 After installing Internet Security 6.0 it created a corrupted file in my Outlook registry . OK , so when I went for tech help , the phone number listed is in RUSSIA . Or - I could email the question to the tech desk . Not so fast ... First you have to have a customer ID and password . Never mind that after buying the software you had to enter the key which registers 1 user . So why ca n't the use that info ? Anyway after going through the drill they send me my customer ID number but my password is sent separately in a zip file . What 's up with that ?!? I do n't have a zip program so I ca n't open it . The catch 22 is there is no tech desk email address to contact them to tell them to just send me the damn password in a text message so I can contact them with my problem . I did find an email address for `` info '' so I emailed that address about my plight and of course have not heard back . Thank you , Comrad !
 Based on lots of great reviews , I decided to buy Kaspersky . After two months , I got a message saying my activation key was blacklisted . I sent an email to customer service and got an auto reply saying they were too busy to respond within 48 hours . Finally after three days someone got back to me and told me to try deleting and reentering the key . This did not work . I had to reply again to customer service and got the same auto reply . This time , no one ever replied . I sent another email threatening to write negative reviews of them and they still , weeks later , have not replied . I emphatically advise against buying this product . If you ever have a problem , you will not get help .
 PROS : I wanted an Internet Security program that would not hog space ... and it does not.It is easy to set up and does the job of blocking popups and protects from viruses.Automatic updates frequently throught the day.CONS : Tech support -LRB- in the USA -RRB- was not that great and I think they realized there are ` bugs ' ... but would not admit it.One web site in particular -LRB- Home Shopping -RRB- will load OK ... but if you go to the various topics -LRB- Jewlery , electronics etc. -RRB- it will not open them at all ... and a blank screen is all you get . The problem is NOT in the various individual ` Protection Settings ' . With ALL of them diabled ... the only way to get those things to open is to COMPLETELY disable the Kaspersky program . This happens on dial up and high speed connections.I am using broadband now ... and on AOL if I go to read a story from one of their news items on the Welcome Page ... they will not load until I once again COMPLETELY disable Kaspersky . This happened after I switched to broadband ... but worked OK on dialup.The same things happen when opening some e-card links . The card will not load until Kaspersky is COMPLETELY disabled.The program made my brand new HP Laptop ` crawl ' ... and so I installed the pre-loaded Norton Internet Security 2006 ... which works fine ... and NONE of the problems I experience on my Desktop -LRB- with Kaspersky -RRB- show up.As I said ... disabling the individual ` Protection Levels ' does NOT cure the problems . The WHOLE program has to be disabled which leaves me unprotected.I am disappointed in the program because of these conditions and am seriously considering going back to Norton ... even though it is a memory ` hog ' and gets some bad ` knocks ' .
 Kaspersky Internet Security has serious compatibility issues with Microsoft Outlook . Once installed , Outlook is no longer able to connect with the mail server . Numerous discussions with support has failed to rectify this issue.If Kaspersky fixes this issue , I will update this review .
 After researching a few options on the market I tried Kaspersky Internet Security Suite 6.0 . I needed only anti-virus but since the rebates made the whole suite cost the same as anti-virus alone I decided to give it a try . Man , I was really disappointed . Out of 7 programs only 2 started and have been working properly
 This product blocked ALL my updates for days . I could n't figure out the problem or clearly identify the cause . Then I went to the Kaspersky forum and found the solution , at
 After a couple of years of annoyance with Norton Internet Security -LRB- slow ; and once went belly-up , evidently corrupted itself in the registry , took a day of discussion with customer service to get it reinstalled and working again -RRB- , I decided to switch to Kaspersky , largely because of its generally good rating in Amazon user reviews.Unlike some other products , Kaspersky gets either excellent or terrible ratings from individual users , with little in between . Apparently , it works well for many , but it simply wo n't work on some systems . I was one of the unlucky ones . I believe my system is pretty standard XP Professional SP2 , kept up to date , so no obvious reason for concern . But Kaspersky KIS 6.0 completely disabled my browsers ' and e-mail client 's access to the Internet , although it did not disable access to my home LAN this side of the DSL wireless router . It also made my system hang instead of shutting down cleanly . Fortunately , removing Kaspersky did work and restored the usability of my system . So I tried reinstalling a few times , in various configurations -- same result . Even with only the antivirus component and no firewall installed , I could not get through to the outside Internet.Kaspersky customer service was very slow to respond -LRB- several days , allegedly because they 're real busy after launching KIS 7.0 -RRB- , and all I got from them -LRB- so far -RRB- has been canned responses , like advice on how to more completely remove the previous Norton installation . Reasonable sounding advice , but it did n't help a bit and evidently was not based on any attempt to understand the details of how my system was disabled.So , I 've given up in frustration , and I 've returned KIS 6.0 to Amazon . I 'm still trying to decide what to try next .
 I purchased the Kaspersky Internet security 6.0 and could not install it . I reported it to Kaspersky and after 6 days of no word , I sent it back for a refund to Amazon . After 12 days I did get a reply which would not have helped as I had already sent it back . The answer did not address the error message I got anyway ! If a security software does not help the consumer , then we must be back in Russia .
 I downloaded the trial version - and I ca n't be more thankful I did . On their website they state that the trial is exactly like the regular version . My computer started acting funny ... I would click something and multiple items would highlight . In email this happened and even when I clicked and had 3 items highlighted and managed to open one - email would n't delete . I could n't delete this fast enough .
 I have this program on a 30-day demo . It might be OK if I did n't mind my computer becoming almost unusable.I tried to run the system virus scan , as recommended , but after 3 hours it was only 2 % done because it was stuck on a file it could n't seem to get past . I skipped the file , but then it quickly got stuck again . The `` time remaining '' said it would take 4 days to complete , so I cancelled that scan.It has a learning mode that initally blocks EVERYTHING . Apparently , this program has no brain . For example , I have the Live Search Toolbar installed in Outlook . It had to ask me if it was OK to run that dll file . In fact , each program that called up a process from a shared dll has to ask permission before it could run.Don ' t even get me started on the Quickbooks and Internet Explorer problems . Which is what it would n't let those programs do , even after they had been run and I repeated clicked `` allow '' over and over.Twice today it got so slow running IE that it finally crashed the computer so bad that I had to do a hard re-boot . If you have it checking ports on your computer , almost nothing would run or download on IE.So , I 'm going to demo a few more , but it 's probably back to Windows Live OneCare , which I had the past year . It just does n't seem to do much -LRB- no long list of features -RRB- , but it also does n't jam everthing else up .
 My computer was hijacked 5 weeks into a 2 year contract . I asked for a refund & all I was offered is more of their service . Spare yourself the headache . Try Trend Micro PC-ILLIN Internet Security .
 This product does not have user friendly installation . I spent hours trying to get my computer to accept and run Kaspersky and gave up . I have never before experienced this problem with any internet security system . If you buy this , its a crap shoot to see if it will work on your computer .
 If I could give it 0 star , I would . My humble opinion is that Kaspersky is not better than Norton at slowing down your computer . One brand new computer , plenty of space and memory . One old computer but with plenty of space and memory as well . Each time Kaspersky updates , I ca n't open Outlook Express nor Explorer . Well , the programs do open actually but I have time to vacuum and dust before they 're launched . I used the repair fonction and uninstalled and reinstalled without any improvement.Samwise
 This is Malfuntioning piece of Junk . A Time consumer that drive you nuts.Anti Hacker sub System Malfuntion.Tech Support is Useless.They want you to do same things again over and over . Lot of Uninstalls and Reinstalls .
 The constant warning popups for every background process at every computer startup and every start of an application -LRB- despite the attempts to create rule and adding them to ` safe list ' -RRB- make Kaspersky a major nuisance and productivity killer .
 This game was way too easy . Not enough tasks and puzzles . I 've played all the other Nancy Drew games and this one was very disappointing .
 I 'm 14 years old and I 've been playing Nancy Drew games since # 3 The Haunted Mansion , and they have always been exhilarating . The puzzles would be tough , but not annoying , and during the game you would always feel frightened at one point or another . Also , when they promised 20 + hours of play , they would mean it . I was disappointed when I finished the game after only 5 hours of play . When I told my mother this , she suggested I was just getting really good at playing the game and solving the puzzles . After reading these other reviews , I realize I am not alone in this time shortage matter . I just hope that the next game will have the actual amount of time , meaning more than 20 hours of play . If that means that it takes a little longer to come out , I will gladly wait .
 For the record , I am a big fan of the Nancy Drew games and hope that Her Interactive continues to release them . That is , of course , assuming that future titles return to the previous standard of quality.My biggest complaint about The Secret of the Old Clock is that the playing time is so short . It took me less than five hours of interrupted game play to solve the game . Even though I never get anywhere near the promised 20 hours of play -LRB- not a suprise , really , since I am an adult and these are games geared toward girls -RRB- , I often get 10 + hours of play for a new Nancy Drew title . Other points worth mentioning : Puzzles - very reminiscent of those used in previous Nancy Drew games ; little originalitySetting - I enjoyed the 1930s feel and got a big kick out of the various literary and movie characters living in Titusville ; however , there were very few opportunities for Nancy to explore her surroundings , which made the `` world '' of this game seem constrictedPlot - the ending was abrupt and several aspects of the story were left unexplored.Overall , it showed promise early on but would up as a big disappointment . I give it a 2 out of 5 , as compared to other Nancy Drew titles .
 First , let me start off by saying I am a huge fan of the Nancy Drew game series . Now for the disappointing news - Secret of the Old Clock just is n't `` up to par '' . Those of you that have already played will know exactly what I mean by that . After months of waiting and the fact that this is Nancy Drew 's 75th anniversary , I really did expect a better game to come from the programmers . Come on guys you know you could have done better!Her Interactive has tried to freshen things up a bit by having SOTOC take place during the Depression era , but unfortunately they forgot to do the same with the puzzles and the interface . With the exception of the Mini-Golf Course in this game -LRB- a good idea in theory -RRB- , all we get in this installment is more of the same , old , non-interesting puzzles that all of us adventure gamers have seen a thousand times before . And while we are on the subject of the Mini Golf Game , I think the programmersneed to do a lot of retooling of the putting element , as there is n't even enough room to make a decent attempt . And do n't even get me started on the Roadster and the endless driving about town nonsense.Where are the interesting characters , storylines , intrigue , plots , and intuitive puzzles ? I suggest that Her Interactive and Atari think about making a much longer game for those loyal fans out there that love the Nancy Drew concept . How about a 40 hour game next time - huh ? Maybe then we 'll get at least a few more hours of play . Please stay away from just rushing to get the nextgame to market , I prefer quality in my purchases . Better luck next time - I hope .
 Our family has been playing Nancy Drew games for years . This one is a big disappointment . There was very little humor -LRB- especially after the funny LuLu of Blackmoor Manor -RRB- . The games were too easy , no real good puzzels and the games were very derivative of the other stories . Also , driving the car and playing putt-putt made the game too arcade-like . We hope the next one is better . Play Blackmoor Manor if you have n't already and give this one a pass .
 I am a HUGE Nancy Drew game fan . I 've played all the games , and was really escited to get this one . I had sooo much fun playing it ... for two hours . And then the game was over . I was shell-shocked . All of the other Nancy Drew games took me 1-5 days and a big headache they were so difficult . But this one was so easy ! This did not live up to my expectations at all . It was fun , yes . But if you are prepared to spend $ 20.00 on a game that will take you two hours to finish , then buy it . If you dont , save your self ten bucks and go see a movie that will entertain more than this game . Which is just about anything .
 I was really excited about this game when I heard it was going to be set in the older days . Soon after playing it I got really annoyed by it . The music was not like it is with the other ones . There were no `` scary '' things at all . Driving the car doing little things got annoying . Its not worth your money . The game is also extremely short . I beat it in less than a day in Senior detective . I dont know what else to say except to maybe buy any other one except for Secrets can kill .
 `` Secret of the Old Clock '' is a rare misstep in the Nancy Drew library that 'll have you asking for your time back.This may be the most frustrating Nancy Drew game yet . Instead of solving a mystery , you have a truckload of mundane tasks such as delivering telegrams , picking up items for rude people , and always making sure you are filled up with gas -LRB- every 20 seconds ! -RRB- . It gets old and annoying fast.There are two puzzles that stick out as poorly designed and will test your patience
 I was very disappointed with the game . Apparently you have to buy the strategy guide to follow the game intelligently . That should have been indicated upon the purchase . Also when I attempted to save the game , it failed to do so . Everytime you wanted to stop , when you returned to the game you had to start over from the beginning . Very lengthy and boring . It was bought for my 11 year old granddaughter and she was definitely disappointed .
 i was excited to play this game because i wanted to play a detective-like game . unfortunately , this game is very kid-like . here 's an example . the first non auto-generated task is to solve some puzzles for a guy . these are the simple kind of puzzles you could find in a children 's word game book . i easily got all of them except 1 , meaning i could n't progress past this point . no problem for me , because by this time i did n't want to ! i 'm not saying it 's a bad game , it 's just probably not a good game for grownups .
 Of all of the Nancy Drew games , I Have to say this was one of the worst . I was expecting better since they have made so many games , but this one was horrible . I did n't really enjoy playing it like I did the others . If you are going to play a Nancy Drew game , do n't chose this one !
 I AM SO EXCITED ABOUT THIS GAME !!!!!! 1 I WISH IT WAS ALREADY OUT .
 I whizzed through this game . Usually I need to ask for help , but not once with this game . Good for beginners ,
 I was sooooooooo looking foward to this game i was really excited and bought it the day it came out . Turned out it took me only 2 houres to finish it . It did n't have the clues leading up to the ending like the other ones did . I loved all the other games but this one was a stinker .
 I agree with most of the other reviews regarding the dynamics of this game . The graphics are attractive , expecially in the 1920 's setting . However , the games were very easy -LRB- even in the Senior Decetive version -RRB- , and the playing time was disappointingly short . I doubt I invested more than 5 hours on this game ... which equates to a waste of money . I always look forward to spending time playing the Nancy Drew games , too bad this game was over in the blink of an eye .
 I had been looking for some new Nancy Drew games to play , and decided to get this one . Unfortunately , it was n't that good , and my advice is to skip it unless you are a die-hard Nancy Drew fan . The story was n't very intriguing , the setting was mediocre and the game simply was n't well done.The game takes place in the 1930s , as opposed to modern times when the games generally take place . Most of the action takes place in , and on the grounds around , an inn , a neighbor 's house and the surrounding area . Nancy has a car , which she spends a great deal of time driving around in . This is not first-person driving either ... the car drives along a map-like network of roads , while Nancy must avoid potholes . Driving , of course , costs gas , and Nancy must earn money by delivering telegrams . For players who hate these kinds of tasks , this game is a very poor choice.As for the characters , they do n't do much to help the game . The neighbor is a pompous twit , Emily is a sad girl who stays in her room , her guardian does n't play a large part through most of the game , and the banker is the happy-hardy type . You hear other character 's voices in the game , such as when you make deliveries , but you never actually see them.I do n't know if I 'll ever play this game again . If you do buy it , make you sure buy an inexpensive copy . As a side note , some of the screenshots shown in the screenshot gallery on the top of the page on Amazon are actually from another game `` Curse of Blackmoor Manor . '' If you do decide to get `` Secret of the Old Clock '' some of the people and locations shown here will not appear in the game .
 First off i just want to say that i 've read `` The Secret of the Old Clock '' and it made this game even more boring because i knew the basic outline.I see in an above review an adult of the age 35 loved it , which i can understand . But I 'm 15 and i found this game OVERLY boring . The puzzles were way too easy , and driving around in the horribly done car part of the game made me want to quit playing . It says youll get a pay if you do some chores for people ... i didnt get anything . Although I love herinteractive and and i love all the other nancy drew games i would highly reccomend you dont waste $ 19.00 on it . I would only reccomend getting it if it was in a value pack of Nancy Drew games .
 First of all ... If you like horse games with realistic looking horses DONT BUY THIS GAME ! The horses looked pathetic compared to other horse games ive played . But I do have to say the whole mystery thing was really fun . Grooming horses did take forever though ! So if you dont care about what the horses looked like than go ahead and buy it . But this game is not realistic .
 This is the worst horse game EVER ! I could NOT get past the mountain terrain cross-country competition . I hate it more then whips!Good things : You can groom your horse.You can trail ride.Bad things : There 's barely any , but I wish they would invent a game just like it WITHOUT the mountain terrain competitions , so I could play it without hating it , making my horse sick of lack of grooming , and uninstalling it.I hated it so much I gave it to a friend who really wanted it . Exept I abandoned to tell her it was difficult .
 this game is not very fun . . but i never got very far because mine got messed up at the beginning , but your person is the slowest walker ever to be in a videogame ! it took me five minutes just to walk in a circle ... . This game is fun only when you are riding ... nothing else ... if you want a FUN FUN FUN horse game , go find another game ... not this one ... i love horses , and if i got further maybe i would like it ...
 This game is impossible . Save your money and do n't buy it ! It really is not like taking care of a real horse ! The time it took me to clean the hooves on this game I could have cleaned 5 of my real horses . I took it back , after the first night of playing it.It is just a horrible game !
 The horses in this game are shocking ! I have never seen a horse with such choppy gaits , you get sea sick just looking at it ! Horses may not have suspension , but a horse would never make an eventer with gaits like that - think of the terrible scores they 'd get in the dressage ! The ` Adventure ' section was better , riding around the trails was amusing enough .
 My daughter is seven , and she 's pretty darned good at most computer games . She loves horses -LRB- not up close and personal , though -RRB- , so her dad bought Saddle Up for her . She got the hang of riding the courses and doing the grooming tasks fairly quickly ... but I think she 's too young to solve the `` challenges '' in the game . And I 'm just a dumb mommy , which means I 'm no help at all.The manufacturer 's website offers NO hints at all . And the customer discussion forum is just full of comments from people who could n't get the game loaded.Many of the happy reviewers here seem to be teenagers . I would advise , dear parent , that you avoid buying this game if your kidlet is around the age of my own . She does enjoy the riding and grooming , but since we ca n't seem to get any further into the `` adventure '' side of the story , she has gotten bored and rather frustrated . Me , too !
 this game SUCKED !!!!! i luv horse games but this games sucked !!! i liked riding around but i could never get in my room ! it took WAY 2 long 2 groom my horse , especialy the hooves , i still havnt finshed . u cant see anything falling when u r doing the horses hooves either . i got lets ride dreamer for x-mas and i luv !!!!!! im about 2 play it right now ! i think u should get that 1 . its sooooo fun !
 Horse games are about the only thing I play , and this one is definately the worst . The movements are hard to get used to and the graphics are not very good . If you 're looking for a good horse game , I definately recommend `` The Saddle Club '' PC game .
 The graphics might rock , but the game is repetitive . Everyday you do the same thing
 The graphics might rock , but the game is repetitive . Everyday you do the same thing
 The graphics might rock , but the game is repetitive . Everyday you do the same thing
 I was supremely dissapointed in this game -- my computer can not play it ! My video card -LRB- a very recent version of ` Intel ' -RRB- is apparently not compatible , despite the fact that I have played other games with DirectX . While I do think the game would be great , I strongly suggest that anyone interested in buying check the website and make sure that their video card is not one of the several types that does not work.If you are like me , and your video card will not work with the game , an excellent alternative is `` Let 's Ride
 Originally my opinion of this game was very poor , however , it was due to the fact that my graphics card was not compatible with the game and made it somewhat unplayable and frustrating . Unfortunately I can not change the star rating : \ Once that problem was fixed , it was a very enjoyable game to play and the mystery was engaging , even for an adult such as myself :--RRB- There is another Saddle Up game that is just as good to play as well .
 I was very disappointed in this product because , althought it does create beautiful email , less than half of the people I email it to can receive the pictures from this software . It basically renders the software useless for me . The manufacturer states on their website that this is a `` very common situation . '' I quote from Novatix website : `` My emails do n't have pictures . Is SendPhotos at fault?This is a very common situation . You use SendPhotos to compose and send some emails , but one or more of your recipients receive emails that have no pictures in them . The area where the picture should be is either an empty box , a box with a red X , a blank space , a space with a text placeholder like -LSB- IMAGE -RSB- , or just an empty area . This is not due to SendPhotos . It is due to the recipient 's email viewer . There are several reason behind this problem.The recipient 's email reader does n't know how to display HTML email . This is common in email readers published prior to 2000 . The only two solutions are to replace the email reader with an newer one , or set up a free email account on Hotmail or Yahoo where the recipient can receive HTML emails.The recipient 's email reader is set to suppress the pictures in HTML email . This is a common feature in modern email readers , but is usually off by default . People use this feature to avoid seeing spam advertising , to protect themselves from porn spam , and to speed up the viewing of email . The only solution is for them to change the setting to show pictures . In most , if not all cases , once the setting is changed , when the email is reviewed it shows the pictures . In other words the setting does n't affect the email , just how it is viewed.The recipient 's email reader takes a while to download and display the pictures . Emails with pictures are larger than normal emails and on a dialup connection it can take a while for the whole email to be downloaded . Some readers will start to display the email message and fill in the photos as they arrive.Web based email readers sometimes reformat the email message . This is a variation on the problem . SendPhotos makes an HTML email which looks like a web page might look because it is using the same technology as browsers use to display web pages . However , when the recipient is viewing the email via a web-based email service , there is a conflict between the email content and the web page . To resolve this , all web-based email services reformat the email to display within their web page . In the process of reformatting , the email 's appearance can change and the pictures can even be moved . In most cases , the pictures do show up . ''
 i ordered this software and installation went every smooth . I selected a photo to send by msn mail . after pressing the send button , absolutely nothing happen . you have to start send emails back and forth or try getting someone on the phone . this software is too much trouble . i am sending it back to the company for free ...
 This is the worst antivirus I 've had . I do n't like Norton either though , that 's why I switched to Panda . The windows that inform you of `` problems '' like
 I bought this software because I had heard good things about it . Wish I could say the same , but I ca n't . It 's true that it is easy to install and configure , and does n't seem to get in your way during normal computer operation , but it has been ineffective in getting rid of the very first thing my computer `` caught '' . Panda software detected and notified me of a trojan horse program , but has not offered to remove it -LRB- as its instructions say it should -RRB- . An email inquiry to Panda 's tech support was answered 6 days later , stating simply ... `` If you have used the instructions from the Virus Info page on our site , then there is no other information to offer . What you can try is to do a search for that virus name on Google and see what other people have found to remove it . `` So now it 's up to me to try to get rid of this thing . I thought that 's what the antivirus software was supposed to do . I also had the impression , from their marketing hype , that Panda 's tech support would try to work with you to solve a problem . I feel that they 've made no effort to explain why their software ca n't remove it , or offer any additional help .
 Your pc 's AV program is one program that NEEDS to work 100 % of the time . Plus , in today 's world ; and has to do it 's updates smoothly.Everyone WANTS it to install and WORK right on the first installation attempt . It can take ** 30 minutes or more , under ideal situations . When everything works CORRECTLY , to install an AV program -LRB- ** an estimate
 I am so disappointed ! Before you buy this software , please read all the reviews . This version of Panda Anti virus does n't work on all computers and it may even damage your system . But for those that it operates correctly , they are thrilled with it . Both my wife , who uses it at work , and my son , who uses on his home computer , recommended this to me . The bright spot for me was low use of resources . I was putting it on an old machine that used Windows 98 and I did n't have the resources to spare . As you may be aware , some of the newer antivirus programs only work well on new machines . As soon as I loaded up Panda and downloaded the list of virus definitions , I lost the capability to get on the Internet . Only after I uninstalled Panda was I able to restore my computer connection . So I tried to call Panda customer service . But they do n't have an 800 # so you have to dial direct long distance and then they put you on hold for eternity . I hung up after 20 minutes , I 'd spent more money than I wanted to for the call . Then I tried to contact tech support thru email . But their website is so confusing with requirements for screwy client #s and odd password #s . . I gave up . I reloaded Panda and contacted tech support email . Sent the email and uninstalled Panda again . It 's been 3 days and I still have n't received a reply . I suppose I should be thankful Panda did n't permanently damage my computer and uninstalling the software restored my machine to me . But for you , if you buy Panda antivirus , save your sales receipt .
 I had a very similar experience as the reviewer from Brooklyn . I went for the free version of this software , downloaded from panda 's website . Immediately after rebooting my system I noticed that all the desktop icons were generic looking . And my internet explorer was missing all the bookmarks . I did a lot of digging on my hard drive and on the Internet , in the end I ran across the Brooklyn guy 's review and uninstalled Panda . Lo and behold , after another reboot my system was back to normal again . I guess I got it for free so I should of known .
 I highly recommend against Panda Antivirus . Immediately after I installed it -LRB- after getting dissatisfied with Norton Antivirus 2004 Professional -RRB- it srewed up my Internet Explorer . First , all my favorite links -LRB- hundreds of them ! -RRB- disappeared without a trace . Actually , before that ... I had a lot of trouble registering the product on Panda 's website , and the username/password they provided me did not work at all . Back to IE ... All my favorites were gone ! And I could not add any more links . Apparently Panda changed some registry settings for IE that would not allow me to change any settings in IE . If I went into options and tried to change settings , IE would just crash . Also my Internet setting on my Windows XP Home system was reset by Panda . This is absolutely the worst piece of software I 've used.Upon uninstalling it I rebooted and everything went back to normal . I ran McAfee 's online virus scan tool to make sure my system was sound.Definitely stay away ! I do not recommend Norton , either . McAfee seems the best bet right now , even though I did n't like their older versions , but at least the 2004 McAfee seems okay so far .
 If I could give this product less than one star I would . It is a total waste of money . My experence in computers made me buy this product thinking I could get it to work unlike the other newbies . Boy was I wrong as it did not work with the 4 phones I bought it for . The only good points the company gets is for such nice packaging the product comes in . Someone needs to work out their software bugs as they have a very good product.I am so ashamed Amazon would continue to sell such a product after so many negative reviews . If Amazon had a rating system like Ebay the Datapilot would not get any customers to buy their product.This is also the only product that I have seen that DOES NOT allow a customer to send feedback to the seller . Do n't waste your time trying to get help from the company either.The only other good point about the product is the cables it comes with as it is possible to use them with other software packages like Motorola Phone Tools .
 I ca n't remember ever making a poorer purchase . Only one of the promised features works at all -LRB- the phonebook transfer -RRB- , but that is both inconsistant -LRB- not every number transferred , some of them transfered in duplicate -RRB- and inconvenient -LRB- the `` synch '' makes the user do a lot of tasks that other programs like this automate -RRB- .
 I purchased this package and am extremely disappointed . The software is pretty crude . It will merge contacts from Outlook , but it will not syncronize them . What you end up with is a ton of duplicate entries that you must then go back and manually sort . Save your money and get something else .
 After some difficulty the software worked to pull data off an old Motorola phone . I have continuously updated the software during the allowed 6 months after purchase.I try to connect my new LG phone and it ca n't find it . I have followed all troubleshooting instructions , and installed the drivers , tried 2 phones.The software has excellent packaging , a lot of desirable features , if only they would work .
 Truly a waste of money . Useless level 1 tech support . Obnoxious phone queue forces you to listen to their terrible audiotext message over and over and over again every 15 seconds . No toll free tech support.Our install insisted upon Admin credentials while in fact the install was being done in Admin account . Junior tech support gave us a workaround . That did n't help.Then they sent us an applet so they could get a snapshot of our system info . Still no help.Getting ready to call the credit card company and file a dispute.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!! I WISH I HAD READ ALL THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS FIRST !!!!
 i have two phones , one is older but has some nice pictures on it . And my boyfriend thought he would use this too . The instructions are absolutley WORTHLESS as is the live tutorial . It detected my one phone , but I could not find the files . IN the instructions it does not tell you where to go , but that it will automatically go to the right file , wrongo ! I spent about 2 hours with both of my phones trying to figure it out . On top of all of this , customer support is only open till 5pm ! Considering i baught this at night , NO HELP WHATSOEVER!I wasnt about to sit down on the phone and have them try to help me since most customer help lines are useless.I DO NOT recommened this product , especially if you do not know everything about EVERYTHING ! The instructions offer no help , and i am a computer MAJOR . Dont waste the 80 bucks or whatever.I am RETURNING THIS PRODUCT !
 I wish I could give 0 stars ... I purchased this $ 70 + universal kit about 2-1/2 years ago . Susteen has since changed their policy to only provide 1 year of updates and support.I needed to re-install the software on a new computer and now can not obtain ANY updates , even the ones that I used to be entitled to . Because of this , the software is now useless because my phone required an update to the software in order to work.During your update period , you do not even have an option for downloading the software updates so that you can keep your own backup copies of them for use after your 1 year is up.Susteen , you made two big mistakes in my opinion . First you changed your support policy AFTER I purchased your product . 1 year of support is unacceptably short . Second if I buy your software at version 3.5 and can update to version 4 during my update period , I should always be entitled to update to version 4 !
 This product is garbage , do n't buy it . If someone offers it to you at no charge , do n't accept it . Please do your homework . I wish I had .
 This company has the right idea , but is way too greedy , you can only use this software for 8 phones . Once you try using it on the 9th phone it makes you buy another license . Personally , i carry 2 phones , and I upgrade every couple months . I only got to use this software a couple times -LRB- I transfered my brothers phonebook -RRB- , and now it tells me I need to buy a license .
 If you have any idea that using this software on a laptop with a cell phone would be a passable way to access the internet while on the road ... forget it . It is PAINFULLY SLOW . Maybe it works well for sync ` ing phone data , maybe it does n't - either way , buy it on that merit - just do n't expect real internet connectivity , or you 'll be disappointed .
 I 've used hundreds of software programs over the years , and this application ranks among the three worst -LRB- I 'd venture to say it is the worst -RRB- . I have attempted to use this produce for approximately 2 years now . Despite episodes of successful utilization , the program has consistently given me problems at pretty much every step , from downloading and installing the program to establishing contact with my phone and executing synchronization . Unfortunately , it is one of the few products that sychronizes cell phone calendars with Outlook 's calendar . Nonetheless , I decided I was fed up with this product , and installed a different synchronization application , which has posed no problems thus far -LRB- though it does not synchronization my Outlook calendar with my phone 's calendar -RRB- . Considering I have a Pocket PC , this is a small price to pay for the reduced hassle .
 Perhaps because FoxNews owns a piece of Susteen Corp. , well , DataPilot , when used to put new address entries into your cell phone , does something very sneaky . It embeds a RESET for each address and tells phone the ringer is the FoxNews ringer ! If your phone has internet and no foxnews ringer , each person calling that is in your addr book causes the phone to search fox web site for a ringer . Cust Serv and Tech Supp UNRESPONSIVE after 60 days of trying ! You get stuck having to edit EVERY addr entry on phone , resetting ringer to normal and deleting foxnews logo as default image for EVERY entry ! ALSO , contrary to their ads , be VERY careful ... MOST new phones do NOT allow you to connect to internet via datapilot on laptop . Sprint , Cingular and others now blocking this but DataPilot keeps advertising this capability .
 A very cool idea but not implemented well by this company.Had to install the software twice . after the software installed , the program asked if I wanted to do `` Updates . '' So I clicked `` yes . '' Nothing happened . It turns out that one has to register the software before one qualifies for an update but there should be a registration form first before the update or even an error message.After the first install w/updates , I connected the USB cable between the computer and my phone . The USB cable showed up as an `` unknown device . '' -LSB- And I did not connect the cable until everything , including updates , was installed . -RSB- So I removed the entire installation , did a System Restore and re-installed the software . Then after second install , the program informed me that I had used up all 8 of my handset allowances -- my husband and I just purchased 2 Motorola 551s , and I was moving MY cell phone book from my old v60 to the FIRST 551 -LSB- which is TWO phones by my count , since I had n't connected the second 551 at all -RSB- . This package is not intuitive at all and does not work well or consistently . I have to agree with most of the other reviewers
 This is the worst software that I 've bought in quite a while - it 's buggy - provides very litte functionality , and is WAY OVERPRICED . They have no Tech Support - Go ahead and JUST TRY to call their Tech Support Line -LRB-949-RRB- 341-0007 - Option 4 for Customer Support - they will never answer the phone - it just rings and rings ... !! But the worst part is that you THINK you are buying a piece of software that you can use for multiple phones as you change phones and upgrade to newer models - Oh NO ! You 've got to RE-BUY their software each YEAR ! In order to get the needed USB Cell Phone drivers for any new phone - What a rip off !!
 I hate to say but I am very frustrated with this product and support is nonexistent . We purchased the enterprise unlimited edition and have found MANY phones are not supported . For 3 days I have been trying to update the software hoping that would solve our problems . But the product will not let me update unless it is registered on the web . When I try to do that I am told the serial number is wrong . The serial number is VERY difficult to read on our edition and when I called I was given a key to validate over the phone but that is not enough to update the home . I have opened two trouble tickets , and left a phone message and have not heard back .
 I 'm not happy with the purchase of this software at all . Having an LG VX7000 cellphone with camera , I have a lot of pictures and numbers in my phone and wanted to back them up.I could never get this software to operate properly . After installing per instructions on a Windows XP platform on a laptop , I could never get the software to perform the functions I bought it for . I bought it to
 We bought this Suite for the Motorola V730 , after verifying from the customer support that it was supported . Well , there is no cell communication on two different phones we tried , and most functions a blanked out on the pull down menues . I rate it a 5 + on the SUX scale , and the enclosed documentation even SAYS THE PHONE IS SUPPORTED . It would be a great software suite if it WORKED ! ZERO STARS IS NOT SUPPORTED ON THESE REVIEWS , OR IT WOULD GET A ZERO .
 I 've used this software for a couple of years now and certainly can not recommend it . First used it with an LG C2000 and more recently with a Razr V3 . I could get it to transfer names and phone numbers to and from the phone but data on the PC is difficult or impossible to edit . It is not intuitive at all . It is a very poor piece of software
 This product was suppose to solve the problem of retaining my cell phonebook . It turned to deliver more problems than solve them . I 've spent the last 30 days trying to get resolution as to why this product does not work . Finally I am returning this product because it simply does n't do what it says it will do . Do n't recommend the purchase of this product ! With as much time as I have spent trying to get this product to work I could have input all of my phone entries manually saving me time !
 Too bad we ca n't give a negative number of stars.First , recognize that I am an electronics engineer who works with -LRB- and sometimes designs parts of -RRB- computers every single day of my life , including using/installing incredibly complicated pieces of software that cost thousands of dollars . I am extremely computer savvy and technically literate . Also , recognize that my computer , my OS , and my phone were supposed to be 100 % compatible with the Datapilot software.That having been said , I 've just finished spending approximately 6 hours trying to get the software to work with my phone , as well as rehabilitating my computer from the damaged caused by the attempts at getting Datapilot to work.I 've read every bit of the installation instructions . I 've read every potentially related article in their `` knowledge base '' . I 've tried everything they recommend as well as everything else I could think of , reinstalling things many times over . I 've completely verified , by other means , that everything on my end -LRB- computer , phone , USB connection , etc. -RRB- works just fine with other applications and when used in any other manner * except * with the Datapilot software . I 've verified , time and time again , that the drivers are the correct ones according to their instructions , and that the drivers are being installed properly , and that there is absolutely no problem.Except that Datapilot absolutely will not recognize my phone , no matter what.I 've never requested a refund on any piece of software before , and I 've never posted a software review anywhere before , but this is an outrageously bad piece of software . -LRB- Or else their compatibility list is a lie . -RRB- Aside from the software just not working , there are problems with various pieces of documentation conflicting with each other , also.I 've requested a refund -LRB- I bought the software directly from Datapilot , not through Amazon -RRB- . However , in detailed searching of their Knowledge Base , I now find that they say that a refund of something bought via credit card may take up to 2 billing cycles -LRB- i.e. up to 2 months -RRB- to show back up as a refund , which is ridiculous . They also say that they are going to charge a $ 9.95 `` handling fee '' regardless of the reason for the refund . The price of the software alone , in downloaded version not on CD , was $ 34.95 . So they are charging nearly 30 % of the purchase price for `` handling '' of something that is not physical and does n't require any re-stocking or anything like that . And that refund policy is not posted in the normal website any place where you might possible see it before you buy.Although I 've never requested a software refund before , and only once or twice in my life requested a refund on other types of products , at this point I 'm prepared to take them to court and spend even more money just for the satisfaction of getting that extra $ 9.95 back . I 've never been more livid about a purchase in my life.If I do n't hear back from them right away and get a full refund very quickly , I 'm definitely reporting them to the Better Business Bureau in any case.The bottom line is that it 's a great idea . And you may get lucky -LRB- like one or two of the people here -RRB- and have it work for you . But for most people it 's a complete waste of time and money .
 How I wish I would have read the Amazon reviews before I bought this product ... The saga is as follows : - Had a palm pilot -LRB- Tungsten E , great product if anyone cares -RRB- . Bought a cell phone -LRB- LG VX3300 -RRB- . - Ditched the Palm so I would n't look like a jedi knight wannabe by carrying two devices on my belt . - Found that I used the phone 's calendar a lot . - Yearned for software that could sync phone with PC . - Found the Datapilot kit at local big box electronics store . - Checked box for compatability with my phone . Yup , there it is . - Felt sense of great joy -LRB- that would later turn to sheer aggravation ... read on -RRB- - Bought the kit -LRB- $ 75 retail . Ouch -RRB- - Installed on my PC w/no problem...uh-oh , software wo n't recognize cable . - Checked box again to confirm compatability . Yup , there 's my model # . - Checked Datapilot 's website . Website said I would need a special cable for the LG VX3300 model and listed number to call . - Called number . Susteen representative said he would send cable once I faxed receipt from big box store . Would take 10-14 business days . - Faxed receipt to representative . - Put date in my calendar on my trusty phone . - Date came and went . No cable . - Called Susteen again . Spoke to same representative as before . Representative said he had no record of my call , did not remember me and not cable was sent . - Took deep breaths to control blood pressure . - Representative did not apologize , but said would send cable . Would take 10-14 business days . - Marked on my calendar again . - -LRB- Guess what happened next -RRB- - Date came and went . - Called Susteen again . Asked for different representative to speak with . This representative apologized and said they would send new cable by 2nd day air . - Cable actually came . - Hooked up phone to PC . - Contacts sync to PC . Calendar does not . - Going back to big box store tomorrow and asking for refund.If the above sounds like a good time to you , then by all means , buy the product .
 I bought this with the intention of being able to convert my music files -LRB- MP3 's -RRB- to ringtones , and also to use some of my personal pictures as wallpaper . I was n't able to do either of these , but first things first ... Bought this at Fry 's Electronics a feew days ago , and it is only 3 days later that I got the whole thing installed . The serial number that was on the jewel case kept coming up as incorrect , and therefore , the installation would abort . After 2 days of calling tech support , I obtained a new serial number and the program installed . Whew ... step one is done . Next , trying to get this program to communicate with my LG VX7000 Verizon phone was difficult at best . I again had to call tech support and obtained an email address to use ! =-RRB- After an hour or so of fiddling with the additional files emailed to me , I got it to communicate with my computer . I was able to back up my phonebook onto my computer and complete the settings to use the phone as a modem -LRB- If I had a laptop -RRB- , but was unable to use my pictures as wallpaper OR use my MP3 's as ringtones.When using the wallpaper easy wizard , at the very end , I get an error message that states
 Fellow Amazon Shoppers
 Product worked just OK , but would not update . Benny Wong provided smug and terse responses to emails for support , obviously not reading the emails he was answering . Eventually he sent a link to a download that rendered the program completely unusable . After that , he stopped responding to all emails . Now I have a program that wo n't work and can not be registered again to reactivate because it is already registered .
 I 'm a hardware geek . I installed the software , and set it up for my phone , all I got was a message that the phone connected was not the phone that I set it up for ! -LRB- ? -RRB- . I tried another phone VX3200 LG , and the cable would not recognise it either . I filed for tech support , and they gave me a support number in the hundreds of thousands ... apparently they 've had that many complaints . I supplied complete information but only got a canned response in return . You wo n't actually get to talk to a real person . I got two emails , the first issuing a tech support ticket number and the second voiding it . I followed the suggestions in the first but the program continued to insist the phone model detected was not the model that I entered . After many hours of screwing around installing and uninstalling the software , I 've given up . I changed drivers , made sure baud rates on the phone matched the port speed , etc. . I 'm surprized that Amazon sells such a crappy product . The hardware is nice , but the software is unusable . I 'm running W2K SP4 with all updates.I do n't have a problem with my usb ports or my phones ; both of which are the same model . Any other USB device I connect works with no problem whatsoever . The warning on the box tells you that if you open the box you ca n't return it.This software is useless if it wo n't connect to the phone . Do n't expect useful help from Susteen . Save your money , your time and your effort for something else .
 I think the software works , that is why we 're on our second copy of this program . With new phones being introduced all the time , the first copy we had did n't support our new phones.So , for $ 70 some-odd dollars , we bought a new software package with many different cables to accomodate all of our different phones to simply transfer the company phone list into peoples new phones -LRB- used at a business -RRB- . So , I 'm working on phone # 9 , and I get an error that it only supports 8 phones -LRB- maybe mention that on phone # 8 that it 's the last phone perhaps , so I can be proactive and address the licensing issue then , instead of when I need it to work the next time ? -RRB- . They say they offer licensing for 25 , 50 or 100 phones , but they do n't open until 9:00 am pacific time . Do they think people on the east coast want to wait until 11:00 am to conduct business ?!? When you call AFTER 9:00 , their voice mail says their business hours start at 8:00 am ... . HUH?We do n't use any other feature besides the phone book transfer , so I have no idea if those other features work . Getting the phone book transfer to work is not incredibly intuitive , but after much trial and error , I got it figured out . Also , they just created a new wizard to walk you step by step through it ... there 's an order to follow , plugging in the cord to the pc , then to the turned off phone , then turn on the phone , etc.So , shame on me for not finding a minimal software package to do the job we need . Licensing for 25 phones is over $ 100 .
 really a did n't work well for me . It would never discover the phone when I needed it to . the software interface was glitchy at best . no clear troubleshooting ideas/tips . I am glad everything is all USB now . makes life much easier
 Piece of junk -- does not download pictures , only contacts . What 's the point ? Will probably have to go to the Sprint store now and pay a fortune just to get pictures .
 Do not buy data pilot . I have attempted to get support for lgvx3300 driver and they do n't respond . In my case there is no support so I am left with a worthless program . I am sorry I did not read reviews before I purchased data pilot . I ca n't imagine this product will be on the market long . Go elsewhere .
 I went to their website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- to see if the phone I intended to purchase was supported . Unfortunately , it was n't . So , I found a different phone of the same brand that was supported and bought it instead . Then , I purchased the Data Pilot software . The synchronization did not work with the phone they advertised as being supported . So , I wrote to their support . I did n't hear back for over a week . So I sent another support request . After about another week , I finally heard from them . A terse one sentence response saying my phone was not supported . I took screen captures of their website showing that the phone was advertised as being supported and sent it to them . I never heard back . Do n't buy this product unless you are somehow absolutely certain it works with your phone . Do n't trust their website and do n't expect any helpful support . I was ripped off and there is nothing I can do about it .
 I 've been using Datapilot software for a little less than a year . It 's difficult to use , connection to cell phone can be problematic at times -LRB- everything must be done in the right order -RRB- , and upgrades to the software are n't automatic as they say ... it seems you must request an upgrade and they send you a link with a password . Overall , if you 're used to intuitive software and do n't need the hassle , I 'd steer clear . While I 've used it ONLY to make backup copies of my cell phonebook , I 've come to the conclusion that I 'd spend less time re-keying in the entire phonebook than I 've already spent trying to work with this software .
 There is a very small detail I overlooked when purchasing this product . It can be found in VERY small print at the bottom of the box : `` DataPilot software is for personal use only , therefore you can connect and transfer data to a maximum of 8 different mobile phones . `` I bought this thinking I could use it on my friends and family 's phones to help them out too.I did my research before buying but missed this VERY big point.Only get this if you intend to ever connect 8 or less devices . Otherwise you will be VERY disappointed .
 IF YOU THINK THIS SOFTWARE SOUNDS LIKE WHAT YOU NEED , MAKE SURE YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THERE IS A 90 % CHANCE THAT THIS WILL NOT WORK ! JUST LOOK AT ALL THE REVIEWS . I WISH I HAD BEFORE I MADE THE PURCHASE.BOUGHT THE PRODUCT FROM A BIG BOX STORE FOR $ 19.99 -LRB- I guess they lowered their price , but still a complete waste of money ! -RRB- THE BOX SAID FOR `` LG/MOTOROLA `` AFTER HOURS OF TRYING TO SET UP MY LG900G , I CHECKED THEIR WEBSITEMY FONE IS NOT IN THE LIST OF COMPATIBLE `` LG '' PHONESNow , why would they put for `` LG '' phones in bold letters if half of the LG phones are not supported ?!?! BUT WAIT , THEIR WEBSITE SAYS `` 30 DAYS MONEY BACK GUARANTEE '' ... LET 'S SEE ... I RECENTLY SWITCHED FROM VERIZON TO STRAIGHT TALK AND GUESS WHAT ... STRAIGHT TALK PHONES -LRB- AND OTHER PREPAID PHONES -RRB- ARE NOT SUPPORTED EITHER !!! I would appreciate if they wrote somewhere in the box even in the smallest letters that it had that limitation , then I would n't have wasted my time and MONEY!It 's true that if you try calling their customer service # , it will just keep ringing . I had a bit of luck and actually got an answer from a person . When I asked him if I can return the product to them since I ca n't return to the store -LRB- opened software policy , of course -RRB- , he gladly told me that the 30 days money back guarantee applies only if it was an online purchase . So that call confirmed what I had feared , that their software was completely USELESS and I ca n't get my money back . Oh , and their website says `` No restocking fee '' if you were to return it -LRB- like one of the reviews said charged $ 9.95 for him to `` return '' the downloaded software -RRB- . They are just plain ridiculous ! How I wish I could pay them a visit and throw this piece of junk in their face ... oh wait ... they 're less then 20 miles away from me ... . anybody want to come with me?Please save yourself the trouble and money and stay away from this product !
 Just plain has never worked . Tried a couple of dozen times over a couple/few years , upgraded software twice . It backs up 20 or 30 addresses then craps out . Ditto for pics . LG VX 6100 . Run screaming .
 SUSTEEN DataPilot Universal Cell Phone Data Transfer KitThis is OLD STOCK , it does not have the latest cables.BEWARE
 First I bought the universal kit for a mind boggling $ 80 , then had to pay $ 30 for the cable for my phone + $ 9 shipping handling -LRB- I 'm supposed to get a $ 10 rebate , but I 'm still waiting -RRB- . After spending over $ 100 for this , I installed it , and appeared to have succefully installed the driver for my Audiovox 8910 . When I load the DataPilot software and try to connect to COM3 -LRB- the Susteen cable -RRB- , it does not recognize my device . After spending some much time with the ackward install process and having to pay extra for a cheap cable , I am returning this junk .
 Bought this `` software '' elsewhere . -LRB- Fry 's -RRB- Absolute CRAP ! I 've been in software for over 30 years and have not seen many applications as lame as this one ! Over four hours and the Crap App wo n't install correctly . This is Pathetic ! I really wonder if ANYONE ever got this junk to install and run correctly.Searches have shown their support is useless.I would suggest AVOIDING this product - if you can call it that .
 The other negative reviews say it all . I wish I had bought from Amazon instead of directly because the Datapilot site has no customer reviews -LRB- for good reason -RRB- . Poor documentation , poor support and poor software . You will also be poor -LRB- er -RRB- if you buy it .
 Tried to install it . installed OK , but when I tried to open it it kept saying I had no internet access to run it and to check my firewall . I turned off my firewall , same result . Uninstalled
 I purchased this software because it indicated that I would be able to retrieve my pictures from my older LG C2000 cell phone . I discovered that not only did it not support that function , the software is unstable and did in fact cause other problems on my Windows XP OS . I could ` nt get it off of my machine fast enough !!
 The Software claims to support many phone and allow sync with outlook . However its very difficult to use . In this age of smart phones , you have to visit their website support forms and read about `` phone not found '' to configure it for Android . They should have this in default help page . This is with latest version.It can import address book and calender from outlook and phone but does not sync them . Now I have duplicate entries in the datapilot software -LRB- which I must say has poor interface itself -RRB- . This seems to be task of novice software writer who is trying to sell an unfinished product . I am disappointed.Verdict
 ZERO STARS - Dec 3 2011 online download & purchase of DataPilotSusteen Datapilot Cell Phone Data Transfer Suite Universalwent smooth . However after installation it turned BAD . Requirements say XP operating sys is okay , but when you try to connect phone , it asks for MS ActiveSync program -LRB- which at 1st I did not have -RRB- . So , easy enough , go to MS downloads , and get it . BUT , MS says ActiveSync will NOT WORK unless XP SP2 or LOWER . Everyone with XP would have upgraded to SP3 by now . And if you try to force ActiveSync to load , it will create many operating system issues . BOTTOM LINE
 Got the wrong thing1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
 This games is based on the new Spongebob movie , and the official website advertizes this game as being available on PC , PS-2 , X-Box and Gamecube . The trailer for this game shows 3D action like that of Spyro The Dragon , Jakk3 etc.Installing this game on the PC revealed that PC users have been stiffed with a stupid 2D-eqsue `` Monkey Island '' - type puzzle solving adventure game operated by soley the mouse.The previous Spongebob Squarepants game `` Battle for Bikini Bottom '' for PC is the same . The PC version of both games are NOTHING REMOTELY like the versions on action games for PS-2 , X-Box , Gamecube etc. . The website makes no distinction . The official website is totally misleading on this . The trailers for both games show Spongebob and Patrick in 3D action . This is severly not the case for either the PC version.While this game is funny , it 's a fizzer . Any kid can complete the game within a few hours , and will never play it again .
 Sorry to say this title was one of worse games my family has played on the PC in a long time -LRB- and we buy and play about 1 game a week -RRB- . I bought this for my 11 year old as she loved the other spongebob games . But after about 1 minute of `` playing '' this game , she gives me this look , `` like you really do n't still think I 'm an infant do you ? '' . The basic `` fun '' of this game is point and clicking on various objects in bikini bottom and having spongebob say some cutish comment about them . This is interspersed with very simple puzzle solving and general walking around.If you want to save your hard earned cash , avoid this one like the plague .
 My 6-year old son loved Spongebob Battle for Bikini Bottom and had so much fun with it I bought him this one thinking it would be similar . Wrong ! This is very frustrating and difficult . Even I was stumped in several places . Unless you want to have a very upset child asking you to figure out every move , do n't waste your time or money . Get Battle for Bikini Bottom instead .
 Hello I am 11 years old . I bought this game last christmas eve becasue I saw commercials of the video game and decided to get the PC verison . I thought the game would be the same as console versions and the movie . When I played it on Christmas morning , I was dead wrong . There is no battle and driving levels in the game . Spongebob does not act heroic in the game . He just acts like a little baby . Do n't buy this pile of sh ** . Buy the Gamecube , PS2 , and Xbox versions . This game sucks badly .
 Once again , THQ has pulled one on the PC community . The XBOX and PS2 versions of the game are action 3-D games that let you control the characters of Bikini Bottom -LRB- Like the Spyro The Dragon games -RRB- . They are actually fun for the kids to play ! The PC version is an adventure game like the old Sierra Online products such as `` King 's Quest '' - but with updated graphics and a few mini-games tossed in . The game is very short and has no replay value since the adventure never changes . Why does the publisher do this ? All three boxes for the game a very similar - and when your kids play the demo for the PS2 version at the store and see the same box over in the PC section - they grab it thinking it 's the same game . Only to be greatly disappointed when they go to play the game at home ! Avoid this version of the game !
 When I first saw the box of the Spongebob movie game for PC , I thought it was gamecube , XBOX , and PS2 version . When I bought the game and started to play , I was really dissapointed . The whole game has extremly nothing to do with the real movie . How come in level 3
 Working in the software industry , I know how things work . QA finds problems during testing , Development claims it takes too long to fix problems , Marketing ignores everything and give Sales the `` go ahead '' to sell the product anyway ... and this is the result . Here are the reasons I gave 1 star -LRB- would have given -1 but ... -RRB- 1 . Very difficult to install -LRB- you must be comfortable with computer internals -RRB- . It requires configuration changes to eliminate sound and video glitches unles your PC is brand new and has the latest and greatest in terms of video and sound cards .2 . Even though there are several Chapters with 2-3 games in each , you can only select the first game of the first chapter . Due to the level of difficulty , we -LRB- my son and I -RRB- have not been able to complete the 1st game so we have n't seen how the other ones are .3 . The -LRB- poor -RRB- booklet that comes with the S/W mentions a SAVE option , which in reality , does not exist . So , every time the little boy runs out of `` lives '' or if you want to quit the game , you can not save it . The S/W kicks you out and you need to start from total scratch .4 . Very poor customer support . The 800 number does not get you anywhere and the website does not have any entry for this particular S/W . All in all , I strongly suggest that you save your money until something better comes up . I also bought my son the GameBoy version but since I have n't given to him yet , I 'm seriously thinking about returning it .
 DO NOT BUY THIS CD ROM . YOU ARE WASTING YOUR MONEY . This product made by THQ , priced at $ 19.99 , for my grandson for Christmas 2004 , is still sitting on his CD shelf . I installed it on our new computer and then un-installed it . The software is very poor . I have purchased approximately 50 CD ROMs for my grandson and never had problems like I had with Polar Express.It was very difficult to install . I called Customer Support and they told me I needed to install an additional video and sound card on my NEW top of the line Dell computer . I could tell the representative did not know what they were talking about , because this was the same thing they told me when I called Customer Support when I had problems installing the software on my old HP computer . Forget about getting help on their website . Basically , we have a pretty Polar Express box sitting on our CD shelf .
 This is a very frustrating game . This reminds me of the first Harry Potter game where there is one section of the game in the beginning which is very challenging . Once you get past that first part , the rest of the game is fun . Except getting past the first part in Polar Express game is harder than playing Half Life and much less rewarding . It is really sad because the graphics in this game are very nice . The game has the potential to be absolutely fantastic . Instead , it will just drive you nuts .
 THQ did a good job in the annimation of the characters , and the plot line is good.There are several severe drawbacks though which would prevent me from : No cameral angles . It is straight ahead only . No panoramic views , which means keyboard only and no mouse controls.No ability to change the controls.No manual save , the game designates save points , and on top of it , you have to go through many scenarios before a save point arrives . You only have 5 chances of getting through them all before the game ends , before you run out of `` life '' or `` heart , '' Your `` heart '' level does n't increase between scenarios.Objects are sometimes difficult to capture . The game requires several complex jumps in order to capture objects , but because there is no camera , it is difficult to determine how close or far you are from the object.All in all , I feel that they rushed this to the shelves to meet the Christmas season , and even though it was n't expensive , I am still disappointed when games do n't perform to a satisfactory level .
 This software makes it extremely difficult to grab objects , then penalizes the frustrated child by preventing the child from saving the game -LRB- because the child ca n't progress far enough to have earned the ability to save a game -RRB- . Avoid this software .
 when i bought it i was so excited -LRB- i hoped it would be better than the movie -RRB- it wasnt . it was worse . i go bored in about an hour . i traded it for shark tale on gamecube . it was sooooo much better . buy anything but the polar express .
 I bought this game for my son and found it extremely frustrating , to say the least . You have to complete the first game before you can go on to the the next game . You can not pick and choose . Also , you can not save the level you are on . You have to start over and over again . THE MAKERS OF THIS GAME SHOULD BE UTTERLY ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES FOR MAKING THIS GARBAGE IN ORDER TO MAKE SOME MONEY .
 My 6-year-old granddaughter says she finds this program her least favorite of all her CD 's . Says it is a little confusing .
 I thought Tarzan was going to be the best game in the world , but actually it 's a BIG WASTE OF MONEY . When you ca n't pass a level , it get 's boring.Two words . BORING GAME .
 Although it says that it will work on different operating systems -LRB- i.e. , Vista -RRB- , it DOES NOT ! When we received the game , it is ONLY FOR WINDOWS 95 ! So , heads up ! If you do n't have Windows 95 , DO N'T PURCHASE IT !
 I have taught preschool computer lab for two years and have used this software occasionally with my 3-5 year old students . For whatever reason , my students just do n't seem to like this game . Students will play it if there is no other choice but are ready to move to another game as soon as the opportunity arrises.I like the software and the overall presentation , but something just does n't click with my students , so I do n't load this game often.NOTE
 Our 2 1/2 year old plays this game but we keep asking `` what were these people thinking ? '' They seem to have put all their effort into making fancy graphics , not into planning the games . In the Piglet game , kids color a picture , but if choose colors creatively , Pooh admonishes them `` I do n't think that 's what Piglet has in mind '' and they are not allowed to move on until they 've copied the model picture exactly . This is just awful ! In the Tigger game , kids have to click on a blueprint to make a sound -LRB- a very nonintuitive connection -RRB- and then remember that sound while they click on three weird machines to find the one that makes the same sound . Why did n't they have the music play automatically instead of making that weird blueprint ? Why did n't they do songs kids know so it would be easier to remember ? Why did n't they use real instruments so kids could learn what violins , flutes , etc. sound like instead of made-up machines ? The Kanga and Roo game is , if possible , even worse . Here kids have to consult an alphabet card where some of the letters are greyed out , click on noodle letters that match the grey ones , and put them into the soup . First of all , it 's very difficult for a toddler to understand that she has to look at one alphabet but click another - she intuitively just wants to click on the one she 's looking at . Second , why make the chosen letters grey , which looks too much like the black , instead of a contrasting color ? Third , when you put the noodles in the soup , they just sink in and disappear - very distressing for a toddler , who wonders where they 've gone.These desigers really do n't understand how toddlers think - they overdesigned the graphics and ignored the logic . The graphics * are * good , and the Pooh , Rabbit , and Owl games are fine , so I am still giving it two stars , but they need to redo the other games .
 I did n't really get to play the game with my 3yr old that much because it really hurt my eyes just to look at it . We have a 21 '' inch monitor for the 3 1/2 yr old , and the ridiculous game only plays in 640 x 480 at 60 hz !!! For those who do n't know , 60 hz HURTS YOUR EYES ! I tried in vain to look for registry entries & INI files to change it manually , but could not . To my dismay , I found once you exited the game , & restored the previous resolution you had before getting into the game , but changed my refresh rate back to 60 hz . I tried hooking up a spare 17 '' monitor & even installed it on my HTPC -LRB- Home Theater PC , it 's hooked up to my 52 '' DLP TV -RRB- . It still hurt my eyes on the 17 '' monitor & it looked screwy on the TV because it screwed with the refresh rate . After an hour & a half , and an ` eye splitting ' headache , I decided to chuck the very poorly written program . I 'm really peeved that it does n't provide an advance config separate from the program to make it easy to change settings . It would make sense , set the login for Limited Access , give the toddler a few desktop icons of her favorite games , disable the start menu button , and let her go to town ; of course have a separate config button to change the settings to match that monitor & perhaps other settings . They do n't even have a way to update the program , assuming the original team even provides updates for the game . This game was really just a quick wham bam thank you ma'am product to fill a niche , becaues they knew parents would buy it on namesake alone . It really is a very poorly written program.I was quite sad after this because I lost out on $ 20 bucks & my daughter really LOVES Pooh -LRB- I do n't want her to play , because I 'm sure that her eyes are more sensitive than mine -RRB- . Too bad most of these child games are badly written . We 'll just stick to Dora , Caliou -LRB- sp ? -RRB- , & Barbie games , which are n't great , but I do n't remember the refresh rate being a problem .
 this program is the one of thr worst I have bought ! i bought it for my son who is almost 3 because in the box it is written for 2-4 year olds . If your kid has n't mastered his mouse skills yet it is impossible for him to do it by himself . Another dissapontment was the final birthday party . We worked so hard with him to get there . and guess what ... pooh has mixed things up and it was n't eeore 's birthday afterall -LRB- so no candles no cake -RRB- but any day spent with friends is a party !!!! my son was crieing and begging me to put a cake and candles there ! It was total dissapointment . I also did n't like that piglets pictures had to be colored how piglet wanted them to be . -LRB- this was the only thing he could do without my help but the colors were different so I had to change them to the `` proper '' ones to be able to paint the next picture -RRB- kanga 's alphabet soup was fun - we liked it a lot . tigers music machine was also lots of fun Owls house little boring-my son showed no interest . In my opinion this software should n't be suggested to the kids under 4 because , firstly it is almost impossible for them to do it by themselves , neither they understand the joke how pooh mixes up the bithday party . Would never have bought it if I had known this .
 This game is nice , kids like it.However , it uses 4.5 GIG of hard drive -LRB- no kidding -RRB- and when you shut it down , it does n't reset your graphics back to the original settings . This forces you to reboot unless you want to look at windows drop-downs in `` black and white '' mode . Also , I could do without watching the 2 minutes of credits with no ability to click through at the end .
 The learning games are satisfactory but the product itself is very low tech . It forces your screen resolution down to 480x640 and only 256 colors . If the game hangs up -LRB- often -RRB- your monitor is left at low res . They did not disable the Windows key on the keyboard and anyone with a child knows this key is hit often . It hangs up the game.You are forced to run the program from the CD , no Hard Disk only install . If you have more than one Disney Interactive CD , you are left constantly changing CDs because we know how our kids love to change games in the middle.There are 2 minutes of credits at the end of the game that you can not bypass when exiting the game.C ` mon Disney . Your product is stuck in the early 90s . Get with the progam -LRB- pun intended -RRB- .
 THAT SAYS IT ALL ! I DO NOT HAVE ANYTHING ELSE TO SAY ABOUT THISPROGRAM ITWAS SO MESSED UP-VERY DIFFICULT TO EAL WITH .
 First I want to say that the delivery of the product went as promised so I give a good grade there.However , in the Amazon listing there was no system requirements listed . I have Windows 7 on my laptop , this program will not work with Windows 7 at all . I tried several different compatibility modes and can not get the program to load . For that I give a failing grade . The seller should have listed the System requirements rather than list the program as no system .
 I bought this to support my grandson in his typing skills . I 'm sure it would have been a great tool for him but the graphics are too sophisticated for any of our computers -LRB- and they 're not that old -RRB- . I recommend you carefully look at the graphics required before purchasing this item .
 Do n't buy this software if you have telephony software or multiple sound drivers installed on your computer!The product will not operate without selecting the `` game '' sound driver thereby disabling your software!My nine year old could make this change each time she wants to play but what 's the fun in that?The software is flawed and now we another rather expensive `` toy '' cd to play with , including the 2nd day air!This error is generated when the program queries the system for the sound card -LRB- primary sound device -RRB- but finds another sound device driver -LRB- Voice Modem , Intel Virtual Wave Device , KA Virtual Wave -RRB- instead . The program requires a sound card that supports Stereo -LRB- 2 channels -RRB- at 22,050 Hz 16 bit . These incompatible device drivers cause the conflict because the program finds that the device driver on the voice modem or other device does not support the 22,050 Hz 16 bit required by the program , resulting in the error message . The error can be eliminated by changing the preferred sound device or by disabling the driver that is causing the conflict . Refer to the procedures below so the program can be run properly without displaying the error . Some of the most common drivers that experience this issue follow : Voice Modem Serial Wave Driver TAM Audio Driver KA Virtual Sound DriverA . Change the preferred device to `` Game Compatible `` B. Disable the Voice Modem Serial Wave DriverC . Disable the KA Virtual Sound DriverD . Disable the ` Intel Virtual Wave Device ' driver
 I will wait untill the game comes out in Win2000 , or WinXP . I have an old one that worked on my old computer and the game was fun . Now it 's worthless . I will sell it for a penny but no one will buy it . I thought Disney was in the business to make a profit once in a while . Everybody wants to teach their kids how to type in this computer age , and this is the only game around . And it dose n't work on the the current model computers .
 While this program appears to be cute and engaging at the onset , it quickly becomes very boring . My daughter likes the ONE game , but ca n't get past the first row of typing because it 's so monotanous . There is nothing to challenge her to keep going and improving - no incentive . Just more boring repetition like we had to do in high-school .
 At first I was very excited to get this CD from the company since my son is dyslexic and a teacher told me this was a great way to help him . It came quickly in the mail and the first time I used it , it worked fine . But the next time I loaded it , the CD did n't work at all so I 'm very disappointed of course . The computer screen just turned all different colors and it was obvious that it was a bad quality CD . I would and should have returned it , but obviously for the price I paid , it really did n't make sense to go and pay shipping or make the extra trip to the post office for this . Still if the company happens to read this , I would be very appreciative if they felt that they could just find my past information and mail me another one of these Disney 's Adventures in Typing programs that actually works . If not , than I guess I learned my lesson to try to only buy new CD 's from now on .
 I have had a terrible time getting this program to run . It constantly shuts down or comes up with errors . It was a total waste of money as far as I am concerned .
 I was under the mistaken impression that this video would train a new person in how to use the Street Pilot III . I purchased the Street Pilot III from Amazon.com and this video popped up as a recommended additional purchase . The video is only a few minutes long and is only intended on introducing store sales people on what it is , not how it works . I would not even recommend it for the intended audience since the first time someone asks you a question about the product you will be stumped unless you read the directions to gain familiarity with the unit .
 If you want to pay extra in order to beta-test an always buggy system , this is the operating system for you . The forums are very good , there is always a herd of loyal followers in the forums , talking about all the bugs they 're dealing with , always something to fix.They started as the OS that will be able to run any Windows program . A goal forgotten once they collected everyone 's money and woke up from a drunken stupor realizing they could n't figure out how to do what had been promised.Then it was the OS with a ballsy name that poked a finger in Microsoft 's eye . But now the name Lindows is no more . They acted as if it were principle , principle easily abandoned once they cashed in.Now they announce the impending release of 5.0 ... the version that might actually run properly most of the time . With the promise it will be the first linux distribution with Reiser4FS . Prepare to be disappointed again people -LRB- after paying up , of course -RRB- ... Reiser4FS wo n't be there . Do n't forget to waste some money on a SIPPhone , so you can call nobody.This is like a cult movement or something . Does the consumer really want to switch OS 's 1-2x per year ? Get a professional linux distro or stick with M$ ... unless you have unlimited time and money to play with .
 When this product was first released it was very state of the art and informative . However , it has not been updated or improved in about 15 years , which makes it pretty obsolete for this day in age . You may want to research more and perhaps buy a more current medical program .
 I like the spamkiller ok but it requires you to run McAfee Security Center which is an entirely different program that tells you what virus , hacker , abuse and spam software products you have and then tells you why their products are better than whatever you have and why you should give them money right away . It requires you to run this program all the time ! a wasteful use of RAM ! If you try to run the uninstaller , it says you must uninstall spamkiller and any of their other products first ! You have to run this program if you want the spamkiller ! If you disable it at the windows startup then you get an annoying window every 7 minutes saying it has been more than 7 days since security center has been able to check in with them ! This is like SPYWARE to me - not a program that prevents spying but one that actually spies on what all programs you have and constantly reports that information to McAfee so they can constantly bombard you with why you need to give them money to change to their products ! BEWARE .
 I have tried a couple of other anti-spam programs that run inside MS Outlook . This one runs seperately and is just one huge burden to operate . It even managed to lock up XP Pro operating system . It is a terrible product and I am so disgusted by it I am going to cancel my McAfee virus program also .
 A typical `` you have to set the rules '' piece of software . First of all , SpamKiller sits between your e-mail program and your server . When you D/L your e-mail , SpamKiller gets it first . YOU then have to decide what to let through and what not to let through . Quite honestly , I could do that just by letting my e-mail program D/L the mail and then look through it . By the time you set up enough `` rules '' so that SpamKiller automatically junks that e-mail , you have started to eliminate mail you want . I say `` no go '' on this one .
 I installed this product under Windows 98 and immediately had aproblem . When running the check mail feature , it would slowlyeat up virtual memory until the swap file was > 1GB andI had to kill the process . . This could , of course , be a configuration issuerather than a problem with the product but the real problem started when I tried to get help . Barring paying their supportline to get their product to work , the only recourse appears to be a chat line . I spent an hour on the chat line performing steps which it was obvious to me were n't the problem . The mostannoying part was that some of these steps required a reboot and thus reconnect to the chat and when I did that , I was told the person I spoke to a minute earlier was `` gone for the day '' . This happened twice in an hour forcing me to start all over and describe the problem and what had been tried , etc. until I finally gave up on them and the product .
 Installed the software and it completely reconfigured my Outlook Express , while not helping immediately with the spam . Filters were for individual messages so each new message would have it 's own filter - why bother ? Probably a good program but I do n't have the time to put into it . A program like this should run seamlessly ! It also installed Mcaffe security center which constantly pestered me and could n't be turned off or uninstalled without uninstalling Spamkiller !! I have uninstalled everything and will put up with the spam until they get it right .
 A typical `` you have to set the rules '' piece of software . First of all , SpamKiller sits between your e-mail program and your server . When you D/L your e-mail , SpamKiller gets it first . YOU then have to decide what to let through and what not to let through . Quite honestly , I could do that just by letting my e-mail program D/L the mail and then look through it . By the time you set up enough `` rules '' so that SpamKiller automatically junks that e-mail , you have started to eliminate mail you want . I say `` no go '' on this one .
 This is the type of product that makes you scratch your head wondering whether it was worth the purchase or not . It really does n't add much beyond the normal filtering capabilities of MS Outlook or Outlook Express . You have to invest the time to set up rules for filtering in order to make it halfway decent . There 's nothing to distinguish it from the plethora of other anti-spam software out there.McAfee recently purchased the rights to a competing anti-spam product , which many feel is a superior product -LRB- Spam Assassin -RRB- . Hopefully they will use the technology to improve on Spamkiller in the future .
 I wasted over eight hours trying to get this software to work properly . It frezzes up on certain spam , typically large emails . I sent an email to McAfee which was unanswered . It is MUCH easier to manually delete my own spam . I removed this software from my system and use Outlook filters only . A waste of money .
 Spamkiller has been very unstable . I 've reinstalled it over 20 times , because it stops loading after a while . Also , it no longer is importing my Outlook addresses . The tech support chat is not much help .
 This software is awful . Yes , it does everything the advertisement says , but that 's it . No background options , the help menu is very basic , no design tutorials to get you started . Very basic program , I 'm very disappointed .
 I purchased this review cd a few months before I graduated from paramedic school with the intent of using it to review for both the class final and the state exam . It took nearly three weeks to arrive , which is somewhat understandable since it 's not an Amazon product . The questions were elementary with a low difficulty level that really did not compare to the format of the actual state exam . While purchase of this cd is good for someone who wants to brush up on their paramedic knowledge base , it may not be the best for individuals who only begin reviewing for a state or national exam a week or two before the test date . Additionally , the new ACLS and CPR guidelines are not included and the med math questions are of minimal help in test preparation . Conclusively , I recommend this book to the more seasoned medic reviewing for a promotional exam or a refresher course more so than for the new medic studying for a licensure exam .
 This was an ok game . It was n't as good as the other games I have played . It had a fun plot , but it got kind of boring as I continued to play it . The `` 3-Days '' idea got a little annoying after a while . But , still this game pretty good .
 This game is so boring . All you do is try to find things and get the mystery solved before it is too late . It 's hard to even get a few clues and the person who got most clues were my baby sistter who is older then me !!!!!! Plese do not waist your money on this game .
 I gave this as a present to my Wife , but shecould n't get past the first level , running under WIn 98SE .
 I was hesitant about buying any of these Nancy Drew CD-ROMs because I was never any good at solving the mysteries in the books . The only reason I finally decided to purchase one of them was because the package said that the game had built in hints if you wanted them . That statement is completely misleading . The only built in hints the game has is Bess , Ned , and George telling you to question all of the suspects . I 'm not so stupid that I ca n't figure out on my own that I should question the suspects . The hints on the company 's website was of no help to me . I was able to do on my own what the website tells you to do . The stupid company does n't give hints to the harder clues because they want you to buy their solution guide . Which I admit I 'll probably end up buying it , if I do n't get mad and break the cd first , but I know one thing . The Final Scene is my first and last of their products that I will buy .
 I found this game to be a big disappointment . There were n't enough puzzles and the game was too short . I also found the identity of the kidnapper to be painfully obvious from Day 1 . It 's worth buying if you 're a huge fan of these games but I ca n't recommend it very highly to those who are n't .
 This game was a little too hard for my tastes . Despite the fact that I played at the junior level I managed to get killed shortly after starting out . I also had to restart the game to figure out what my room number was because once I left the room I could n't find my way back -LRB- all the corridors look alike -RRB- . So far I 've fallen down an elevator shaft , gotten caught breaking and entering , been crushed by an elevator , frozen to death and been hit over the head ... I 've got to ask is this really appropriate for children ?
 I purchased this program mainly to manage investments and determine capital gains . What a mistake ! It 's incredibly cumbersome and repetitive for data entry . Moreover , it 's very difficult to troubleshoot and reconcile account balances . Making it even more annoying , it continues to push you toward other Microsoft products and even has advertising for non-MS companies . You purchase the software but then you have to endure advertising ? This is Microsoft at its worst .
 I got disappointed by the added functionality . It is not worth paying -LRB- price -RRB- when you already have MS money 2000 . Bill screen is worse than 2000 . Disappointed ...
 Money 2002 corrected some of the calculating errors in Money 2001 such as bills not being included in the budget report even though they appear on the budget screen . However , the performance in the budgetting section is HORRIBLE . It takes my computer 30 seconds to make even the slightest change to the budget . Apparently it 's related to the number of bills you have . I was so frustrated I switched back to 2001 . I would rather live with faulty reports than spend an eternity trying to generate an accurate budget . Money 2002 still does n't total columns in the investment reports either , so I keep having to get out the calculator to find out if my tax forms match the data on the computer ! What 's the point of using a computer ?!
 The only major thing I learned about money from Money 2002 Deluxe is that buying it is a waste of money . It is user unfriendly , has a confusing layout and the `` automatic '' retrieval of information from the internet worked for less than half the accounts I put in the software.Another `` fun '' thing was that the first time I set up all my accounts , budget etc. , the Money file was saved to a folder on the LAN network - even though I was not connected to it at the time . I should have realized this , of course , but I did n't . Next time I tried to access the file it was not found , neither on the network , nor on the hard drive.Money 2002 Deluxe is good for two things : Cardio exercise - because it will definitely raise your blood pressure and heart rate whenever you use it , andIt will make your wallet a lighter and more comfortable fit in your pocket . .
 As I am normally from the ` fly by the seat of your pants ' school of finance , it seemed like a great idea to try to organize things . So I purchased Money 2002 . After using it for about a month , I have just uninstalled it . While it works well sometimes , it does n't have the flexibility that I need and flat-out messes things up sometimes.I had some problems initially setting up all of my accounts and assets , and had to delete and start over occasionally . I eventually did manage to get everything set up . I found that the budgeting and investing tools did seem to work pretty well . In my estimation , those are the high points of this package.The credit card accounts seemed to have major problems . I managed to get one of my cards ' account working correctly , but the other was just plain wrong . Even after downloading its information from the internet.The main problem I had with this program is that , after downloading transactions from my bank for my checking account , Money would match them to the wrong transaction in my register . This was particularly a problem with ATM withdrawals , but happened with checks as well . Then it would not give you the option to change them , you could only click ` accept ' , even if you knew it was wrong . Why even give me an option if it 's my only option ? Once you clicked accept , because you had to , it would delete the original transaction you had in your register , subsequently messing up the entire account.Then , after the 1st of the year , I received a rebate from my 401 -LRB- k -RRB- because I had over-contributed . How in the world do I go back and reconcile that with last year 's contributions that Money thinks I made ? I have no idea . It 's income that I received this year , but really just a rebate of income that I had last year . And taxable now to boot.This program might work well for people who have relatively simple finances , if they would fix the matching of downloaded transactions to what you 've entered into the register . But it 's definitely not for me .
 In Money 2002 , the all-important task of creating and sending electronic payments has become a massive headache . In all recent versions , regular payments were a snap to set up . If your electronic payments , called Epays , were set up in advance , each one could be recorded and batched to send to your bank later . In 2002 , Money prompts you to log into your service provider everytime you record a payment . It requires multiple clicks and dealing with a succession of annoying pop-up windows to continue . The time to pay bills has at least tripled ! Money fans should stick with 2001 until Microsoft fixes this .
 The Money upgrade uninstalled my Norton firewall . I was prompted before it did this , but the explanation was not clear and if I had know that it was going to uninstall the firewall completely I would not have upgraded . Combine this with the Passport integration , and I start to become suspicious about whether Microsoft is respecting my financial privacy . I was already concerned by the fact that it is difficult if not impossible to shut off instant messaging , and this makes things only worse . I 've been a Money user since ' 96 , but I do n't know know much longer .
 I purchased Money 2002 as an upgrade to Money 2000 . . Now I 'm wishing I would have stuck with 2K . The biggest grip I have is the fact that on every page there 's advertisments for MS partners or MSN etc. . If that 's not bad enough , everytime you update Money from the Internet you get these nice icons placed on your desktop for Ameritrade and such . . Delete them and next time you update there back . If MS wants to sale ad space by placing ads on it 's products and forcing users to live with their desktop setting the way MS wants it to be , then the product should be free . . Kinda like those `` Free '' Internet service providers ... But then again , MS tends to force it 's users to live with a lot . Secondly , if your like me -LRB- pay check to pay check -RRB- knowing what bills lie between those pay checks is a must . In Money 2000 this was a sinch , just glance at the detailed view and your set , in 2002 it 's a lot harder . You still get the detailed view , but it 's a slimmer `` simpler '' view , you do get the nifty calander at the bottom , so to view what falls between different paydays , you have to click on each of the bolded days and scratch down the bills on a piece of paper . My overall suggestion , if your using an older release , stick with it . 2002 Upgrade is a waste of money .
 If you already use Money 2001 or earlier , this upgrade is , for the most part , a waste of your time and cash . A recent Money 2001 user , I was immediately attracted to the new feature of 2002 that automatically updates account register information . This , I thought , was worth the upgrade alone since I would no longer have to spend time downloading all of my account information . Hey , it would be done for me ! How easy could this get ? What I found out was that in order to use this nifty feature I would have to pay my bank $ 2.95 per month to interface with Money . And , this only covered 10 downloads . Additional downloads would be 50-cents each . Because Money automatically updates your registers each time you open it , this could get costly . Imagine , if I did n't want to get charged more than my monthly fee , I would only be able to open money 10 times ! This was ridiculous since I am already able to download my statements for free . So , check before you buy because this is really a financial institution 's rule and not money . If you will not incur any charges to use the background banking feature , then I would say go for it . If , on the other hand you have to dip into your account , better stay with Money 2001 . Rather annoying with this edition is the passport sign-in . Others have complained about it and I thought it would be something I could get used to . But , it is aggravating and I would have preferred a choice of whether to utilize my passport account . In the end though , Money is a fantastic program and worth checking out . Only , if you 're a current user or even brand new to financial software , save cash and aggravation by purchasing 2001 . Do your homework ! You 'll be glad you did .
 Just some facts :1 . If I do n't want to register the software , please leave me alone .2 . I do n't want to become passport member and do n't want that server to have my information .3 . I do NOT want to see any ADs in my `` paid '' software !
 I have been using Money since 95 , and have always upgraded to the `` latest and greatest '' There was only one new feature I liked , that was being able to show online bill payees only if desired . I do not like Moneyside , it is pesty and a worthless addition . I do n't like the browser reconfiguration , or the flagging of Hotmail/Passport account , but the item that bothers me the most is in the check register . When downloading transactions the program is easily confused and does n't find many existing entries.I thought it was me at first , as I could n't beleive it . After much comtemplation , I deceided to wipe my hard disk and go back to either Money 2000 or Quicken 2001 . I also have Money 2001 but had negitive experences with that . I ended going with Money 2000 Deluxe . In my opinion , the very best Money program Microsoft ever made . Quicken also performs fine but for me is a bit bulkier and less convienient . Microsoft has shifted directions on many products , and I am now giving other products a much closer look .
 When I upgraded from a previous version of Money I was prompted to let the upgrade change my Norton firewall settings . Turned out the upgrade uninstalled the firewall completely . Why was it necessary to do this , and who would have been responsible if my system had been breached while the firewall was down?I do n't like the direction Microsoft is going . Installers that remove security and Passport integration that is not easy to turn off -LRB- despite what Help says -RRB- give me the sense that Money has crossed the line from being helpful to being intrusive . I will be keeping a very close eye on Microsoft software from now on .
 I 'm having exactly the same problem others are reporting . Money 2002 Deluxe Home and Business is easily confused by downloaded transactions . By consolidating the Accept/Change for downloaded transactions in the live check register , the designers of this product have created a basically fatal flaw in the software which now has left me showing `` 1 Transaction to Review '' but its not in the register -LRB- and I can no longer see it on the downloaded statement as you could with earlier versions of Money to find it -RRB- . Apparently because of this flaw , I can no longer download current statements from the bank ! I 've used Money for 4 years now with different versions , the best was Money 2000 ; this is by far the worst . Both my wife and I who have been Money fans up to this point , are very unhappy with this release of Microsoft Money . DO N'T BUY OR UPGRADE TO THIS RELEASE OF MICROSOFT MONEY !!! We 're basically at the point of either wiiping Money 2002 off the computer to go back to the 2000 version or replacing it with QuickBooks .
 After spending 3 months diligently entering data into Money 2002 deluxe , I began to have problems . First , a message ` please reload Money , a file named REPORT.DLL is missing ' . Huh ? I tried to reload but the same message still exist everytime I log in.Then came the nightmare . I have set up all my accounts online so I can download statements from banks , brokerages etc. . After 2 months of smooth downloads however , I was unable to download statements ! A message saying that I need a later version of Microsoft 's strong encryption and a hyperlink to take me there . Fine . I followed the hyperlink and it was a dead link . I tried to look up strong encryption in both Money 's site and the software 's help section but could not find anything.I 've always heard that Microsoft 's products are buggy . Now I am convinced . Save you money and skip this one . I think bill gates want us to beta test his products for free
 I converted to MS Money after 5 years with Quicken . I love the interface -- it seems like no matter what you want to do , a button for it is right where you 's expect it to be , and the overall workflow is much easier than Quicken . But I 've had lots of problems with online access , specifically trying to sync with moneycentral , which ultimately led to my portfolio being corrupted . After much interaction with MS tech support , they have finally recommended that I re-install Win 98 , and I may have lost the last four months worth of data . I recommend that any potential buyer check out the microsoft.public.money newsgroup before purchasing . There are lots of problems out there , you need to decide if this risk outweighs a potentially superior product .
 Lets face it , unless you 're the type that spends a lot of time sitting around finding different way to count your money , there are really only a couple of useful features for the average busy person . At least two of the features I had come to rely in the past have been redesigned requiring a rethinking on my part of how I track my expenses . In particular , the `` bills and deposits '' facility used to provide a way to do `` what ifs '' on due bills , projected up to twelve months . That functionality no longer exists , at least not in any intuitive way that I can find . The closest thing is some kind of budget planner and separate cash flow forecasting tool , neither of which is very interactive . And , trying to find a telephone number for support or even a `` feedback '' email was a supremely frustrating exercise.Also , the initial user interface is loaded with links to other Microsoft services and advertisements . There are more links to stuff to buy then there are menu options to manage your finances . Much like paying for a movie and getting hit with ads - lots of ` em.Lastly , with all these offers to manage my account and pay bills online , my first reaction is ; why the heck would I want to let big brother know about my finances and spending habits ? Sure there 's probably some level of security built in but there are also encryption keys and certainly overall statistics are surly being gathered . Perhaps Microsoft should be giving the software away free since they 're being provided with valuable marketing data . By the way Big Brother just passed the anti-terrorism laws ... . Heellooo!I have been using this product for years and now find I am going to have to look for something new . Perhaps roll back to and older version for awhile or roll my own . Either that or Microsoft needs to `` get a clue ''
 In addition to the annoyances others have observed , Money 2002 on an AMD-K6 / 450mhz with lots of ram takes an extraordinary time do think about what it is doing , e.g. , reconciling simple downloaded transactions.I 'm very impressed that some reviewers have had a good experience ! This program is certainly not for everybody !
 For the basic functions of keeping a checkbook type of register , watching stocks , and setting/monitoring a budget , this product has worked fine for me . It has , however , some glitches.The one glitch that is currently plaguing me is the `` Cash Flow '' projection graph . This function takes a look at what you have in your scheduled payments/deposits and displays a projected daily balance over a set period -LRB- user defined -RRB- using a shaded line graph . A nice idea if you diligently have all of your anticipated bills and deposits set up in the program , which I did . Using the Cash Flow review , you could figure out whether you could afford that stereo next month or the following month.The problem is , apparently , sometimes the bills/deposits file gets corrupted and then the graph will not display at all . I visited the MS site , found the precise problem in the knowledge database , and went through all of the methods MS provided . It was to no avail , and my Cash Flow function is now non-functional . Even a re-install did n't work . The best I can tell , I will have to completely set up a new finance file from scratch , re-enter all of my info , balances , etc. , in order to cure the problem -LRB- which apparently is a corrupted file -RRB- . There are other issues such as a very cumbersome and quirky debt reduction planner , but the Cash Flow graph is my most current , and therefore , my most aggravating . Based on that , I can only give this product two stars . I 'll be switching back to Quicken within the next few months .
 So far , I have n't run into anything besides minor annoyances . The only saving grace for my upgrade from Money 2001 was the price after rebate -- free.So far , my biggest problem with 2002 is the constant effort to direct me to Passport and MSN . Internet Explorer pops up a `` MoneySide '' sidebar that I finally figured out how to turn off after over a month . I ca n't say how much I resent this `` feature . '' I would prefer to pay retail price for a product that wo n't advertise constantly.The only new feature I find myself using is customizing the `` home page . '' It 's a very nice feature , but I 'm not sure if it was worth the aggravation I experienced in my first month.From my perspective , upgrading from 2001 would not have been worth it if I had to pay anything over -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- .
 I 've been using Quicken for nearly 10 years and decided to switch . At first I was impressed with Money 2002 and decided to scrap Quicken.Now , whenever I attempt to download information from my bank or brokerage Money crashes . Repeated messages , calls to Microsoft support do n't help . They constantly suggest reinstalling many aspects of the OS , IE , etc. . Which I did , and it still does n't work.The support people have the typical attitude that you do n't have a clue and that their software would never be the problem.After extensive debugging with Visual C++ I found a conflict between a device driver on my Toshiba and Money . If I run in `` dumb mode '' on Win Pro 2K , it works . Once I run with all the device drivers that are required for the notebook computer to be useful , it fails.MS Support is unwilling to elevate issues to development . They have a `` until we get around to it '' attitude . Guess that 's what you get with mass market software .
 If Money 2002 was half the product of the 2000 version , I 'd rate it a buy . Unfortunately , it is not only an inferior product , but in many cases it permanently bars the road back to the far superior offerings of the past . It is not even a simple system issue ; the only path to recovery entails getting a new Social Security number.If you have a working version of MS Money , stand clear of this nightmare .
 i purchased money02 deluxe and find it to be a waste of money . I have had a difficult time managing anything and keeping track of anything . I find it is not user friendly , and a seemingly stubborn peice of software . What I mean by stubborn is if your particular financial situation happens to be somewhat out of the norm then good luck attempting to enter it in money02 deluxe .
 Have read all reviews for MS Money 2002 and Quicken Deluxe and can only say this Oh My God please let me stay with Money 2000 . My Credit Union says download with Quicken . Money 2000 does not recognize it . I am happy with MS Money 2000 , can track all moneymatters with ease . If it is n't broke , do n't fix it .
 This has got to be the biggest waste of time I have ever come across . This program does a great job of replacing a check book and a spiral notebook and it only costs -LRB- ... -RRB- ! It has no features for small business applications and is a real pain to set up . Just imagine an IRS audit only not as fun.The customer service from Microsoft on this product is laughable.The best feature about Microsoft Money Suite 2002 is that you save -LRB- ... -RRB- if you do n't buy it.I gave this prouct 1 star because there is nothing lower .
 If you use Money to make electronic payments through your bank , 2002 is a huge step backwards . Through an inexplicable design error , gone is the ability to quickly queue up a series of electronic payments and then connect to your ISP and send the payments in a single batch . Do n't the Money software designers know how the banks work ? Many financial institutions charge by the connection and it takes a minute or two per connection to send your payments and get a response . If you do n't use Epays , Money 2002 is a great product . Otherwise , wait for a new release or a patch .
 I upgraded from Money 2001 standard to get the delux features.The user interface was changed slightly , but I found no particular user interface advantages to the changes . I reallydislike the passport login reminders and I do n't care for the MoneySide feature , an Explorer plug-in that pulls up your financial information while you browse the web . Given recent security problems with Microsoft 's products , I want my financial information as far from the web interface as possible . I can not seem to disable MoneySide also , but its inactive since I never registered for a passport account anyway -LRB- I hope -RRB- . I also do n'tcare for the integration of shopping services with this product either , but they are easily ignored . I also seem to have a hard time getting balancing my accounts with downloading account information . It appears that Money is easily confused and adds additional transactions that replicate existing transactions . This has potiential tax reprocussions.I like the portfolio tracking part , and some of the other features , but its not worth the money they charge for the product in my opinion . You should rank the features and how important they are to you to decide if this product is worth the price . I give it two stars because of the passport and moneysidefeatures and also because of the extra fluff that gets in the way of what I really want to do with this software . The basic functionality appears to be reasonably good .
 Are you looking for a personal finance software?Read this first before you buy it!I have been using MS Money for several years , and here 's what I think about the recent Money 2002 Deluxe.There 's several flaws in this products and some people who have been using previous Money are complaining about it . Their argument is that it cause conflict with their hardware and software in their system.I have read many reviews about this product and some people are not happy with MS Money at all ; `` MS Money deleted my Norton Anti-virus software '' , `` My AMD 500mhz is running very slow after I installed Money 2002 '' , `` I had to wiped-out my hard drive , because money cause many problems with my system '' , `` Money cause conflict with my Norton firewall '' , Etc. . . Also , there are many people who had a unpleasant experiences with Money 2002 Deluxe ; `` Passport sucks , I have a problems background downloading my financial statement '' , `` Why do I have to sign-up for passport where MS is tracking your every move when you are on the net '' , `` The Budget Planner NEVER get it right , and there 's no way to correct it '' , `` Warning , Money 2002 Deluxe can only download per transation vs previous version for batch download '' , `` There are too many AD that are popping-out on MS Money 2002 Deluxe '' , `` It 's pain in the butt to see the window popping out everytime you turn on money asking you to sign-up for a passport account '' , `` The download bank statement are INCORRECT ! '' , `` I spent many hours just to set-up Money 2002 Deluxe , only to delete it and start all over again , too many flaws !!! '' , Etc. . . Here 's my advice ; if you are looking for a good personal finance software today , there 's none ! You need to wait for something better , do it yourself , or hire a bookkeeper.If none of the above , then go with MS Money or Quicken.It 's your pick !
 i have been a loyal money user . once you start with either money or quicken , you are pretty much locked in to continue using the same product . 2002 money has been the poorest upgrade yet . it is interesting to see what improvements microsoft implements and what they end up screwing up all at the same time . i will be returning 2002 money for a refund . the one feature i can not live without was removed . in the scheduled bills area you can not highlight upcoming bills and see your account balance . i removed 2002 and am back with 2001 money .
 It 's lacking the vary basics , like how many days are in a month and so ... but if you like to play games about greek and norse mythology , and would like to know the islamic or jewish calendars , you will enjoy this software . I just wanted to learn the days , weeks and so on , but it does n't teach about that .
 I am thoroughly disappointed in this . I did n't even play this game . I got it for my sister for her birthday and she could n't even play for 5 minutes without getting bored ! I am extremely baffled because she 's a young child , supposedly what this is suited for , and she even said it was boring ! My god , this is a first ! A 6 year old child not liking an entertaining kid 's game . In a way though , I 'm not surprised at all , this game is the most ridiculous thing they have ever even had the nerve to put in stores ! Take it from me , this game is very , VERY boring . Do n't waste your money . Believe me , all I did was watch my sister play and even I got bored with it ! Not worth the $ $ $ at all !
 There are other recording programs that do a fantastic job that cost about the same and not nearly this complicated .
 Mandatory driver signing renders this OS incompatible with just about any audio/video hardware you have , all for the sake of DRMming the entire signal stream . Crippleware at its finest .
 This OS has many problems . It has very limited drivers , simple things like binding a second address to a NIC just does n't work , explorer inexplicably consuming 1.5 gigs of RAM , etc , etc , etc. . I finally had to put my old XP machine back in service and I find myself using it over half of the time . If all you need to do is word processing , sending emails , watch videos and surf the web this is a good OS . However , if that is all you need to do you do n't need Vista 64 bit . If I were to buy my new computer again I would have paid for the XP downgrade and waited until Windows 7 comes out . XP was a very stable and easy to use OS , Vista is not and does n't look like it ever will be .
 I was quite disappointed with this product as it is poorly supported by device manufacturers.Old hardware you might as well throw away if you purchase this.The Hardware to support this is just now getting to the market with drivers being released only now.Using this for an HTPC is an odd combo as the desktop is not very nice on a tv but Media center is outstanding on a tv . It makes you wonder if the desktop is going away eventually.If you lie DIY projects this is a big one . have fun
 ... and that 's all she wrote , folks.Vista is the worst investment I ever made . I would gladly switch back to Windows XP at any time , but then my 8GB of Ram wo n't be detected and the computer definitely would n't run to it 's full capacity . Perhaps that 's the only appeal of Vista at this point ... being able to run so much Ram that no one is actually going to need for another 4 years -LRB- and yes I 'm guilty of it too -RRB- . I have had nothing but problems with this OS since the day it was installed.If you 're looking to purchase the 64-bit Windows Vista package , make sure that you do n't need your computer for anything important . I can get nothing to work on this computer at all . Everything you have probably heard about Vista 's compatibility issues is true ... virtually everything I 've tried to use so far has not worked . This includes important peripherals and necessary programs . With my previous computer dying of old age and the tremendous deal on OEM parts on NewEgg , I figured Vista was definitely the way to go . I am so badly regretting that decision now . We use my wife 's 5 year old Dell laptop as the primary computer now since my Vista desktop is basically only good for gaming and nothing else.Here 's a list of all the things that are thus far incompatible with Vista . This is all from first-hand experience : - Dell Printers - Limewire - Olympus Digital Cameras - Canon Digital Camera - Various types of USB optical mouse - Dell Jukebox MP3 Players - I-Pods - I-Tunes - Digital Camcorders - Roughly 80 % of games created pre-2006 -LRB- that I 've tried -RRB- - Various Dell Scanners - Various HP Printers and Scanners - Various USB-related devices - Various speaker systems - And more every dayI had Vista professionally installed ... I do n't know what I 'm doing when it comes to installations like that so I wanted to have it done by someone who knows what they are doing . When I gave the person the parts and Vista , I thought he was joking when he said `` I 'll see you again in about a month when you want to downgrade back to XP . '' If I had only known then what I know now . In one month of owning Vista i 've had nothing but frustration and anger . The only thing it does well is run World of Warcraft , and my wife is thrilled at the amount of space we have for her Real Arcade games.I probably sound like I 'm just whining ... well , I 'm one of the many who have had nothing but problems with Vista . As badly as my old computer was running before it just died , it still was compatible with everything I owned . Since I `` upgraded '' to Vista 64 with my new computer , I have n't been able to print , scan , load pictures onto my computer , or do anything else that any home office NEEDS.Don ' t be an idiot like me and get Vista because you want 8 gigs of ram , which you DO NOT NEED for any logical reason . XP 64 works just as good , and you wo n't have to deal with Vista 's rampant issues . Just think of Vista as the Next `` Windows 2000 '' . Since the new Windows is launching in 2009 , Vista is just another Microsoft stumbling block that 's costing us too much money and wasted time . I 'm glad I bought this trash product OEM and did n't pay full price . This is the worst OS I have ever used . Go with XP and stay away from Vista at all costs .
 Having been somewhat seduced by the corporate hype , I expected a lot better than what I got . the software does n't read half my files ... is slower on the internet than the previous OS . Trying to sort and move files around is a bloody nightmare on occaision ... certainly not straightforward nor simple . It does n't recognize certain photo or video formats . I do n't really understand who this was configured for ?? It 's back to XPS for me .
 I got Vista which was supposed to be compatible . If you are using Visual Studio , creating ASP.Net applications and connecting to Oracle databases you are out-of-luck . No solutions to that one .
 Vista 64-bit home premium came preinstalled on a new laptop . I purposely selected this option because I wanted a laptop that would be current for about five years . Have used it for about 6 weeks now and it 's not as difficult to use as I thought it would be . However , yesterday I ordered a new desktop -- NOT with Vista 64-bit . Am tired of having to upgrade fairly new software just for Vista 64 , tired of not being able to hear streaming music , not being able to use my Slingbox , not being able to see certain HTML effects , and not being able to get help for any of this . I also needed something that would work with my other hardware such as printers , scanners , etc. for which there are no Vista 64-bit drivers . By the time Vista 64-bit is ready , five years will likely have passed . Do n't buy this unless you 're running something that truly needs it or you have another PC that you can count on .
 I have been using Windows Vista Home Premium 64-bit version patiently for several months now . The `` performance indicator '' says my Windows Vista experience is a 5.6 out of a possible 5.9 -- this is supposed to be some indication of how fast my hardware is . So , my hardware is top notch -- brand new HP quad core Phenom 2.4 GHz processor with 8GB of RAM . As a matter of fact , all my hardware gets a 5.9 / 5.9 except my video card . But , as soon as I boot , I notice the OS is using 1.5 GB of RAM , before I touch anything . If I leave Internet Explorer open , it has a memory leak that gets progressively worse and completely overtakes the system within a few hours . I tried to play a movie , and it struggled to decode it fast enough -- playback suffered immensely.My patience has run out . I 'm reverting back to Windows XP , or at least installing a dual boot configuration , because this machine is just silly slow . I have brand new , top-of-the-line 64-bit hardware and a crazy amount of RAM ; and this machine feels slow . I 'm amazed at how inferior of a product this is .
 This is true of all flavors of Vista . I got it on my new dual-core pavilion , which now runs slower than my old single-core Presario with WindowsXP . The reason is that all actions now have to go through a system subprocess , which REALLY slows things down . The games I play now run at half-speed compared even to much slower processors - so now they 're unplayable . Also , there are a many pieces of software -LRB- like my Palm Sync app -RRB- that simply wo n't run under vista . So if you can avoid it , do n't use it - get WinXP if possible . The problem is Microsoft is trying to force vista on everyone by withdrawing drivers for WinXP from new computer support . If anyone knows where I can get WinXP drivers for my Pavilion dv6325us I would appreciate it if you could tell me !! Then I could dump vista for WinXP . The only nice technical feature I 've found is that it will let you resize partitions - other than that single feature , it 's a leap * backward * in user friendliness and ability from XP .
 The DVD i have to return it due to scrach that dont let it install
 I just got off the phone with Palm -- they have absolutely no products that will be compatible with this Microsoft 64 bit technology . No patches at all , either . So if you have a Palm -- watch out -- it will NOT work with this . Palm says Microsoft issue . You will not be able to use any Palm software at all . That means if you have a palm PDA , it will forever be stuck in the PDA and not go onto your computer at all , if you get this software .
 It seems to protect my computer alright . However I constantly have problems when I startup . It has problems updating , and constantly says my user ID is incorrect . However when I restart several times this gets straight . Also I have to turn off the firewall each time I log on to Hotmail and some other webpages since I still havent figured out how to allow them . Also the parental controls are total crap . It would be nice if it would block what it says it does and if you could put in whatever addresses you wanted .
 I bought the CD last year and had no trouble at all . The product was absolutely wonderful . Then , I downloaded the update from the website this year and had nothing but trouble until I uninstalled it . They did issue a full refund . I may try the physical product again .
 I installed this on a Win 2000 Professional O/S machine , and had nothing but problems with it . First , the processes would suddenly fail with `` internal errors '' and the software 's recommendation would be to resinstall the product . This happened two times and I reinstalled the product each time . Then , the automatic update would stop working , complaining of invalid user ID and/or password , but I had not altered either . It would mysteriously begin working again on it 's own . Tech support 's recomendation was to `` turn off automatic updates '' ! Then , if an email came through that triggered the `` phishing '' alert , it would completely obliterate the contents of the email , regardless of whether or not it was a valid alert . Tech support 's recommendation was to `` turn off the phishing component '' . Often , system scans would hang and had to be terminated manually through the task manager and would sometimes cause the machine to freeze.Please note that there is no phone number you can call to contact tech support . The email responses that I received from them were laughable and I wondered if there was n't some automated process generating gibberish `` boilerplate '' responses . It was obvious that they were n't reading prior communications to them on the same thread . `` Turn off automatic updates '' , indeed!My recommendation is to not buy it to start with , or `` turn off Panda '' by uninstalling it . I have since switched to PC-Cillin , and have n't had a single issue .
 I 've been using this product with Windows XP for about a year now . It was working wonderfully until I received an email from Panda , giving me the chance to upgrade -LRB- for free -RRB- to the latest version . So I followed the links , downloaded and installed the upgrade , and then there were no end of problems . Customer service were VERY UNHELPFUL ... I spent three months sending emails to the helpdesk , getting more and more frustrated , and I eventually just gave up . They did n't read my past emails -LRB- which they suggest you include at the bottom of each email -RRB- , the service representatives just repeated the same banal and ineffective `` solutions '' -LRB- none of which worked -RRB- . Complete uninstalls did n't work -LRB- because Panda infects your Windows Registry -RRB- and even their Registry-cleansing tools were in Beta -LRB- and did n't work -RRB- . There was no offer of a refund , and they would n't waive the fees for their phone line , or call me , to offer an over-the-phone solution.In summary , if I were looking for an antivirus solution for my computer , to be effective for more than 6 months ... go with the Big 2 - Norton or McAfee .
 I have two license of Panda Antivirus Internet Security 2005 ; one in a machine Windows 2000 Pentium II 450Mhz 384MB and as it said one of the clients , it fails constantly and it leaves without protection the machine . Another in a machine XP SP2 and they deceived to me and they made me migrate to version 2006 and I am worse . To that they express to be contentments with this product , they install the Gunbound game of the page http://gunbound.softnyx-latino.net / , install it and enjoy as XP is damaged every time but , while PANDA it does not do absolutely anything . They are not responsible at the time of putting a complaint nor envian receipt requested of the complaints . I think that Amazon would have to be taken care of and to remove from the sale to this fatal product .
 This product is available under the Staples brand name . If you buy it at Staples you get $ 1500 protection and a toll free 800 number . The price 3 weeks ago was 64.95 . I bought two -- one for me and one for my son.Unfortunately , my son deleted his email with the activation code , and Staples told me I would have to email or contact Panda . I have not even tried because of the comments here . And because quite plainly this software s ** ks.I had it last year , and it worked okay , except when I tried to uninstall it , it would not install or uninstall . After my registation expired , I called the 800 Staples number and they sent me a file to uninstall everything manually . That fixed that.Then I ran down to Staples -LRB- you have to buy the Staples product at Staples -- you can not just renew it online -- although Panda will send you tons of notices to renew -RRB- to purchase the latest product . I really did like the 800 number and tech support that Staples gives you and the $ 1500 protection plan . However , as I have posted , it does not cover all problems -- sometimes you will have to call Panda . The Staples number sometimes goes to Orange County and sometimes goes to Mexico.This product is just like everyone says . It is terrible . One thing I did not realize is this product does not work with Netscape the browser or Netscape mail and forces you to work with Internet Explorer and Outlook . I am not sure where it actually says that on the Staples box or the Panda website.It took over 3 minutes to boot up my computer and caused endless , unexplainable conflicts . One time I tried to order a product online , and for no reason -- I was even using Internet Explorer -- somehow Panda prevented me from entering a full string of numbers . Such conflicts with this product are endless , and I use my computer for so many different things , I can not tolerate it . I use my computer for everything from ASIO/DXi music programs -LRB- like Cubase -RRB- to art programs to video programs to investment programs.The time lost to this program is in no way acceptable . The endless pop-ups are really annoying . And of course there is no way to order a quantity discount multi-user discount for this product , which both Trend PCcillin and Zonde Alarm allow . So I am out $ 140 now . I talked with someone at Staples who said if I had talked to a manager within two weeks of buying this product , they would have given me my money back , but I have my doubts . Someone at Staples actually talked me into buying this product again.Amazon has the best price for the multi-user -LRB- 3 -RRB- home security product for Trend PCcillin . This product does allow for the use of Firefox , Netscape , Thunderbird and other non-Microsoft programs , and the price for 3 users at Amazon is fantastic . I had this program two years ago , but quite honestly , I did not like it at the time , as it seemed to take over my whole computer . It seems it has improved , except technical support is not available on the weekends and sometimes they seem to send out test viruses -- which is unacceptable -LRB- this is what someone else posted here on Amazon -RRB- . From the comments about the Zone Alarm Product , it seems their virus scanner is unacceptable , at least currently , but their products work with even more non-Microsoft products . It is a toss-up for me as to which of these products I should try.But I will definitely stay away from Panda . Please note . I have nothing against Staples , as they offer additional support above which Panda gives you , a $ 1500 protection plan , and generally try to be helpful . I just wish they would choose another security suite to put their Staples brand name on . Or maybe Amazon should brand their own security suite product !! Thanks .
 Not as good as McAfee or Norton . Slows down computer tremendously . Hard to remove from computer .
 After being unable to successfully install this software on our computer -LRB- for some reason , the software thinks our computer has less than the required minimum 128 megabytes of RAM , when it has 2.5 GIGABYTES of RAM -RRB- , we called Panda Software . Please note
 2/8/06Machine Specs
 I bought this program hoping to print pages for my day timer . It has very few layouts , most of which are not designed for day timers ! If you want a scheduling program , you can do better . If you want something that will print pages for your day timer , look elsewhere . I wish I knew where . I 'm still using the Delrina Daily Planner that was designed 10 years ago , it at least prints double-sided pages that work in my daytimer !
 I bought Anytime because I already had version 2.0 . I liked the earlier version , but many of the things the older version had were either missing or less user friendly in 8.0 . I could n't load the files from version 2.0 directly into the new , -LRB- fortunately the old computer is still running so I could manually copy one to the other . -RRB- The entry process had a lot of unecessary steps which slowed down the process . Version 2.0 reminds you of missed date entries , the new one does n't . The version 8.0 has a lot of bells and whistles , like fax/cell/watts numbers , direct connection to e-mail , and a few others . The technical assist to Anytime is non-existant , either by 3 no-responce e-mails or 45 minutes on the phone . I 'd stick with version 2.0 if you can load it into your computer , otherwise stick with Outlook .
 Anytime Deluxe 9.0 sounds good for the money . Mine quit working on WinXP after 2 days , and tech support did not reply to my complaint for over a week , when I was given the address to their FAQ page . It contained no helpful information . After calling them , the tech support person admitted there was a problem , and had me modify my registry . The software ran for about 2-3 days , and then stopped working again . I have called and written emails and tech support has not responded in over a week . Even at its best , the software is mediocre - so save your money and buy some software that works and that the company will support .
 I bought AnyTime Deluxe 8.0 to meet two needs
 I stumbled into purchasing Anytime Deluxe when the contact manager software I had intended to buy -LRB- ACT ! -RRB- was not available at my local retailer.After a challenging experience converting my existing records to Anytime , I discovered that I liked the programs interface , and the ability to control many of the views that I had not been able to control previously.Then I bought my PDA , to carry all this great information around with me . Unfortunately , the documentation in the manual for syncing this data to my PDA consisted of ONE PAGE -- the title page . The `` help '' function was not full-featured , either.So I decided to call Tech Support . BIG MISTAKE . Two weeks later , my emails have referred me back to the -LRB- less than helpful -RRB- web site and help functions . TWO messages left with supervisors have gone unanswered . When you call Tech Support , the queue is so full that you can not even hold , and are told to call back later . The story from Individual Software is that :1 . All their tech support staff are in training , and only one person is available to answer the phones .2 . All their tech support staff is in training , and only two people are available to answer the phones .3 . The training is over , but all the staff is returning old calls while new ones continued to be answered by one person.Today I asked to speak to a manager , only to be told that none of them show up for work until after 10:00 am . I tried to leave a voice mail message , but the receptionist accused me of being snotty . -LRB- I was n't snotty , but I was certainly frustrated , and very assertive about wanting to speak to someone in charge . -RRB- I guess this is truly a case of getting what you paid for . Unfortunately , I 'll have to junk the software and go buy a reputable program with real tech support . Sigh ...
 I bought AnyTime Deluxe 8.0 to meet two needs
 Could not get it to install on computer . Have XP , lots of Ram and have installed over 20 other games with no problems ! And hard drive still has 80 % free space .
 I bought this for my four year old daughter and I am quite disappointed . Although the story that goes on around the games is engaging , the actual interface is clumsy and complicated . For example in one matching game you must first click on one item . Then you click on the item that matches and then you go back to the original and click again . In another game , where the dog is supposed to hit the ball with his nose , I just could not make it happen . THe dog would not connect with the ball no matter what I did . We tried it with a mouse and with the touch pad . If I ca n't manage it there is no way a four year old who is just learning to manipulate a computer is going to manage . We had it on easy mode . If this is meant for the `` four to six '' age range , as the package says , then they need to do some more work to make it simpler to manage .
 My son had a lot of fun with this software package , but it 's not something where you can leave your kid with it and go do something else . The interface is confusing . The cursor often disappears and reappears during the normal course of loading the introduction to certain games , which makes it very confusing for a little guy who just got into a game he 's already played and just wants to get out of the game but ca n't . Also , the interfaces are not consistant . Some use the gold arrow cursor all the time , while others have the cursur disappear and suddenly one of tha dog characters becomes directly manipulated by the mouse . Again , not consistent and can be quite confusing for a small child.Then there 's the fact that it 's really just about a half-dozen games that can be played through in about an hour , and then where do you go after that ? To another software package , probably . Of course , there 's three difficulty levels and that may make the games interesting for a second or third play.The bottom line is this is a cute but needlessly confusing -LRB- the maze with T-bone is really hard , not maze but the mouse interface -RRB- set of game software that will likely have you hovering over your child and helping him/her rather than going off and doing something while you 're offspring use the computer .
 This software will not run when installed on a Mac with OS X 10.6.5 and for user under parental control . Rating of a one is too high .
 If your looking to learn the guitar , and acquire skills where you can play it with some degree of proficency , I would suggest you also look at GuitarCoach . I purchased both eMedia as well as Guitar Coach , and now find myself learning primarily from Guitar Coach . Its very well structured for learning where you acquire real skills in a very interactive way . Guitar Method , on the other hand is designed more for those just want to play songs quickly -LRB- like I once did -RRB- , but skips on teaching you the fundamental skills that you will soon be handicaped without .
 Tried this on Macs with system 9.2 & X.Functions will not performs as described and are very awkward at best.I would be willing to bet that Mr. Frampton did not learn the guitar using this DVD .
 This product does n't do the justice of teaching guitar well
 I got a box with only a songs cd for macintosh . That 's all that was in the box . To top it off I do n't have a mac . I am running a pentium with windows . This is not good .
 I 'm stupendously disappointed in I SPY Treasure Hunt deeply ! I have I SPY Treasure Hunt book , I SPY Fantasy PC , and I SPY Treasure Hunt PC . I liked the book better than the computer game for too many reasons to think up . First off , when I hear the sound when the girl or boy says the item to find it just skips ! Secondly , I 've never been able to complete the map findings because there 's no item to find that I 'm looking for ! The third one , there is n't any fun or exciting music in the background when you find an object whatsoever . No offense to any I SPY fans here !
 The product description is wrong , this is NOT OSX software . It 's OS9 and can only be run in `` Classic '' environment . Any Mac purchased in the last two years , at least , does not come with OS9 . You would need to have OS9 installed on your computer in addition to OSX . This will definitely affect the performance of the software and your machine in general.I contacted the company - great_deals_software - and received a very unsatisfactory response . You 'd think a company selling computer software would understand the differences between operating systems and be willing to correct the product description.As far as the game itself , I 'm sorry I have to leave 1 star , but I was unable to run it .
 I am very disappointed in this product , especially after reading all the rave reviews.My son recieved I Spy Treasure Hunt for Christmas and , within 3 days -LRB- one game each day -RRB- he played all the game scenarios . I disagree with the reviewers who state that although there are only 3 games , the games are all different . It is true that the clues -LRB- riddles -RRB- are different , and the player has to find different items to get to the treasure map . However , the pictures are the same in each game and are easily memorized from looking for the hidden objects in a previous game . Once the hidden objects are located , the treasure is easily found because there are only three treasure maps . The child will be able to know exactly where the treasure is depending which map is being constucted as riddles are solved.Kids love the product theme , and the game has potential for being fun for all ages . I hope Scholastic updates this product to include more scenarios for longer-lasting gameplay.Bottom line
 I placed the Christmas order on December 8th , only to discover that it would not be shipped or recv 'd until after Christmas thru January 9th ... Had tremendous difficulty cancelling the order.I simply thought others might need to know!As for the product , would n't have a clue , we never got that far!Merry Christmas !
 The game is great until you get to the end and then it just locks . My 7-year old was very disappointed when he worked so hard to get to the end and then the game just locks up !!
 My son loves I Spy Fantasy and Haunted House . We were very excited about Treasure Hunt . But much to our dismay , the program has a sound problem . The voice over cuts off before the end of the sentence or discription . Fortunately , my son already had experience with the other programs so he was n't totally frustrated .
 I purchased this product because the system requirements stated it ran on OS X . Once I went to load it , I found out that you must have Classic 9 installed on your computer to run the game . If you do n't have Classic 9 , the game will not run . OS X users should save their money !
 I purchased this this program in order to brush up on my typing and to improve my speed and accuracy , but now , unfortunately , I will be returning it . Here 's why > Typing Instructor Deluxe from Individual Software gave me problems from the moment I installed it . The trouble I 've had with it is that 1 -RRB- The partial installation feature is broken and it gives you a cryptic error message before crashing the program . 2 -RRB- If you attempt to get around this problem too forcefully , it causes Windows to crash . 3 -RRB- The full installation works , but it gobbles up 500MB of disk space ! 4 -RRB- Customer service is non-existant
 This program is basically good for learning except that it is almost impossible to get to the lessons you want , especially if you want to review . It kept giving me tests on letters I had n't learned . It is frustrating and I would n't recommend it .
 We recently -LRB- today -RRB- purchased one of your `` downloadable '' products online . It is compatible with Windows 95/98/xt / nt/etc ... This computer is Windows 98 . We downloaded it at least 4 times , each time it asked which program we wanted to open it in ? We search for the Vbox \ Installers and there is no such file to be found . We are pretty unhappy and would like some help . PS ... we saved it to our computer ... as the instructions said , under `` Programs '' . Please let us know what to do , or please refund our money.Thank you for your help.Wayne Campbell
 I just bought this software , and it does not seem to be working
 Worse antivirus software I 've ever used . No hyperbole . I 'm a long-time user of McAfee and decided to see if this could beat McAfee . On my system McAfee 9 usually takes about an hour to scan my 80-GB drive . Panda was running for over 4 hours before I figured out it was either looping or froze . Shut it off and rebooted . Figured if the thing messed up after one time , it was n't worth the investment . So I went to uninstall and forget it . This thing would n't uninstall . I even tried specialized software made for uninstalling applications . Nothing worked . The Panda site was worthless in having anything in support to get rid of it . And now , I could n't reinstall McAfee because it would conflict with Panda , and on top of that , every time I rebooted or tuned on the computer , there 's this annoying picture of a Panda on the side of the Widow 's splash screen . I did a Google search and found others with the same problem . One wound up reformatting his drive just to get rid of it . Then I tripped over some forum and found something from some guy who contacted Panda , paid them and got the supposed solution , which included a procedure of installing to small files , extracting one , going to safe mode , then the registry , then back to the desktop , into Windows Explorer to delete more files . And all the while I 'm asking myself why did n't they just put in a working uninstaller with the program . Even kid games come with uninstallers . Only thing I could come up with is it was made to give you such a headache that you 'd gladly pay the $ 29 tech support to try and get rid of it.Well , they 're procedure did n't work and next thing you know , I could n't access the Net through my DSL . And there I was on the phone with Verizon then Linksys for a combined 2 hours and still unable to fix it . All in all , it was a weekend of pain thanks to Panda 's junk.Well good news . I long ago installed a second hard drive for backup purposes and use Acronis TrueImage . If you do n't own TrueImage , buy it . It 'll save your life ; and no , I do n't work for the company , just happen to love the product . I do a weekly image backup and fortunately the most recent backup I had was less than 3 days before I installed that Panda junk . I used to use Norton Ghost , but I do n't find any of Norton 's software of value anymore and they also will drain you in tech support fees . Besides , Acronis makes restoring a backup a breeze . An hour later my backup 's restored and all is back to normal and I did n't have to reinstall Windows and go through the hassle of putting in all the divers and the whole nine yards that goes with it.Avoid Panda like the plague . I 'd rather use that free AVG antivirus , which I 've heard is far superior and can actually be uninstalled without crippling your system .
 I bought this Panda product after it was recommended by a computer supply store . I had always had McAfee , and was very happy with it , but they said it would catch more . I received the product from the download , and ran it . It caught one or two things , but did n't get as much as I thought it would . After that , all my problems started . My computer began to get very very slow , especially in startup , but also during normal operation -LRB- and I have a very good computer with a very fast processor , video card , and tons of memory -RRB- . I checked the programs running , and there were about 3 AV programs -LRB- all from panda -RRB- that were using a huge amount of processing power . Then suddenly , a `` drwtsn32 '' file appeared , which I later learned is Window 's error logger , so if you get a system error , you can see what caused it . I opened up my drwtsn file and sure enough , Panda was listed numerous times . I then started a dialogue with Panda letting them know that I was getting this error , and my computer was very slow , and they asked me about my previous Antivirus . I told them it was McAfee , and they told me I did n't uninstall it completely . I assured them I did -LRB- since I went thought the McAfee website to make sure it was completely uninstalled -RRB- , and they seemed to forget what my question was , and asked me to tell them my error again . This whole process has taken about a week , and I am still waiting for their response . If only they could refund my money so I could go back to McAfee ! What a huge mistake this was ! I 'm warning you , go with Norton or McAfee , do n't waste your money on a product that provides poor customer support , and slows down your computer !
 Panda might do a good job of catching viruses but their customer service sucks . You get a limited time of support ... free for 3 minutes and then 20 bucks after that . They they cut you off and it is all pay over the phone . They do n't have a toll free number so they are charging you while you wait in que - at times very long waits exist . Dealing with their support on line is even worse . Not very logical web site for tech support and before you get anywhere you must first fill out lots of forms and then hope for a reply.They boast of daily updates but many days you do n't need this , so why tie up your resources ?! I 'm asking for my money back!So if you have any installation problems like I did , expect a large investment of your time and possibly your money .
 I installed the panda antivirus software 2005 . My broadband connection goes through the firewall . Panda always messes up messaging through firewall based routers . I ca n't get to internet after that . I uninstalled and now even I ca n't get through internet . I personally do n't recommend anyone to use panda software and get tangled into problems and top of that you have to pay tech support to ressolve any issues . I will probably go with pc-cillin anti virus .
 Panda 2005 may have a good detection track record , but it will slow your startup and shutdown to a crawl . On three freshly formatted and installed Windows XP systems -LRB- that is , aside from the windows update patches , Panda is the only program installed -RRB- , the bootup time after Panda was installed increased by anywhere between 30 seconds to 2 minutes . Also , every once in a while the protection would become disabled , requiring yet another reboot.Please , save your money and get something like NOD32 or even Norton .
 I lived with Panda 2005 randomly pinning my CPU usage at 100 % for several minutes at a time mostly because it was impossible to obtain a response from tech support.In a last ditch effort to keep things running I upgraded to 2006 , on-line upgrades stopped after two days and as I could not obtain tech support , I just gave up on the product.My own fault , I guess , for throwing good money after bad - perhaps you can avoid doing the same .
 This product is HORRID ! I loaded it , and my internet connection was shut off by it , and none of the ` trditional ' way of getting it started worked . I called Panda , Microsoft -LRB- who couldnt help , as it was 3rd party software that caused my problems -RRB- , Panda again , and nothing from anyone . Horrible customer service , Horrible product.Buyer Beware !! You are hereby warned!DO NOT BUY THIS AWFUL PROGRAM !!! Norton is the way to go ... FOR SURE !!!
 I bought 2 copies of Panda Platinum Internet Security in Nov. 2004 . I was told I needed a 2 separate install discs for myself and my son 's computer . It was expensive but I was told it was the best anti-virus software on the market . Apparently PC World said the same thing in a recent review.Things went well till 3 months ago when the anti-virus no longer worked on either computer . It kept saying it could n't find a file . We re-installed both discs and I got mine working for a little while but all of a sudden I could n't FTP with Dreamweaver anymore - a huge problem as I do Web Sites part-time . I added dreamweaver.exe to the permitted files but it still blocked all FTP attempts . Then the anti-virus failed again on my computer . It never did work again on my son 's despite 2 re-installs . I ca n't even list all my attempts to get help from the supposed `` 24 hour tech help '' . What a joke that is . I even called long distance , on my dime , to some number in Europe and to a central office in Canada and got nowhere . All one gets is an automated voicemail and it 's useless . I was E-mailing on an almost daily basis and got NO reply at all . Worst technical help does n't even begin to cover it . In the meantime the software was up for renewal but I did n't want to renew it if I could n't get it working - not at $ 140 dollars for 2 licenses ! Even worse , after the renewal deadline came and went , I could no longer close the program from the little Panda figure on my task bar and thus could no longer FTP anything . I had to uninstall Panda to FTP - so currently have no protection.I was thinking of switching to only the anti-virus program but after reading these reviews I do n't think I want to bother with Panda at all anymore . I 'm VERY worried now however , that I 'll have the same problems trying to install a new product as other users have had . I simply do n't have time to reformat 2 hard drives to get rid of Panda . This is a nightmare !
 I started with Panda 6 years ago . It was a great product . It has gone progressively downhill.I upgraded 2004 to 2005 and bought three years because I really rate it as an antivirus engine . However , 2005 did not work at all with my Sygate firewall . So I uninstalled Sygate -LRB- an excellent product -RRB- and used Panda 's firewall . I also installed SpamPal -LRB- another excellent product -RRB- as a Spam filter . My e-mail choked . I mailed Panda support and had six responses all asking me to do things which I did and sent them screenshots and reports which they promptly lost . Tried to uninstall Panda 2005 and found I could not connect to the internet . It had modified various configurations on my system and one of these is socket services . -LRB- Without the Panda product installed nothing can connect to the internet . -RRB- Tried to reinstall it so I could get my mail and it said I was installing an earlier version over a later version -LRB- the existing one had been updated online , so it would n't let me . Tried manually removing it . Hours of scrubbing registry and finding unremovable directories and programs ... Finally removed enough of it so it would allow 2005 to re-install , so I could then cleanly uninstall it . Got it off and installed evaluation version of 2006 . Could n't connect to the internet because it could n't repair the socket damage done by its predecessor . Decided to uninstall it ; uninstall failed . Now I have no virus protection , no internet access , and can not install or uninstall the product . Tech support meanwhile was hopeless and it was obvious there was a language problem , and the left hand did n't know what the right hand was doing . I got more help off the internet than the help I have paid for from Panda . Eventually , I managed to uninstall 2006 and get 2005 back so I could access the internet.I HAVE to run 2005 because if I remove it my internet access fails ... I 'll be buying a new machine in a few months and I will install AVG on it . I would strongly recommend that NOBODY install Panda until they -LRB- Panda -RRB- get their act together and write a proper uninstall . Personally I would never use their products again .
 The software hangs up when trying to scan a file . Repeated attempts to get help from tech support resulted only in a string of emails that asked me the same questions over and over .
 I 'll never buy Panda software again . I ran Titanium 2004 without a problem , but when I upgraded to 2005 it could n't uninstall the 2004 version . 2 months on I have n't had a single reply to my numerous e-mails to their technical support . In the end the 2004 version was partly uninstalled and the 2005 version partly installed , neither worked and then aol stopped working . I have now reformatted the hard drive and installed everything again , except Panda ...
 We installed panda in June . Our systems are destroyed . They are slow , panda runs constantly and locks them up . Thay crash intermittantly and they never had any problems until we put panda on . When you try to uninstall , it does not un install completely , even if you use customer support instrucitons and it uninstalls vital reg files that cause your computer to fail . YOu also can not load any other anti virus software as it still thinks panda is on there . I had to reinstall the operataing systems on 5 of 6 computer we installed this on . IF YOU VALUE YOUR COMPUTER DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If I could give this no stars I would !
 I switched from Norton to Panda on the advice of a radio computer show . -LRB- yes , I formatted to completely get rid of Norton -RRB- Panda seemed to always be updating , which made me feel secure , but it tended to bog down my system at the worst times . My PC wound up getting a bad virus , which blocked my internet access and anti-spybot software . The extremely rude consultant told me that I had an `` old copy '' and needed to download the new version . Gee , I installed the version that came in the box 6 months prior , so how could it be an `` old version '' ? And how was I supposed to download the update if my internet access was broken ? The problem was never fixed , so I let my license lapse and will get NOD32 instead . Check out blogs and you will see that others have the same problems as I did . Probably the worst part of this experience was being made to feel like I was an idiot when asking for tech support right after my initial submitted e-mail .
 Well , first , I got caught by their advertising , the kind that you have to read the fine print because there 's a surprise in that bargain pricing somewhere!Then , the spamware was a pain . Had to disable it.Then it went belly up on the upgrades , God knows why , and I had to reinstall the darn thing.Then I wanted to get rid of it and found out that the uninstall feature does n't work!Ain ' t I happy ? Sure that I 'm not!I 'm looking for a way to bypass this and the procedures I found look like something I wo n't be able to do!So , maybe you 'll want to invest your money elsewhere ...
 Titanium Anti Virus 2004 is an annoying piece of junk software.Stay away from anything this company makes !!! Why
 One of the web sites shows sample screen views , which show that this dictionary does not display vowel points or Hebrew pronunciation , making it useless to a non Hebrew-fluent user .
 For free ? Not even . Just takes up precious space where other garbage could go . WHAT A BAD GAME ! The graphics do n't usually get to me ever , but wow , these are terrible . Just an all-around joke of a game . I got it for 2 bucks at Electronics Boutiqe along with about 7 other good cheap games , so I was n't too angry , but you will be if you spend any more than that and find out how horrible `` Cyclemania '' is .
 This DVD is a total waste of money . The sections on various techniques seem to be mere seconds long , with little or no explanation regarding what they are demonstrating . Save your hard earned money - I wish I did !!
 Animations Plus comes from Animation Factory , and is only good for a very short time before you have to pay to upgrade to use certain applications on your computer . I only got to use the email backgrounds for several months , and it did n`t help much when I had to format my computer and lost most of the applications of Animations Plus and was told when I emailed them to repurchase the product in order to have full use of them again . Do n`t buy this product , it simply is n`t worth the money .
 I 'm still waiting for this product to arrive . I ordered it over a month ago .
 Norton is dead as most you know . It will work on 10.2 or earlier but Norton SystemWorks does not work on any Mac OS after 10.2 very well . Norton had one thing going for it - it did a nice job of repairing B-tree catalog errors and directories - when things started going wonky , if you ran Norton , it would clear things up for a while . The other features might 've worked well 5 years earlier but in the end -LRB- even though they updated them to run under OSX -RRB- were of dubious value - defragmentation , file recovery etc ... especially in the end when you no longer boot from the Norton CD , it was all rather useless and in case you had n't noticed , the Norton UNINSTALLER only runs under OS9 so if your Mac ca n't boot OS9 -LRB- Classic -RRB- , you ca n't remove all those invisible files they leave scattered around.DRIVE GENIUS looks like the best replacement for Norton . I had a drive go down - it would n't mount but since APPLE 's DISK ULTITY could `` see '' the drive , the drive was fine , it was just a matter of restoring the directory . DRIVE GENIUS was the only Mac utility that could recover the directory . My only complaint would be that under REPAIR , there are submenu choices - for some odd reason REPAIR did not repair it but REBUILD did . It would seem that users like us do not really care if you rebuild or repair - as long as you can get the directory fixed so it shows up as an HDD , all is good in the world , right?In addition , you get other features such as DEFRAGMENT , DUPLICATE , SECTOR EDIT , SHRED , INTEGRITY CHECK , BENCHTEST & SCAN . Of course , Defrag , Duplicate and Shred are pretty obvious as to what they do . Sector Edit is for advanced users - you get to look at the underlying raw hex -LRB- ? -RRB- of the data on the drive so if you feel comfortable doing that . Integrity Check & Scan seems to do the same thing in checking the underlying hardware of your HDD.DRIVE GENIUS has a pretty nice user interface and you get a constant feedback on when it 's doing repairs/rebuilding . That is an EXCELLENT feature . When you are wondering if your data is still intact , you want to know what the utility is doing . And you can boot off the CD - presumably not Intel Macs as it 's 10.4 It is not perfect though . For drives that Apple recognizes as drives -LRB- you get the query if you want to initialize/eject or ignore -RRB- - I was able to get the directory fixed on an IDE USB drive but not an IDE Firewire drive so if you are in the same situation , you might need to plug it in as a USB drive versus in a firewire enclosure . But since it was actually able to see and repair the USB drive , I consider that a victory of sorts plus the the interface is much more re-assuring than the interface of TechTools Pro or DiskWarrior.TECHTOOLS PRO is now much nicer looking and now feature laden . If you have a couple Macs and quite a few HDD 's as I do , you 'll most likely want to get it to have it handy to do some things that DRIVE GENIUS does not do . One advanatge is that it can actually test the hardware of your Mac including memory , cache , etc ... unfortunately , it still has the same old `` feature '' of the old TechTools in that it launches into the test mode as soon as you click on SUITES -LRB- what they call hardware tests if choose to do them altogether -RRB- . For the unintiated , this can scare the crap out of you as when it gets to the video test , your screen changes color in rapid succession -LRB- at least it 's faster than before -RRB- but it 's still scary and disconcerting because they do NOT tell you it 's about to happen ! The other main choices are TESTS , PERFORMANCE , TOOLS & SAFETY . Tests is actually the hardware test that does not scare you . You actually have to press the start button before it races off to check your mac itself . PERFORMANCE lets you optomize the drive or fix directories . TOOLS is actually a nice addition - it is broken down into multiple parts
 I would not advise anyone to purchase this utility for the Mac .1 . The tech service is unacceptable . When you call , you can not speak immediately with a tech person . You must leave a message and wait two -LRB- 2 -RRB- hours for a call-back .2 . After waiting two -LRB- 2 -RRB- hours , the tech rep was snooty and had a real attitude . He treated me as if I was mentally defective or something . He would not even give me a target date as to when the new CDs -LRB- see # 4 below -RRB- would be available . He advised me to keep checking at the web site .3 . If you are unhappy with the product , you can not get a refund . This facts screams to me that this company does not stand behind its product . Do not make the mistake that I did and buy it . -LRB- I really was a fool because , for years , I used TechTools Pro and/or Drive 10 . I should not have tried something new from a company that does not value me as a customer and as a consumer . -RRB- 4 . Most importantly , you CAN NOT boot up from the CD -LRB- not even in version 3.0.3 -RRB- on the newest iBook . This vital piece of information is not clearly stated on the Alsoft web site and is buried deep at the bottom of the page in a techno-babble yellow box . When I pointed this out to the rep , he said that he was `` not going to sit here and argue semantics . ' '' This is not an issue of semantics , but of plainly stating how this product can be used .5 . According to this snooty tech rep , when the new CD is available , will be free except for shipping and handling costs ! Now , that says nerve as a bootable CD is vital to any utility . This should be totally free for anyone who in good-faith purchased the product with the understanding that it would be totally usable on all systems .6 . If you want to do something very simple -- like opt your drives to keep your system running fast -- you must have another computer or another hard drive . You can not boot up from the CD for the newest iBook . -LRB- I purchased mine on 9/23/05 . -RRB- If you do n't have another computer or hard drive , then you are OUT OF LUCK and this product is useless .
 I wish I could be one of those people giving DiskWarrior 5 stars and saying `` it saved my keester ! '' Unfortunately , my case is more `` I 'm still hosed ... and now I 'm out a hundred bucks ! `` The first annoyance was that the DiskWarrior CD itself has been reproduced so cheaply -LRB- blue dye , like a 10-cent blank CDR for home burning use -RRB- that my G4 would n't recognize it . `` Yeah , those Phillips superdrives are touchy , '' says tech support . Mind you , the drive has never rejected any OTHER disc I 've tried.And despite the hundred dollar price tag , there are no printed docs with the disc - just a PDF manual . You know , the kind you could read IF your computer was working . Of course , if it was working you would n't need DiskWarrior , would you?In the PDF manual , it says you can make an additional startup disc -LRB- in this case to boot into OS 9 instead of the default OS X -RRB- ... but it does n't say HOW to do this , or even hint at it . It 's entirely unintuitive , and I needed two phonecalls to tech support AND considerable knowledge of Macs to make such a disc . Not that it helped.Maybe my problem is more than just a bad directory - but I do n't think so . So far , DiskWarrior has n't accomplished anything . I 'd call tech support for help , but they keep only banker 's hours -LRB- M-F and out the door by 5 central -RRB- . Considering the markup on this disc-without-manual , you 'd think they could afford decent tech support.I 've heard enough good things about DiskWarrior to think it must be doing something for somebody . But for me , the program is overpriced , under documented and a waste of time . *** UPDATE January 2008 *** I 'm writing this as a followup to the comments above . When I finally needed to boot from the Diskwarrior disk , it did n't work . When I looked at it , the disc itself had completely decomposed in its case - the layers separating and unreadable . It looks like I mashed cottage cheese under it . Honestly , for 100 smackeroos you 'd think that Alsoft might at least include an archival quality disk . Or , just maybe , a disk which would last more than a year . The irony of a `` disk repair '' utility that comes on a defective disk is almost funny.But it gets worse . I repeatedly tried to reach Alsoft tech support , and finally got someone after about a week . I was told that I 'd need to talk to SALES for a replacement disk . So I called Sales , and was told that `` media '' is guaranteed for only 90 days -LRB- ! -RRB- and moreover that they did n't support version 3 anymore . My only option for the defective disk - an `` upgrade '' at their standard $ 50 price ... though they 'd toss in free shipping . In the end , I paid $ 100 for a program which was shipped on a defective disk , was REPLACED with a defective disk , and which can not be replaced by the manufacturer . I 'm appalled , pure and simple . I 'm done with Alsoft forever .
 I have been a user of Disk Warrior for well over ten years . It has been a valuable tool in my utilities folder . Why then am I giving it one star.I bought my latest version shortly before I moved to an Intel MacBook Pro . I quickly found out the version I had bought did not work with an Intel machine . I waited ... and waited ... and waited for an Intel version . Finally one comes out and they want another $ 49.95 to upgrade . OK ... . I do n't like this but I will probably upgrade.Yesterday one of my hard drives start acting really strange . I try Disk Utility on it and get nothing except an error message . Ok . Time to fork over the upgrade cost in spite of getting almost no use off of my last purchase . I check . I ca n't download an updater , I can only order a CD . I get to the `` Allow three to four weeks for delivery . '' I call the company and they offer no other alternative.That 's it . I quit.I check the net and find a good review for Drive Genius . I buy it and have it in on my computer in less than five minutes . Run it . It works great and fixes my problem . Of course I am out even more money since to upgrade Disk Warrior would have been half the price . But at least the problem is fixed.I would seriously consider whether you wish to invest in a company that sadly has fallen so low . It is a Texas company and I am a Texan so it is with a heavy heart that I tell you go elsewhere .
 I 'm giving this product 2 stars because I 'm sure it 's useful as a maintenance utility . However , I spent $ 100 on it to recover my data from a crashed hard drive , and it was useless . I ran the utility three separate times , each time taking over 24 hours , and it could not find a single file . I then purchased DATA RESCUE II , and that glorious piece of software recovered all of my files in one evening . If you 're buying this just to recover data , you should opt for Data Rescue II .
 Alsoft DiskWarrier for OS X does not work on the new dual processor Macs and is therefore useless on the new machine I purchased this software for
 I bought DiskWarrior to recover from a failing hard drive on my iMac G4 -LRB- though it did n't do any good -RRB- . Then I bought an iMac Core Duo , and I 've been waiting since early '06 for Alsoft to release DiskWarrior for Intel Macs , so as to be ready for any trouble on the new computer . They promised a release `` real soon '' but half a year later , nothing . Nor does it look like they 've changed their web site since then . So I think it would be a bad bet to buy DiskWarrior hoping for an Intel release to work on a new Mac . Total waste of money for me so far .
 Be careful dealing with Alsoft . I have heard bad things and I recently experienced it for myself . Very shady company . They never warned me that this product does n't work on the Intel Macs , and when I asked for a refund -LRB- before they even shipped it !! -RRB- I was told no . Eventually I had to go to my bank to have them clear it up for me . I 'm not used to dealing with customer service like that.Their checkout was programmed so badly that I did n't even know if I had purchased the product after it was all over . Multiple database errors in the scripts , warnings everywhere . It was surreal . It seems more like a fly-by-night company , but I know they have been around for a while . Do n't know how much longer with this kind of service.Their customer service and tech support took 2 day to return my email !
 I bought it Diskwarrior 3.0 after reading several reviews , what they do n't tell you is that 3.0 does not work with 10.3 , and that after you get it , you will have to to call the company and pay an additional $ 20 for a working product -LRB- 3.01 -RRB- .
 I purchased this to help keep my brand new Powerbook G4 1.67 MHz w / max -LRB- 2 GB -RRB- memory running at optimum ability . After about 10 screen freezes I contacted ALSOFT tech dept. After going back and forth trying the basic menial tasks they use from their scripts , I made some screen shots and sent them along with another request for help . They `` thanked me '' for the screen shots , and then said their product does not work with my new laptop . The only way to make it work was to boot my laptop up from another machine and then it would probably work . NO REFUNDS . BUYER BEWARE ! I 'm stuck with a disk I can hang from my car 's mirror . It 's good for nothing if it does n't work on something that it says it will on the box . Not on a G4 PowerBook . I would trust this company more if it offered a refund , but I was told no refunds . Hmmmmm .
 In order for this to work with the new MacBook Pro you will need to use an external drive with an operating system on it . The company will charge an additional `` $ 12.95 '' when they have an update available .
 DiskWarrior requires starting the computer with the CD . I have an IMac Leopard 10.5.2 and have spent hours attempting to get the CD to start the computer , hours doing all the things Alsoft recommended which included washing the CD . It hase n't ever started the computer.I also found DiskWorrior requires up to 15 minutes to load once it does start the computerApparently Alsoft is not ready for Leopard , yet continues to sell the CD.I 'm out $ 99.00 with nothing in return . Zero
 For a local disk , DiskWarrior is exactly what you need to repair major damage . Unlike Apple 's Disk Utility , DiskWarrior can separate files that have been cross-linked . The cross-linked files are likely destroyed but at least the hard drive is healthy for use again . Not spending all day on full disk restoration can easily be worth the purchase price.Contrary to what Alsoft says , DiskWarrior does not work correctly on Time Machine disk images . For it to work , you must babysit the lengthy repair process and immediately skip verification of the new directory structure . If you do n't skip it within a few seconds , the entire computer will lock up dead . It 's a good thing DiskWarrior works on internal drives because one of those crashes corrupted it.DiskWarrior also will not work with disk images on wireless NAS . It mistakes the latency for I/O errors then refuses repair.DiskWarrior has the option to optimize disks . This is an odd feature because the boot disc is optimized , and it takes at least 15 minutes to boot on a laptop .
 0/10 . Very bad experience with this program . Wo n't even recognize my hard drive . Tried another program successfully -LRB- Boomerang -RRB- . Got all my data back and could even reformat the hard drive.The distributor would not even consider reimbursing me , claiming that the package was open . They have to explain me how to test their program without opening up the package since they do n't allow testing with a demo version . Something I could do with Boomerang and it worked.Won ' t buy from them anymore .
 I bought DiskWarrior based on several reviews and recommendations . Alsoft sells the product on a `` no-preview , no-refund '' policy and I soon found out why . Disk Warrior chugged away for about 16 hours without seeming to do anything . I called Alsoft tech support and was told just to let it keep running for a few days -- but if it went for more than 2-3 days , then the disk was probably too damaged to save . Maybe I should have let it run , and maybe not , but I did n't have that kind of time , particularly since the software was n't even letting me know what progress -LRB- if any -RRB- it was making . I did some more looking around and finally located a product called Data Rescue , made by ProSoft Engineering . This appears to be a similar product with three key differences
 Used this product to try and extract data . Not worth the money . Do not waste your time on this application despite how much they say its # 1 . Download Disk Drill for free . This worked great and I was able to extract data from a dead drive
 I purchased Disk Warrior because I had my catalog go bad on my external drive . Do n't expect it to find anything for a bad catalog . Once the scan was finished it showed me the file structure but would n't let me open any files . They looked like they were fine and as I wiped the sweat from my brow and hit OK I quickly opened the drive and every folder was there but only 10 % of my files were . They were gone !!! I had to use another program to actually find 60 % of what I lost and save the files that were renamed and out of order onto another drive . I contacted the customer service department at Alsoft . Marc said `` DiskWarrior did n't erase anything on the hard drive . It has no capability to erase data . What it did do , however , is use the remaining directory information and recover what was available . This indicates that some other software or utility , erased all of the file information from the directory , leaving the folder data only . What other utilities did you use to attempt to repair this drive ? '' Well , thanks Marc for nothing . I was n't using any other program because I I 'm not into just spending $ 100 on recovery programs just because . I purchased Disk Warrior because I thought it would fix my problem and YA ! it cleaned my problem right off the drive . Not much of a fix MARC.I thought maybe I did n't have it set up right and so I set it to protect my files and drives and thought if I had another drive go down I would be set this time . I had another drive go bad and it would n't mount . I thought NOW that $ 100 would come in handy and I opened Disk Warrior . Would you believe it ? , the program opened and on it 's own and without any approval or anything , mounted my drive and erased 85 % of my information . My favorite part of this story is after I shot and email to Disk Warrior 's customer service department I get a response back from Marc again at Alsoft who said that the program does n't do that . Thanks Mark , you 're always right , that must have been my imagination . I wish I had a job that I could be as ineffective and still keep getting paid.I guess I was hopping for more . I was hopping at least a real tech person would do some more investigative research and have been able to help me get more out of the program . He could have helped me possibly set the program to protect me from a future issue . I guess this is a `` buyer beware '' situation and if you want to gamble on a hunch and do n't care too much about the files you have , try it . It 's a flip of the coin . Oh , and when you lose , do n't expect anybody to hold out a had and help you avoid the problem next time or to acknowledge that it even happened . They 've got your coin .
 Software just did n't even see my disk and so did n't even attempt to help - had to just wipe it using Disk Utility -LRB- which saw the disk just fine -RRB- and restore.Total waste of money - contacted Alsoft who make this huge deal about offering no-refunds , talk about a paranoid bunch who do n't have faith in their own code .
 Recently my Newer Technology Mini Stack failed to mount . Newer Technology claimed problem was n't with the hard disk -LRB- since it appeared in disk utility -RRB- and suggested I buy a disk repair program . I spent the $ on Disk Warrior and was very disappointed . I would understand if the program could n't save my data . But instead , the program continually crashed during every operation on my iMac G5 -LRB- non Intel -RRB- computer . It would eventually rebuild my directories , but would not repair -LRB- instead , it would crash -RRB- . Then tech support suggested I copy files from the `` preview '' to a new hard disk drive . Tried that , but everything was corrupt and Disk Warrior continued to crash each time . Save your money ... do NOT buy this program .
 There is a likelihood that you will soon have deep disappointment in Disk Warrior . With the intricacies of disk recovery , there will be instances where software can fix it and instances where it just ca n't . By not allowing someone to download and preview what is possible to be fixed -LRB- which would be the right thing to do -RRB- Disk Warrior is virtually assured to rip-off a great percentage of their purchasers . Then again , maybe you like throwing your money away .
 I ordered this software from their website to fix a non-bootable Mac , only to find that the downloaded version does not create a bootable CD . When I attempted to use the software to fix the mac in firewire target mode , it said that it could not repair the disk due to a hardware failure . However , I then rebuilt the Mac , and it appears to be fine . I do not believe Diskwarrior works properly over the firewire connection , and I clearly could not wait weeks for the CD to arrive . Deceptive website !
 First and formost the item sent was not version 1.5 but 1.0 on cd.Not a problem go on line and download the latest version of 1.58 . Then i find out that the program will not work with windows 7 . So far i have not been able to use this program because i do n't have windows xp.So please be advised that if you need or want to use this program make sure to have xp.Maybe one day the program will be updated to the 21st century and windows 7 . Thanks
 When I bought this , I thought that it would be a good thing to have to help pass the time if I was ever bored . But I soon realized that if I had the time to load it onto my Pocket PC , I could be doing something useful . I 'd recommend getting something you can watch on your regular computer instead .
 Love QB but 2006 has been nothing butheadaches , March 9 , 2006Reviewer
 I 've used Netscape Composer for 7-8 years before `` upgrading '' to Dreamweaver . I have TWO Dreamweaver manuals . But DW remains SUCH A PAIN to use . * When I change the template , Dreamweaver should ask me if I want to change all pages created with the template . But sometimes it asks , and sometimes it does n't . Why ? -LRB- When it does n't ask , it means the pages created by the template remain unchanged -RRB- . * When I create a template , Dreamweaver puts it in a Template folder . Then when I create a page with it , the internal links all say / Template/index . html or / Template/books . html or whatever . This means that when I upload pages , it ca n't find other links on the website . * And if I move the template out of the Template subfolder and try to `` update '' the links of all pages created with it ... well , that does n't work either . * Dreamweaver wo n't let me create my own pages the way I want . I want to pick my own font , size , etc. for each page . But DW keeps forcing `` styles '' on me . I pick NONE for style . Then when I pick a 14 Font , suddenly DW has picked STYLE 2 -LRB- or whatever -RRB- . So I go back to NONE for style , and now my font is gone . * Or I 'll pick a 14 Font Size , then a Lucinda Sans Font , and now the Font Size is changed . So I change the font size back to 14 , and now the font is changed to Verdana , or whatever.A nightmarish program , in that it does n't do what I want it do do . I keep redoing , and redoing everything , because sometimes DW will accept my instructions , and sometimes not . Everything has to be done 1 to 8 or so times before DW works.It 's said that the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over , and expecting a different result . Well , with DW you can do the SAME thing over , and you DO get a DIFFERENT result . Weird . * Oh yeah , the WYSIWYG feature does NOT work . I previewed a page in Firefox . It looked one way . Then I uploaded the page to my website , and looked at it again in the SAME Firefox -- only now it looks different -- some different fonts , some different colors.Crappy program .
 Macromedia lost its way after Dreamweaver 4 . That was the last stable , lean , concise version of the software . After v4 , each successive upgrade got more bloated , with more than enough confusing bells & whistles - most unnecessary.What Macromedia needs to do is go back to v4 and gin up a `` lite '' edition which adds only the bare essentials . It should run faster , be much easier to learn , and take up far less space on a hard drive than this v8 monster.C ` mon Macromedia - we know you can do it !
 I 'm sure there are all kinds of wonderful bells and whistles hiding within the new DW8 . I just ca n't be bothered looking for them , because the program runs at least as slow as its predecessor , MX2004 , and that is just a bit too slow for any real productivity . It 's a study in frustration to do something as simple as open a file , edit it , and close it . Dreamweaver has to run thru a myriad of internal hoops to facilitate that simple web dev process , and you 're left watching the little hourglass spin.I 'm on a decent PC with enough memory , so it 's not a hardware issue . This program is simply so bloated and apparently poorly coded that it fails to support the basics of web development . What 's the point of having full WYSIWYG control of CSS if it takes too long to open the page in first place?I 've been with this product series since Allaire 's Homesite was first launched way back when . Sure , DW has gotten snazzier and more sophisticated , but is n't efficiency and core productivity more important than all the bells & whistles in the world ?
 I recently switched Windows to Mac . Since Dreamweaver includes both versions , I thought I could deactivate my Windows machine , and install it on the Mac . After calling their customer service department twice , I was told that this is not possible . Once you activate the product on one platform , you have to buy it again if you want to use it on a different platform.I might be willing to pay for an upgrade if they were offering a Universal Binary , but currently they are not . They might even view Intel Mac 's as a different plaform the Power PC Mac 's and try to charge me again if they release an Intel version.Because their licensing is such a pain , I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 this is simply a copy of pdfs widely available from the DOE . Search line for doe nuclear physics handbook . Please do n't waste your money on this .
 Macromedia seems to be out of touch with regular webmasters like me . I just downloaded the trial version of Dreamweaver 8 and it 's actually worse than Dreamweaver 6 -LRB- which I 'm currently using -RRB- . The only useful improvement I see is that I do n't have to edit my program files to get it to read certain file types.I think Macromedia focuses too much on website designers and not enough on individuals who just want to run their websites and quickly and conveniently as possible . I 'm interested in time savers . I 'm interested in features that will make my website less cumbersome to manage as it 's size grows.There 's so many little things that could be done to improve the program and there 's no excuse why they have n't yet . For instance the `` File window '' -LRB- the built in FTP program -RRB- sucks compared to cheapo programs like Cute FTP . It would be so easy to bring it up to snuff . I 've submitted a feature request , so we 'll see if they take me up on it.They 'd better watch out because they have n't really done much in the past few years and a company like Google could probably make a free program with features appealing to people like me.Bottom line
 Slow as molasses -- the windows version is too rigid & inflexible compared to the mac version and the mac version is even slower than molasses !!! -LSB- spinning beachball hell for mac users -RSB- One big problem is that those of us who have already invested in this suite of products are in dire straits -- and the Adobe GoLive option is an even worse piece of crap . We 're all getting ripped up the yin yang by Microsoft , Adobe & now Macromedia . Look for cheaper , lighter , more efficient & open source products simply on principle ! ALSO
 Purchased this item as I read that it was Windows Vista compatible , BUT , this was an early version which is not compatible .
 OK , you know when Adobe -LRB- they own Macromedia -RRB- is out to get your money when two upgrades from their product lines are actually downgrades , in my opinion . My first disappointment was with Photoshop CS2 ; slow , and they did away with great functions that were present in v7 and CS . Now with Flash Pro 8
 Purchased this software in May , did n't install immediately , but then installed . Intially worked ok , now program is corrupting every file we open with it . No wonder theywere selling a used program ! Buyer beware !! Do NOT buy from this seller . Tryed to return after the 30 day period because that 's when this software started going bad . Was told no - you 're way beyond the return period . Did n't even offer to help in any way .
 Corel claims this product contains WP10 . The version is not the same as that shipped with its office products . It is slow . Generation of pdf files brings a 1.2 GHz , 512 MB mem system to its knees . It hangs while printing . Patches are not apparent on the Corel web site .
 The program appeared to install correctly but when I try to access it the Word Perfect Logo comes up with no serial number listed , then an error box that it can not initialize . The serial number was entered and accepted during installation . I spent an hour , at my expense -LRB- no 800 number -RRB- with Corel with no resolution . So now I have a program that is of no use to me .
 This package states that it comes with WordPerfect 10 and nowhere does it say that it is anything but the FULL version . But it is NOT ! After installing , I was astounded to learn that there is NO search function -LRB- Quickfinder -RRB- ! I do n't consider searching files to be some `` full featured professional '' function that can just be dropped from a `` home '' version -- it 's pretty basic stuff . How Corel can just drop it is beyond me . Oh sure , it may be some third-party software that would have additional licensing fees , but give me a break ! What good is a word processor without the ability to search its own files ?!?! Shame on COREL !
 I bought WP Family Pack 3 and it seems ok . However , I have never received my money from the rebate back . Just be careful ...
 I was disappointed with this product -- thankfully I did n't pay much for it . I had difficulty importing files from other word processors , and it locked up on me several times . Seems to me a lot of features are missing that are available in other word processors , too . Anyways , I uninstalled it and bought a Microsoft product . The incompatibilty issues of WordPerfect Family Pack were just too bothersome to deal with.I ca n't recommend this to anyone -LRB- unless you need a word processor to design birthday banners -RRB- .
 Could not get this program to run and I 'm not sure what the problem was . The disk would show the first screen but I could never get the program to load or run . The PDF manual is very poor and does not have any troubleshooting info and the company does not offer telephone support for this product . I tried an email and did not get a response . I 'm not sure what I was doing wrong but since there was no help available , it was quite frustrating.If you are tech savvy this may be a fine program for you but I finally gave up after trying to get it to run several times .
 I 'd say this product was bad for a non-techie user . There were no instructions and , even though there was a graphic that showed my computer was `` clean , '' I never was totally sure that it had done what I wanted it to . I 'm assuming it did and I gave away my PC but I 'm still not 100 % comfortable .
 this was a wast of money for me as it would not work on my computer , I also bought another Cd rom from the USA and that would not work either , the format is different but your not told this when you but from the states , expensive to ship also .
 It would have been nice if they included a floppy . I wasted 40 dollars onthis because I came to the part where they said I needed a floppy anddid n't have one . And did n't have time to go out and buy one . Putting afloppy in the package would have cost them all of 25 cents .
 Game would not load - screen repeatedly came up to trial version completed - if you want to buy for 19.99 order here . No phone number to call . Website deadend . Very frustrating !!!! Do n't waste your money .
 I 've run some of these machines in real life , and I must say this game gets really close in some ways , but it also misses hilariously in other ways.For a start , you must be able to come up with your own ideas , as there are only ten game missions -LRB- with three levels of difficulty -RRB- . There are a few issues with the machines I have as well . For one , it 's not seven machines , it 's five ; two of the machines have attachments . I find the missions that are included to be rather simple and quick . If you like the action to move along , you should like this one.Do not look for jobs like removing and installing septic tanks , or leveling a piece of hilly terrain , for you will not find such a creature in this game , unless you pick a spot to do it in the free play -LRB- more on that in a moment -RRB- . The machines are excellent visually , and the terrain is also excellent . When you break ground , you do away with grass and bring up brown dirt . When you dump dirt on the ground , it mounds up nicely . And if you accidentally get too close a hole you just dug , you will fall in and may not be able to get yourself out.The machines controls are a little clumsy at first , and I highly recommend remapping the buttons to suit your preferences , especially if you use a laptop . I use the left side of the keyboard for boom controls , and the right side for chassis control.This game has a few glaring problems . For one , there is n't enough to actually do if you like to have missions to complete . Yes , there is a great free play side , but if you desire the chance to dig out water mains or install culverts , this game will disappoint you . Doing the free play is fun , but after a while it becomes rather boring as you can not save your progress . So if you want to make a bridge over the creek , you had better have some kind of plan that permits you to sit down and do it in one shot.Another issue is that the machines do n't ` handle ' like their real world counterparts . The dozer is too fast , the crane too slow , the excavator too weak , the front loader too underpowered with the forks on , etc. . The excavator lacks power to actually pull itself into the hole , though I 've seen it done with my own eyes in real life , and the machine was n't using a quarter of the power it had . If you do somehow fall in the hole ; game over , as the machine does n't pack the grunt to help you get out unless you 're lucky enough to land in the hole with the tracks down -LRB- that 's called ` driving into the hole ' actually -RRB- . It almost seems like the game designers got it to this point and hit the end of the budget and could n't do more with it . As you first get the game , it 's like `` this game is so cool ! I wan na ____ and _____ and then I 'm gon na _____ . '' and then you discover that it 's not really possible . For instance , in free play , you can not have the dump truck and the front loader in use at the same time , so the idea of moving dirt long distances becomes a long job for the front loader . Thankfully , the loader holds the same amount of dirt as the truck . In my mind , it almost feels like the truck is there because saying it 's got four machines , and two of those have attachments would n't have sounded as good as `` 7 machines '' . Throw in a truck , say the attachments justify calling it a new machine , and then you 're in business.The game gets two stars primarily because of the willingness to try . There are n't a lot of earth moving games out there -LRB- I can think of two other mainstream games , both European -RRB- in the genre , unfortunately , this game stops far too short to create a new genre . The concept is great , but carrying it out in the program falls short . More actual jobs to do , like installing septic tanks , leveling terrain for laying slab , etc , that kind of stuff would have made this game amazing . As is , it 's a lot like being tossed the keys to a machine , pointed towards one of ten areas , and told to have fun with it . After the new wears off , it 's boring . Unfortunately , once you figure out how to work the machines -LRB- less than two hours MAX -RRB- , then you 're going to discover the fun factor wearing off rapidly . If there were more to it , even something like `` you have n't earned enough money to buy the crane yet , you need $ 500 . '' would have made this one better than current . As is , you do n't have to accomplish anything to reach the pinnacle of playerdom . You can dink around in free play , and it 's all unlocked for you without any skill required.Now , this game would be excellent for a kid , but they may have trouble keeping track of which control is worked by which button . As someone who was looking for more in the simulator line , I was disappointed.Keep in mind that as far as user created addons go , this game is an orphan . If there are addons , I 've found none , and I think a lot has to do with the name . construction destruction seems more like the name of a company rather than a game . Even then , I 've found zero fansites dedicated to the game , which means that I 've found zero user missions or user addons to spice it up . What 's in the game is all you 're going to get unless you have the technical knowhow to design your own addons . If that 's the case , go a step farther and make your own game ! Valusoft games normally are totally driven by user mods , but this one either was n't good enough to generate interest , or it 's too complex to do.It 's a fun game , but after the new wears off , it 's nothing special . The end result just falls to short to kickstart the heavy equipment game market .
 This is suppose to be a cheap , simple kids game . It is n't any game at all . The control buttons do n't work , and it quickly crashes my computer . -LRB- I have a P4 with XP that works well on everything else -RRB- . There is no exit button , and control/alt/delete will not even get me out of this mess . So , I have to turn off the power to my computer -LRB- not a good thing -RRB- , just to get out of it . I downloaded the patch for it . It does n't help . This is another `` value soft '' product that seems to mean garbage , does n't work , do n't bother , and buy something else .
 I have n't received my order . I was supposed to get before Christmas . It 's now January 13 and I still have received this game .
 I 've enjoyed using this software but every time I open it I 'm informed I only have so many out of 20 or so times left to register . I 've given them my email address , with no response . I 've tried their website and received a key , typed it in , and still it gives me an error . I would give this a five-star rating if I thought I could use it beyond the specified trial period . It has a lot of fun features . I may just have to return it for my money back . Would rather not .
 The product did not work with Parkervision routers , and evidently does not with others as well . The response from OTO software is that they would come up with a solution in a `` timely '' manner . Three months later an email to them resulted in the reply that they were not going to be doing anything like that at all . A waste of money and time .
 I 've had nothing but problems with this software . After many attempts with customer support , they were unable to help me and simply gave up , saying that the problem , `` was with my set-up , not their software . '' I finally uninstalled the program and threw it away . You are better off using your router 's built-in security features .
 LET IT BE KNOWN TO EVERYONE THAT THIS PROGRAM IS THE WORST PROGRAM I HAVE EVER BOUGHT ! THE PROGRAM DOES NOT WORK IN ANYWAY AND I SPENT ONE HOUR TRYING TO FIGURE OUT HOW TO WORK IT ! THE PROGRAM IS NOT A USER-FRIENDLY ONE AND DOES NOT ALLOW YOU TO EXPRESS YOURSELF ! THIS PROGRAM IS A SHEER WASTE OF MONEY !
 Never worked . Tried with 3 different OS 's ; 2k , XP Pro , and XP Pro 64 BIT and 2 different burners ; SONY & Plextor , with the same terrible results . All this horrible application is good for is filling your hard drive with huge garbled files or DVD coasters -LRB- the couple times it actually attempted to burn the garbled files -RRB- . NO SUPPORT ! NONE ! NADA ! ZIPPO ! PHANTOM COMPANY ! Worst application I have ever purchased , without exception . STAY AWAY FROM EVERYTHING INTERVIDEO AT ALL COSTS ! NOTHING BUT ENDLESS FRUSTRATION AND BLUE SCREENS !
 I purchased a copy of DVD Copy 4 and a couple of weeks later they released version 5 . I filled out their online support form to get a free upgrade since it 's in their 90 day window for free upgrades and they never responded . Sent them an Email a few days later and still no response . I just called them at 5:45 pm PST and it says their office is closed and their hours are 9:00 am to 6:00 pm PST . This company is a joke , stay away !
 This software is a total waste of money . It does not even deserve as star . The 3 easy steps to copy a DVD are actually 3 complicated steps
 Loading the program never got any farther than entering your name to start playing . As soon as we entered a name and clicked `` Start '' it went back to desktop screen . We tried various ways to make it work but it always quit and went back to the desktop screen . We returned the software .
 I am a reading tutor for grades 1-3 , and I thought my students may enjoy trying some reading games - I gave them a try first and they were so poorly organized , I wo n't even let my students try . The `` phonics '' are never said by the computer for the student - it shows a cat for short a , but does n't tell you the specific sound that short a makes - not acceptable ! There is also no way to pick a specific phonic or game for a student to work on - you just load the cd and have to go through the games , 1 by 1 ... . This is going back to the store ! If I could give it ZERO stars , I would ...
 This software is very out of date , and has been superceded by the lastest release , Creative Suite CS2 .
 Graphics are an improvement over the previous Hasbro version of Monopoly , but the special features are annoying . Seriously , how many times do you want to hear `` Mr. Monopoly '' exclaim , `` Eighter from Decateur ! '' or `` Show me the money , Sack ! '' ? Not to mention the annoying animated tokens or the dizzying 3D `` camera work . `` Trades are confusing , and the computer opponents play the game like crazed lunatics . Wait until one gets a monopoly and starts building houses . The turn will take forever , as the elated opponent gleefully mortages everything in sight in a frantic attempt to add another building.I 've had two versions of Monopoly for the computer and have been disappointed with both . On the other hand , a $ 20.00 Super Nintendo cartridge of the game generated hours of fun . The graphics were simpler and the options were fewer , but maybe that 's why I enjoyed it .
 I guess I should not have expected the computer version of Monopoly to be any more exciting than the board game . It is , after all , Monopoly ! But at least in the board game , you are moving more muscles than your index finger ! I played this game at a relative 's house , and I am very glad I did so . I now know not to buy it . Not only is it very slow , but also it is very hard to see . I needed a magnifying glass to view some of the graphics . I do suggest this game for chronic insomniacs -- within thirty minutes , you will be out like a light !!!
 I 'm not sure what 's wrong with the dice generator on this game or how the odds are stacked . However , I bought this game to have a little fun with a computer opponent -LRB- one -RRB- . Everyone knows that if you play again one opponent the game will go faster . So I like to just spend a short time -LRB- an hour or less playing -RRB- . However I find that when I play against one computer opponent I will usually lose . For example the computer will usually get first roll and will usually get all properties of one color first . If you do n't mind losing time and time again -LRB- you 're a little masochistic -RRB- then this is fun . I have looked for updates or patches to this program but have never seen any that will balance the lopsided ` luck ' that the computer usually has . I must say then that the computer has ` loaded dice . ' Has anyone else had the same experience ? Is this problem corrected in newer versions ? I 'll give it two stars for the ability to play online against a human opponent but the computer opponent 's ` luck ' knocks off 4 starsAddition
 I love playin the monopoly game.But unfortually the one i got will not work so i guess ill just stick to buying cd.s NO GAMES
 This package is made up of individual applets that are accessible via a single program interface . However , you have to run the install from every cd -LRB- 11 cd 's -RRB- in order for the program to work . The documentation does not mention this.Even though the program claims to MAC compatible I have been unable to get it to run . The MAC install is horrible and the program continually crashes . Also note that this program is not OS X compatible as it is a classic application so it wo n't work if you do n't have OS 9 installed . This is n't mentioned in the documentation either.I contacted tech support and waited several days for a reply . Their tech support was not helpful nor did they resolve the issue.I am now attempting to get the software working on a Windows PC .
 I purchased this `` deluxe '' set for my young son to supplement our homeschooling . The installation of this software is very confusing , and I received zero instructions with the set -- I only received the 11 CD-ROMs and a little slip of paper that basically gave me tech support information.I only loaded about four of the eleven CD-ROMs because with each subsequent intallation I got angrier and angrier at the idiocy of the program and the mediocre to sub-standard product that these people are hawking . -LRB- We also own the Elementary School Success 2006 set of CD-ROMs that focuses on math , geography and science , and these 11 CD-ROMs , although not all of them have value , are a much more useful software set to purchase . -RRB- For example , in the Phonics set there is a CD-ROM entitled `` Letters . '' The program askes your child to pick a letter , and then on that `` page '' you are to click on pictures of words in the toolbar that begin with that letter -LRB- there are no pictures provided that DO N'T start with the chosen letter -RRB- . So basically your child chooses a letter , clicks on three or four pictures that all start with that letter , those pictures are then transferred from the toolbar to the `` page '' and that 's it . Oh , you CAN print the page too for ... reference ? The graphics are about the quality of a super low-budget cartoon.Another CD-ROM is about beginning sounds . It will show a letter in the middle of the page , and around the letter are six pictures . Your child needs to highlight the pictures that begin with that sound and then click on a button to see if they are right . If they are right , the little `` tutor '' voice will say something like , `` Wow ! You 're right ! '' If the child is wrong , the voice says rude thinks like , `` Uh-huh , that 's not right ! Nooooo waaaaaaay ! '' It 's not really what she says , it is how she says it , with a condescending tsk-tsk tone . It annoyed the heck out of me . And , again , the graphics are about as low-budget as you can get -- the letter was `` b '' and one of the pictures that I thought I was clicking on was a bird , but the rude little voice kept saying I was wrong , I had to click on the `` answer '' button , and apparently the little bird was suppose to be a penguin ... but it looked like a baby blue bird!The other two CD-ROMs that I looked at were in the same vein as the two mentioned above . So , as far as educational software , skip this set . Your money would be better spent on just about anything else out there .
 This material is available legally and free of copyright or charge at Gutenberg and other online ebook sevices in formats compatible with most ebook readers/PDAs . Why enrich someone when the jewels of the worlds literature are available free of charge ?
 This version absolutely does not open with Windows XP . Might need 95 , might be able to use 98 .
 Make SURE you have Windows 95 for this version , will NOT install or play on anything higher !!!!!
 But it did work on my windows 95 computer for a little while . Then , it started having technical difficulties on there too . Probably will perform best on a windows 98 computer . Good luck !
 Worthless . No autorun . Nearly shut down my cd-drive . Cheap is its only attribute . Do not buy this .
 I feel a compelled to warn all parents that the content in this software is far too graphic for children . The fairy tales are completely altered and disturbing . In one setting a hunter cuts own the stomach of a wolf to remove Little Red Riding Hood and her Grandmother . Although you do n't witness the carnage , the mental picture is distrubing . I trashed my copy within a day .
 My twin almost-four year olds are fast becoming video game veterans - the Jump Start Series , Winnie the Pooh , Pajama Sam . This game got on my nerves quickly - when you try to move from room to room , EVERY SINGLE TIME it asks `` Are you SURE you want to go through this door ? Yes or no ? '' and makes you click on an up-thumb or a down-thumb . That gets old FAST . If you click on a door , obviously you want to go through it ! It does not allow you to hit the `` escape '' key to skip the long , dull opening narrative as most games do after you 've played it once . You do n't want the five-minute story EVERY time . Every room you enter requires you to sit through another long narrative describing what you can easily see just by looking at the room . Most games would allow you to click and skip the talk . Not this one . No way to turn off the self-involved talky Brit who wrote this . -LRB- From the UK -RRB- . Pajama Sam is a better alternative to this , but you 'll have to walk through that one the first time with the under-6 age group . After one walk through , though , my toddlers loved PS . This one they walked away from in disinterest after only 15 minutes ... very poorly designed , IMHO .
 I was a little disappointed when I discovered that the software version I bought was for a Mac operating system.I have a PC . I am out sixty-some dollars and can not resell this software because it was flagged for piracy through eBay . Fun stuff .
 It took me a while to understand what is involved in this game . The idea behind the game is so simple that at first I did n't believe I had it right . You have to match the pattern on some gifts to a pattern on the clothing of the witches . The trick seems to be that one of the five witches is almost impossible to find . This means that you look at the same screens over and over and click on the same pictures again and again . The witches come out and say things that no child could understand ; it has a very dry , very adult sense of humor . And very , very boring !!!! Also , the game pops back and forth from Dutch to English at its whim . Very annoying when one of those long speeches comes on and you have to listen to the whole thing in a foreign language . I would n't recommend this game to anyone .
 This software was unable to operate with my system configuration and Global Village Inc. , has refused to refund my monies even though the software was sent back to them . Do n't buy this product .
 I had a number of small problems with this product upon install . I downloaded 4.0 d patch from the WhollyGenes.com website . It took care of some of the problems , but not all . There was an additional free upgrade for 4.0 users , but Wholly Genes has a strict invoice only policy . If you buy 4.0 and are on Windows XP , keep your invoice as well as your registration and serial number information so you 'll be able to get a working copy . You 'll have to contact Support at Wholly Genes to get your upgrade.A new note to add to this review . While the functionality of this program does seem superior to other Genealogy packages I 've used -LRB- Family TreeMaker , Generations , PAF -RRB- , the manual and help -LRB- after the free upgrade -RRB- are very limited and do not fully detail all of the tools available in the software . Also , a new CD and Manual for v5 were promised after the upgrade , but nearly 8 months later it has not arrived although Version 5.x is for sale -LRB- no more free upgrades from 4.x ? -RRB- on the Wholly Genes website .
 I purchased this software given that it had so many positive reviews and had plenty of functionality to do everything I could want to do with my genealogical data . I saw comments about the interface being ancient but figured this was managable . This software is really hampered by its antiquated interface , however . It is leftover from Windows 3.1 and has not been upgraded . While I could work my way around it , doing so was awkward and cumbersome . In preparation for a family meeting I finally broke down and bought Family Tree Maker . I 'm not disappointed . I was able to quickly and efficiently get my data typed in and produce useful reports . I figure if I ever really need the reporting capabilities of TMG Silver I can always export my data to it and generate any desired reports -- though , I do n't look forward to ever having to do so.I kind of feel sorry for TMG because it was clearly a leader at some point and part of -LRB- what I presume -RRB- to be small firm . However , they just have n't done the work required to make this a user-friendly product.One caveat
 I bought this product to create wall sized descendant charts . Wholly Genes also has a printing service and , of course , they recommend this product to design your chart . It may have been competitive years ago , but today it is n't . I created a four generation descendant chart with about 100 names . FTST gives you a choice of `` vertical '' or `` horizontal . '' No in between . Both charts ended up about 1 foot by 10 feet . And it took a full two minutes to create each one . Family Tree Maker created a better chart in about two seconds and allowed combining vertical and horizontal for a more compact chart that will also fit on a wall or desk . Both allow you to manually move the boxes . And there are online printing services who will print a large chart from your FTM data in three days . FTST 's service wants three weeks.Before uninstalling it I tried the `` Web Search '' feature . You point to a name in your database and FTST will submit that name to five online databases for you . It did that . -LRB- Four actually ; one site was apparantly obsolete . -RRB- But that 's all it does -- submits the names . It does not submit any additional information at hand , like date or place of birth , so you end up with a huge , undifferentiated pile of results.You can do lots better than Family Tree Super Tools .
 While this software is a little helpful I 'm not sure it 's helpful enough , for $ $ . I was looking for a way to create a slideshow of my family tree for an upcoming family reunion . Since this product makes this claim `` even create slide shows to celebrate your heritage '' I thought that this must be the product for me . Well I was wrong.Family Tree SuperTools is no different than any other family tree software , it only let 's you create a slideshow for one indiviual and only with those items that are in the scrapbook for that person . So no actual family tree info ends up in the slideshow . If your CD burner has it 's own slideshow software then you ' v already got better software than this package will supply you.The search tools that this software have are ok but basically this software is just like any other family tree software I have tried , there really is n't much of anything new here.I contacted Wholly Genes to try to get some information and they have never replied . Strike two in my opinion.All in all a very disappointing piece of software .
 The interface and functions of this program appear and behave like a clunky beta version of lowgrade shareware . The program shell does n't size correctly to the desktop , ironically leaving the `` Hide '' button hidden . The software does n't deliver on its performance promises in too many ways . The keystrokes it captured were not only random and limited , but were cluttered with a lot of garbage that was never typed . Instant message captures were random as well . Not all messages were captured . Screenshots worked okay . Documentation is non-existent , and support is available via e-mail only . It strikes me that this software is simply not ready for release , and is not a suitable choice for adequate child protection - not at this or any other price . I 'll be looking at SpectorPro from Spector Software .
 Eight months ago I purchased this software . I had initial problems with installation . It took several attempts to install . The program has no created or suggested lists of words -LRB- profanity , etc. -RRB- that signals the detection . Instead , yuou must create your own lists . Customer service told me that the lists were removed because people were offended by the words in them . This program also will not work if you are using XP 's user accounts . If your child has been given a limited account QuietEye will not function on these accounts . Instead it notifies me that I am being watched ! Customer service told me over 6 months ago that they were aware of the problem and an upgrade would be available in a few months . If I could n't wait , they suggested that I seek a refund . Right ! Still waiting ! I agree with another reviewer who feels that this is more of a beta version . I suggest you look at other products .
 BEWARE - If you are expecting to get the entire suite , you wo n't be getting it ! I lost my original 1.1 discs and was told to purcase the upgrade . This upgrade is only 1 disc that contains ONLY Acorobat 7.0 .
 I purchased this program two days previous to writing this review -LRB- however , not from your online store , so you have nothing to be blamed for -RRB- and chose to review it because I feel that my money has been wasted in doing so , and I would like you to know my personal views on this program before buying it yourself . Talking Max is a voice-recognition program where you use voice commands to opperate and control a cartoon parrot . Oh yes , I should mention that there is a microphone included in the package , which was n't fully brought to my attention when purchasing the item at the time , so I had to drive all the way back to return a microphone that I did n't need . The program itself , however , is a very great idea , but what is not clearly explained on the box -LRB- but will be told to you now -RRB- is that Max can not handle just any old voice command , but instead , specific phrases that he recognizes . What is also annoying , is the fact that it can not clearly destinguish the difference between these phrases , and for me kept on opening the help screen or asking if I wanted to quit the program over and over again , not to mention the fact that it keeps trying to sign you on-line every time you open the program . What a hassel !! Untill speech recognition can be improved , games such as this are a long ways away from being enjoyable to work with .
 Hopefully , they 'll clean this up . Right now , it 's not ready for prime time . I am a power user with 5 years of data.I work the heck out of this program . I had to reinstall once because it mangled my data . It crashed at least half a dozen times during initial setup . Now that I 've got it working , it 's lost my online payee info . I do n't see anything here I could n't live without -LRB- they did n't make it any easier to update mortgage payments -RRB- . I 'm sorry I broke my own rule -- do n't install `` beta '' software . Wait six months !
 I had to install 4 times . Once it wouldnt pay my bills . Once it showed my 401k balance $ 0 , Once it lost online payee info.Tech Support spent an half hour helping me get it to where I could send a payment . Next time I tried to send a payment it would n't work again.I have uninstalled Q2007 and reinstalled Q2006 and have no problems whatsoever since .
 Do n't bother - Keep using 2006 - not worth the money for the upgrade .
 Even though I have 10 years experience in programming and a grappics background , I found this program extremely hard to use . It was easier to learn how to speak Drench than it was to use this sadist piece of software.The misleading features list on the back of the box makes everything sound to easy to create , but I found it near impossible to do anything constructive with this program without seeminly spending hours upon hours to try and figure out how to use it.If you can make the program do what is says on the back of the box , then you 're probably also able to put together a car transmission blindfolded too.Can you read minds ? There is no printed manual included , only a cheesy in-program manual that is of no help and does n't explain the various features or how to use them . Unless you wrote the program or have a mathematics degree , you probably do NOT want to buy this program.Worse , I could not return it , because software is generally not returnable once you open it.Oh well , now I have a ... coaster for my desk ! And a renewed desire to check out software reviews BEFORE I plunk down my hard-earned cash on a piece of poorly designed software .
 I thought this was a cd but it ended up being a game . I did not realize it when i purchased it . I have not played it because i am not interested in playing a game . The item description could have been more clear to avoid misunderstanding
 I was very disappointed in this product , based on the shipping weight of almost 1lb and the demensions of 8x2x9 i was expecting a doodle board to come with it instead of just a cd rom . If your looking for a doodle board this is not the ad for you .
 My eight-year old son would n't go near this after trying it for one afternoon . The typing lessons are fine , they cover all the basics , but unless your child is super focused and diligent there are simply too many demands before you get to a reward -LRB- game -RRB- . Although designed for kids , it is really not super kid-friendly . The rewards are too far apart , and frankly , not worth the effort . The voices used in this program are annoying , and Typer Island is dull dull dull . It really would have been easy to make this an interesting program ... if only someone had thought it through . The creators should look to such educational games as Chess with Fritz and Chesster and some of the Reader Rabbit programs to understand incentives for kids .
 Actually , do n't even try to run this unless you 're kid is running as an Administrator on the machine ... or it wo n't run properly . And if you 're running Vista , it will trigger the `` User Account Control '' every time as well . Supports Vista ? Well , it * does * run ... but only after the User Account Control.On our son 's computer , we do n't let him run as Administrator , but with a limited account -LRB- so he ca n't mess with the parental controls or do other bad stuff -RRB- . He likes the game , but every time he goes to play it/use it , we have to enter the password , etc. . It 's a royal pain . Had we known this , we never would have bought it .
 This game is perfectly awful and not fun at all.It jumps right into typing without introduction . Moreover , it has an annoying interface that repeats phrases over and over and over until you respond or put a hammer into the monitor.I 'm trashing my copy -LRB- I do n't feel morally comfortable selling it to someone -RRB- and getting my son a good solid version of Mavis Beacon .
 My daughter likes the typing game . However , it does lots of harm to the computer . After installing and running this game , my computer is totally ruined !
 Dificient contents as a paid computer based material . I was expecting this MWCD would be more full coverage dictionary rather than a thinny handdy reference . Lacking examples and ediums , it only offers short definitions of words which is not eye-catchingly displayed though by the way . Relatively easy install and access , yes I agree on that . But it did bump with my Windows ME and word 2000 several times and I needed to boot-up again once in a while . Slow pop up was another pain . You may want the definition boxs to come up in 2 seconds when you have COMPUTER DICTIONARY INSTALLED , not ten seconds chewing your finger and listening your hard drive deadly spinning . I also felt crooked that there are many free on-line dictionaries with comparable quality -LRB- actually I feel them better -RRB- including pronounceation . One virtue of this MWCD is it plays on and with word processing software . With a few mouse clickings , you can consult and find right on working paper .
 The last System Requirement shown on the box states '' ... a compatible text processing program . '' It is only when you read the Read Me file on the CD that you find out the only compatible program listed is Microsoft Word for the Mac . The Merriam-Webster web site -LRB- www.Merriam-Webster.com -RRB- is more specific
 Do n't wast your money on this spell checker . You will get some new words added to your existing checker -LRB- you could add them yourself -RRB- It 's not really a spell checker , it is an add on to the spell checker you already have .
 I was sooo disappointed by this set of CD-Rom . The quality of the images is just not acceptable , the resolution is low -LRB- not more than 640x480 -RRB- , and the colors are awful . Some images exhibit strong dithering artifacts suggesting that they are 8 bit only . The color fidelity is just incredibly bad . I can not even believe that one can dare show such bad colors . I do not even know how one can manage to get such bad colors . I am not talking about the slight color shift that you sometimes notice from one book to another , I am talking about terribly wrong and ugly colors , with saturation you would not imagine and soem parts of the paintings completely washed out or darkened . Watching the Van Goghs was a nightamre , I first did not even believe that this was a Van Gogh . Do n't buy this CD-ROM !
 Again - software sold in a pretty box by Fogware and an ancient program inside . They are located in San Jose , CA with close access to talented computer people yet continue to make products that make pong look good . Very old program with poor graphics .
 The saying `` You get what you pay for '' truly applies to this program . It came free when I purchased my camcorder and I must say , I have not come across a bigger piece of garbage . It has a slick interface but thats about it . Its not only excruciatingly slow but freezes up and crashes ten times out of ten . I 've used it 10 times but not once have I had any success . Every time it had crashed or frozen up at one point or another . I 'd recommend Microsoft 's free `` Moviemaker '' over this piece of junk anytime .
 it is no good because everything that i put on dvd the voices and video are out of sync
 I purchased version 4 of this product after many years of satisfaction using version 2 . I installed the product and after aplying the updates from the ulead web site , my computer freezes every time that I run the program . I can not get out of the program or shut down . After I experienced this problem , I found out that many others have complained of this on their web site . I sent an email to tech support after 12 hours I got a response asking for my system information , and have heard nothing since . My system is unstable and crashes for no reason.They have no phone support number on their web site . Their customer service number gives out a number on a recording if you choose tech support . Unfortunately , that number has been changed to an unlisted number . Pretty bad when you have to unlist your tech support number.I wish I had never heard of this product .
 Short and sweet : -LRB- 1 -RRB- program crashes for no reason when burning to DVD . -LRB- 2 -RRB- after using `` Reduce size to fit a DVD '' program crashes . -LRB- 3 -RRB- after editing and using `` Joining/Separating video '' audio is always out of sync , and I have tried everything to make it work . -LRB- 4 -RRB- save anything to file after editing and the first several frames flicker . -LRB- 5 -RRB- after 30 days , forget it , the support you were promise will disappear . You can e-mail them all you want , they will not answer .
 This is the worst software EVER !!! If I could give it less than 1 star , I would . Constantly freezing up computer and have wasted too much of my life trying to get it to work ! The programmers have tried to make this software look `` fancy '' by giving it brushed aluminum skins , but this just slows it down and wastes memory . They should have made this software DO WHAT IT IS SUPPOSED TO DO , and that is make DVDs ! It is no wonder that people want to buy Macs when PCs are drug down by this kind of garbage software . Am uninstalling this from my computer and buying anything but Ulead products from now on .
 Ulead seems to be building a reputation of creating horrible software . The only reason I got this was because it was included with my dvd burner drive , bringing back awful memories of trying to use their video editting software a few years back . This software is worthless . Every time I try to burn a DVD , it reaches up to about 75 % , then it just stops . It just stops . And of course the error message that displays merely contains an error code that means nothing to me . So only use this software if you enjoy wasting pricey DVDRs .
 I bought this originally as a TBYB version , then bought the full one , with downloads from their site . Tried to upgrade once I realized it still had MANY bugs , and what do I find ? I CA N'T upgrade because it says I do n't have the full version ! Took forever to find out , their support site is terriblem , that if you upgrade from a TBYB you CAN NOT upgrade with the patch . Support was worthless on this , and STILL has n't answered me after two weeks.DVD authoring is so so , but it still crashes for unknown reasons , and the menus are short and not very diverse . Forget making Audio CD 's without the patch , it will randomly distort the audio . Why this was ever released is beyond me . Forget this company and buy a real product .
 Buyer BEWARE !! This program sucks ! It will not perform as promised . The box is totally misleading . It freezes up every time . I was only able to convert a file ONCE . It 's useless . It crashed my system so bad that I had to do a hard start , and then nothing came back until I did a system restore . Do not be fooled !! Stay away from this program !!!
 This software bundle is ... easy to use ??? HAH !!! Give me a break !!! Compared to my previous program , using Photoshop Elements 2.0 is EXTREMELY hard . And does Adobe say that it 's nothing more than a dumbed down version of the hard to use & expensive Adobe Photoshop ? Or that crucial features from that never made it into its cheaper brethren ? Of course not !!! If you did , you 'd never touch it with a 10 ft. poll !!! And what about how Photoshop Album 2.0 is n't compatible with all imaging formats ? I found it REALLY odd that was the case . Especially since Photoshop Elements 2.0 is -LRB- Somebody was definitely asleep at the switch . -RRB- The way I see it , you can either give me the best , or do n't bother giving it to me at all . Do n't take a great product like Adobe Photoshop , dumb it down , then offer it to me , because I 'll never buy substandard products . In short , do n't waste your money . Go for a program like Ulead PhotoImpact XL . It costs about $ 25 - $ 30 cheaper , and it does what it advertises . It 's also something that was built , from the ground up , to give you the best value for your money . You just do n't get that with this software bundle . What a rip-off !!!
 This program is just too time consuming and difficult . Why spend hours and hours trying to do something . The help is not helpful , no support , poor documentation . Big disappointment
 This may be a sophificated program , but give me a break ! I 've spent 2 days trying to just enlarge a snap shot to an 8x10 size -LRB- which I was able to do with my eyes closed with the Adobe photo shop home edition 3.0 -RRB- . But when I got a new printer and Windows XP , I could n't use the old program . I hate this thing !! Shame on you for making it so user unfriendly . I 'll try to get my money back ,
 These science review disks are completely superficial . The photos and graphics poorly illustrate the ideas and there is not enough information to help students at any level improve their grades . You would be better off wathing PBS regularly . I teach high school biology and earth science and these disks are a rip off ! Any decent teacher could put together better power point presentations !
 Bought this product about a month back for my Sony/Ericsson T616 . But I did not realize , that I am paying for half functional product . Only think is working with the base version
 I was sent the wrong item , on those grounds , I leave amazon , a bad review . Returning it was a slightly frustrating process , but the worst part was hearing that I could not exchange it for the correct product , without paying a high price.Rosetta Stone software , in general , is great and very Convenient and effective , I reccommend that , 5 stars .
 I was VERY disappointed in this item . I have contacted the seller to receive a full refund to no avail . I thought I was receiveing a original Rosetta Stone Italian learning CD but what I got was a knock off from Thailand . Needless to say I wound not recommend anyone ordering anything from this seller .
 If I had $ 1 for every time a CS2 app crashed and made expend real hours to redo work , I 'd have about $ 10 . And that 's enough for me to say , BEWARE of this set of applications ! Adobe has allowed them to get too bloated , too slow , and the results are that all the programs -LRB- but principally GoLive , InDesign and Illustrator , in that order -RRB- are crashy and will quite suddenly , forcing you to expend the precious hours of your life redoing work you just finished . I can not stress how disappointed I am in Adobe , and how distraught I am that we as a nation have allowed the only two competing companies to join , thus guaranteeing that there will be less quality and innovation in the future . In any event , do not buy the CS2 apps , Adobe does not deserve your support!If I had $ 1 for every time a CS2 app crashed and made expend real hours to redo work , I 'd have about $ 10 . And that 's enough for me to say , BEWARE of this set of applications ! Adobe has allowed them to get too bloated , too slow , and the results are that all the programs -LRB- but principally GoLive , InDesign and Illustrator , in that order -RRB- are crashy and will quite suddenly , forcing you to expend the precious hours of your life redoing work you just finished . I can not stress how disappointed I am in Adobe , and how distraught I am that we as a nation have allowed the only two competing companies to join , thus guaranteeing that there will be less quality and innovation in the future . In any event , do not buy the CS2 apps , Adobe does not deserve your support !
 I received my CS2 yesterday and ended up spending over three hours on the phone with Adobe with installation issue and another 45 minutes this morning trying to get my free gift to no avail . Beware of what they tell you re
 I bought this software , and when I was unable to open it with Windows XP I sent an email to customer support . I received a timely response and at this time I learned that it is only designed for Palm use . I simply had assumed it was for PC use and so it was my mistaken purchase . I did not read the description carefully enough before making my purchase . Just be sure you understand that you can not use it on a PC . I do n't have a Palm so I can not report any further .
 I am a CompTIA A + , Network + , Server + Certified Technician and a Microsoft Certified Professional working in the industry for over ten years and I have professionally supported and personally owned and used every Microsoft Windows Operating System since Windows for Workgroups version 3.11 and this release of Windows is by far the least worthy comparatively speaking . I actually returned my copy back to Amazon since -LRB- although my hardware passed the specifications before buying Vista based on tests done through the Microsoft Site -RRB- too many of my gadgets and their firmware / softwares , such as Gaming Keyboard , Gaming Mouse , Joystic , Data / Voice Fax Printer , and so on had Driver issues . I must be honest here and admit that my system developed other issues after the installation of VISTA that may not necessarily be attributable to the Vista OS but never the less the system had major Driver and Firmware issues with other industry standard and modern -LRB- Post 2003 -RRB- hardware peripherals . I may try it again some time next year when I purchase it as a preinstalled part of a Laptop or something but for the time being I had no time or patience and willingness to come home from working on supporting computer problems and work on solving problems caused by Vista.In the end this WIndows version does have some redeemable qualities -LRB- IIS 7 is a blast -RRB- and I imagine that there are some home built custom PCs and some DElls and HPs -LRB- both of which I have also supported VISTA Driver Issues on for commercial clients -RRB- that do n't remind one of the first release of Windows 95 or Windows ME -LRB- lots of Blue Screens and Lock ups -RRB- , but by comparison to XP Pro edition , which was almost completely stable and played really well with others from release 1 , this release of Windows is Not Ready for Prime Time and I do not recomend it , especially for custom PC builders using OEM Hardware and Software and for beginning users .
 As a windows fan , all my hyped feelings were gone after 10-day test drive of this ultimate edition . My current system is P4 3.2 GB , 3GB DDR , ATI All-in-Wonder X800 , and Creative Audigy 2 Plantium .1 . CPU usage is up to 90 % using Aero glass and IE7 opening at the same time , despite 3GB of memory in the system .2 . ATI driver is n't fully compatible yet , the screen sometimes looks horrible after the system waking up from the sleep mode .3 . Music plays are constantly paused due to the high CPU usage & beta sound card driver .4 . Receiving Blue Screen twice with no solution found .5 . Horrible unicode reading from Windows Media Player 11 .
 I bought the windows vista upgrade version . Save yourself the trouble and do n't upgrade . The software created tons of problems and is no good in fixing them . Wait for the non beta version .
 Windows Vista has many features which could have been accomplished with Windows 95 , 98 , 2000 , XP ... It appears with the appearance of Vista , Microsoft is desperate , and to me , the use of this useless software violates my Constitutional Rights and I 'll try to be brief in explaining why ; 1 . The FDA supposedly inspects every Prescription Drug on the Market -102 . Microsoft is building data centers and coincidentally the FBI is building a Billion Dollar Data Center , Patriots Act comes to mind . We the People of a Free Country are treated as Terrorists . -103 . Ole Billy Boy Changes the definition of what is Oral and Bleep Bleep . A slap on the hand is apparently sufficient . Hillary scams people with Swamp Land and screws up Health Care , has the DoRights take the rap and runs for the Presidency . -104 . The current President was a member of the Skulls , really auspicious in nature , New age Masons . Continues the Hunt of Bin Laden which is Futile since Bin Laden is in the service of the CIA . -105 . Gates started out in his garage , dropped out of College and in the time screwed over partners . So much for the Intelligence Level of supposed Harvard Graduates ... RFID -106 . If you actually commit a supposed crime , which I do n't , what do you think will happen ? Boing , Slammer , Boing . -10 The List goes on ... Microsoft committed plagiarism , copyright infringement , piracy , so forth ... . The internet and the Software is open source in nature and is thus considered Public Domain . We buy the food , we eat the food , it is ours . Vista or any other software can have all the Eye Candy it wants but it still does not change the fact that XP , linux , OSX , etc. is still far superior . How many Politicians and Flunky Corporate Dogs so forth were threatened and/or paid off to allow such Crap on the Market and now Microsoft wants to bring the Corporations together to help the Poor and Feed the Hungry , if it 's with Vista , they 'll definitely starve to Death.Installed Vista on many computers and bought a copy , other than from Microsoft , and will never install . The Schill thought of having such crappy software on my computer , brrr a cold day in Hell.Why has parts of my review been edited . Microsoft Windows Vista implements Spyware within their products and restricts full use of their newest Operating System . The sections edited by Amazon were relevant within the Review . I bought the product and I should be able to review how I see fit . `` How much more of this eves Dropping supposed technology is going to be put onto the Market . Might as well Invoke Martial Law . I am waiting for the Second Great Depression with Open Arms than to use Microsoft Windows Vista . Technology for Freedom ? Freedom over Technology ? This is not strictly with Microsoft but since the subject is up which person and/or persons do you believe will be glancing through their Great Windows upon the Public Domain AKA Private Living Rooms , Bedrooms , Bathrooms ... If they want to change the Definition atleast keep it out of our Living Quarters . This is our Land , Country , Homes , and yet ignorance follows few in restricting the Freedoms in which we work and Fight for.Intelligence comes in many forms and Crime Up On High requires no form of Intelligence . I am now waiting for the Dark Room with a BlindFold . '' Just to add Steve Jobs Restricts the full use of the Mac so it 's to Linux we go.One other thing ; OOXML should not be allowed as a standard format unless Microsoft opens their Source Code to the Public Domain . Not to be abused but to be used for development and advancement but not under Microsoft 's watchful eye . I betcha if and when the source code is opened Microsoft will be liable for many more infringements than any other corporation , hint , hint , `` Enron ''
 I ca n't believe how old and outdated this program is . Do not waste your money !
 I used to have the print shop deluxe , which I was quite happy with . Because I got a new computer , I had to get a new program , so I bought the PrintMaster Gold Edition . I hate it so much , that this is the first review I have ever written . Please do n't waste your money !!! There are literally 1,000 's of abstract backgrounds and images ... why does anybody need that much of anything abstract ? I tried to create my own calendar ... VERY different from its predecessor . Not only that , they have `` better '' templates and clip-arts that you can buy from their store . Is n't that why I just bought this ??? Horrible !!!
 I wanted to make some posters and tshirt transfers , and thought this would be helpful . I ended up finding better clip art via Microsoft word and the internet , which was the main thing I was interested in . To be honest , I have n't explored it a whole lot more since then . It just did n't turn out to be as helpful and interesting as I thought it would be . I am also planning to make some invitations , but they did n't look that great either.Maybe it would be better for kid stuff . It was n't too expensive , but I did n't really get any use out of it .
 This software will send usage information about your child to the parent corporation for marketing . -LSB- ... -RSB- This is hidden in the `` User Agreement '' .
 Hash is a small business located in an empty church in Vancouver , Washington . They travel around the country doing the same demonstration over and over , trying to convince everyone that their software is better than anything else on the planet . Its like watching a late night infomercial . If you try to ask specific questions , the guy wo n't answer them and ask you to talk to him later.The software , while having some redeeming qualites , is pretty primitive . The big selling point is that it uses splines and `` Hash Patches '' . They do n't tell you how quirky the sofware is , or how unstable and prone to crashing and lock ups it is.The software comes on a CD that must be kept in your CD tray for the application to function . The documentation that comes with the software is a joke . A bunch of little tutorials that really do nothing to explain how to really work with the program . But `` Mr. Demonsrator '' addresses this in his presentation . `` When I want to learn about software I do n't read a book , I go to the website and ask questions in the forum '' . He says the same thing every time.But the forum is all volunteers , other users . The worst of it is that if you say anything bad about the software , Martin Hash himself -LRB- as if he does n't have anything better to do -RRB- will censor or edit your post . So of course , all you 'll see on Hash 's site is people raving about how great the software is . Try it , you do n't have to own the software to join the site . Join up and post how you like Maya 's interface better or something like that , and bingo ! , you 're censored.Animation Master works in a single window , you ca n't have mutltiple views of what you 're working on . This alone really puts it in lower league than a lot of other applications . Compared to Maya , 3Ds or Cararra , the render times in Animation Master are huge . It can take hours , even DAYS to render just a single frame . What I notice most of all is that there are a lot of `` users '' in the forum posting pretty pics , but not a lot of animations , and not a lot of high quality animations . There are some , but the fact that they are so far and few between leads me to believe that there is something inherent in the software that makes rendering tedious . This seems confirmed by Hash 's sensitivity to any comments about render times for Animation Master.A few years ago , the idea of a complete 3D software package for a few hundred dollars seemed unbelievable . But things have changed , and there are a lot more options out there , Cararra 3D basics for example . Take a look around , but if you buy Animation Master , just remember , you 're not going to get any customer service -LRB- I 've never had an e-mail answered from their `` technical support '' -RRB- , and when you go on-line , its not a forum where opinions are expressed and debated , its a fan club .
 You may skim over my review , discard it as just a bitter person ranting about software that annoys him ... But if you read some other reviews , you will see a common issue , for me THE issue.Don ' t get me wrong , I used to love Animation Master ! I used to love the patch modeling , for me , the most effective way to model ! It is second only -LRB- IMHO -RRB- to Maya , that 's right , Maya!However , and here is where I get angry ... Hash wants to be you 're `` One-and-only '' , which these days is like asking someone to have only one pair of socks or underwear ! PUH-LEAZE !!! I do n't know any serious 3D artist that only uses one package , except for a handful of Maya snobs , and even they are rare ! Everyone I know that is creating 3D models , graphics and animation , are using 3-5 programs on a regular basis !! Animation Master WILL NOT EXPORT !!!!! That 's right !!! They used to support DXF , and as pathetic as that was , I pine for the days I could export to DXF !! Last I spoke with their indifferent support staff , they all but told be to go poke myself.I have since moved on , which is sad really , I am a loyal consumer , to good products with good support . But when they turn their back on loyal users ? Well they can kiss my money good bye!I predict they will be defunct by 2010 .
 I 've been in the 3D industry for over 10 years , and I 've worked with Lightwave , Maya , Softimage , Modo and several others . I 'm also a graduate of Full Sail.There are several reasons to avoid Animation Master . The most prominent is that it is non-standard . For example they use spline modeling , which no major package uses . The list goes on . On top of that most of the features are not even documented . The manual is a small book with a couple tutorials , and if you hope to find a book by a third party , good luck . Just search on Amazon . Most of the books -LRB- all of 2 -RRB- are old and out of date . This further proves that no one uses this program . They do n't even have a trial of the program to test out . Probably because they know no one would buy it . They hope that by just hearing the good reviews -LRB- see below -RRB- then they have a chance to maybe sucker some people into it.Look for yourself , go to their site and look at their `` films '' page . Only a very small handful -LRB- maybe 3 or 4 -RRB- are actually good . The rest are god awful . With limited documentation how can you expect to learn it to use it.The other major problem is that without decent documentation you are left to go to their forum for help . The community is helpful , yes , BUT the moderators will delete any post that mentions another program , any negative comments about Animation Master and even posts about bugs.When they ask for feedback they only want to see good comments , no negatives or `` if only '' and `` buts '' . Go read it for yourself . Even the `` Off Topic '' thread says `` Go Nuts -LRB- but no competing product discussions -RRB- '' . They are deathly afraid of people hearing about the competing products and also why they do n't offer a trial . This is a company that will delete your post if you complain at all about their product.SO with the lack of documentation and the lack of being able to even complain about a problem how are you ever going to learn to use this program?You wo n't . So please do n't waste your money . $ 200 might sound like a bargain , but this is truly a situation of you get what you pay for.BUT , I wo n't leave you hanging . If you need a budget 3D program there are several much better alternatives . Look up Blender for one . Yes , it 's free , but it has a great community and has been proven to produce quality productions -LRB- look up elephants dream -RRB- . There are even 2 `` current '' book available on Amazon and the community wo n't kill you for mentioning a problem or another product . It 's is also much more standard and has a huge list of features . Many that Animation Master dose not have . They also have a large growing Wiki with a ton of information . Something Animation Master also does n't have.Next would be Softimage Foundation . For $ 500 -LRB- US -RRB- you can have a program that is easily worth $ 1000 -LRB- US -RRB- plus . Great character animation , industry standard modeling etc , a great renderer and more . There are a ton of training materials out there . Especially DVDs and videos -LRB- like digital tutors and 3dtutorial -RRB- . Save your $ 200 and wait for this , you wo n't be sorry.So there you go . If you still buy Animation Master , do n't say I did n't warn ya .
 If you really want to learn the art of computer animation , I would suggest Blender , it is far more stable , the quantity and quality of available tutorials is superior , and it 's free . I used to use A : M , the short comings are numerous . I wo n't list them all here , some have already been listed . I 'm not bitter , I 'm not a troll , just my experience , Blender is better than A : M.
 This runs OK on a windows machine but crashes often . On a Mac machine it is veryunstable . Some of the conceps are quick and unqiue and not too many otherpackages in this price range offer these features . Poser 6 is a better deal , orCinema 4D for Mac owners . Windows users can also use either of those but they also have access to 3D Max .
 On the box it is printed XP compatible . But it is not . I tried XP compatibility wizard . But it still does not work.The seller `` Best Bet sales '' did not refund .
 If your computer runs Vista , you may want to pass up this software . We tried installing it on our computer and it does n't work . I tried several different compatibility settings without luck .
 As much as my daughter liked this software initially , she quickly fell out of love with it as it does n't have longevity . I guess most science software ca n't but I still feel like it was n't worth the cost when I could have went to a few free webpages for interactive science programs . I also think this software is for 6-9 , not 7-11yrs old . I do n't think I would recommend it unless your child has no access to the internet .
 It has some nice features if you like to work from code . However , it falls out of activation at the slightest hardware change and there is a bug in the software that makes it extremely hard to re-activate . If you call Microsoft they will charge you $ 150 to help you re-activate this $ 100 software . I finally gave up and bought something else .
 I purchased Microsoft Expression Studio specifically to design a website addressing the essentially total lack of accessibility in essentially all software -LRB- and everything else from products to websites -RRB- . This website in particular addresses accessibility for people with photosensitive and pattern sensitive epilepsy who have seizures triggered by blinking / flashing / scrolling / etc. content.I purchased Adobe CS3 but I had accessibility problems that Adobe would not even respond to . -LRB- this is after downloading all of the product manuals and looking at them carefully to see if the product was accessible before I purchased it -RRB- . So , over $ 1800 down the drain.I then purchased MS Expression Studio . I was able to disable some of the more obnoxious features.Unfortunately , it uses those particularly obnoxious progress bars -LRB- the determinate ones that flash across the screen when you do something non-trivial -RRB- . These cause such bad seizures -LRB- complex or simple partial -RRB- that I am totally miserable using the product.Microsoft is totally incompetent in this area . I have the identical problem with Visual Studio . As software projects evolve in size , I reached a point where these progress bars were appearing regularly and I had to give up on the project about 22,000 lines as I was overwhelmed by the seizures.From what I am now seeing , I will have the same problem with Microsoft Expression - I will get to a point where the project gets too large and I can no longer maintain it.You should n't use these progress bars unless a significant amount of processing time is required1 -RRB- There needs to be a user specified threshhold only after which a progress bar occurs -LRB- I could set it to , say , 1 billion years -RRB- . -LRB- One program , Bibleworks , has a similar implementation which makes it accessible -RRB- 2 -RRB- Obviously , you like to know what is going on , if anything . A non-animated hourglass that appears , say , after one second -LRB- this time could be user specified as well -RRB- and a progress bar after , say , 10 seconds3 -RRB- A progress bar that only appears after a specified period of time and only updates at specified intervals -LRB- say after 10 seconds and then every 10 seconds -RRB- Microsoft
 This app , like all the Kagan apps , is best marketed as a $ 1 tablet/phone app . My only compliant is the price but that is a killer . Timer tools is a 7MB single executable which does have an installer that puts it in the folder of your choice . It 's best feature is that it should work on any computer under any security policy.Countdown - Standard digital timerHourglass - Digital with Hourglass representationSeconds - Digital timer with only seconds.Task - `` Pie '' style timer than shows you seconds using a angle arc up to 5 minutesPreset - Dings every so often for a set period -LRB- 30 sec , 5min , 15min increments -RRB- Percent - Digital timer with a % time left representationColor - Digital timer that fills the screen from right to left , filling with colorBar - Shows 5 bars of color , each of which disappear consecutively to the time setTurn - Set x number of turns and the time limit for each turn and watch it count down X timesStoplight - Flashes green for the time interval set then turns red . Does this 2-4 times.Interval - Same as the bar timer but only has one bar and does n't repeat.StopWatchA - Analog StopwatchStopWatchD - Digital Stop watchStopWatchS - Digital Stop watch with split function -LRB- 5 splits -RRB- Ana Clock - Analog clock -LRB- the same as what Windows 7 has if you click except this is bigger -RRB- Dig Clock - Digital Clock -LRB- the same as what Windows has in the lower right but bigger -RRB- Alarm Clck - Digital Alarm Clock . Set the time and watch it ringmulti Alm - Multi alarm clock . Set up to 4 alarms.If Kagan combined all their software onto one CD and sold it as a single tool , it might be worth $ 29 .
 I bought this product thinking it would be a great upgrade to my Front Page . Boy was I wrong . It is nothing like Front Page and a lot of the short cuts that you learned do not work with this product . The instructions are very much like Front Page - non existent . If your happy using Front Page I would not upgrade to this program unless you like a lot of frustration !
 Hate this program and am shopping around for something to replace it with . I 'm not sure why Microsoft had to scrap Frontpage instead of working with what they had and upgrading . I had developed a website design business around that software package in spite of its limitations - and there were definitely some limitations . I will not recommend this product to anyone and I will be converting all of my client websites to a different program ... in the meantime they will be maintained in Frontpage while I shop around .
 The DVD does n't play for long . at first we thought it was my computer but we play it on my husband brand new laptop and it freezes up after your playing it for sometime .
 I sent this item to my 3 year old nephew and when my sister put it in her computer it bombed . Apparently it is not VISTA compatible . I had read somewhere online that it was , but apparently not . I am disappointed because I think he would have loved it .
 This outdated product is suitable for children under 3 who are learning cause and effect . By 3 , today 's children have outgrown this game . Take it off the shelves or give it to a younger age group . The best thing about the product was its fast delivery and secure handling .
 We have 8 Sesame Street programs most of which are pretty good and a couple of which are excellent . However this is the one title which truly sucks.My 5 year olds were bored within minutes of playing this incredibly poor game . Maybe a 3 year old would find it an easy introduction to computer GAMES -LRB- it certainly is n't EDUCATION -RRB- but for older children even 4 and above it would be way too boring . It is purely entertainment -LRB- if you can even call it that -RRB- and has little if any educational value . For example your child can climb a mountain but no matter which way they choose they get to the top at the same rate anyway - big deal ! - so there is no point to this exercise or to any of the other parts of this game either.Save your money and hire the DVD/Video of Elmo in Grouchland instead for the entertainment in much better movie mode . For education you 'd be better off buying instead one of the excellent Sesame Street educational tiles such as Elmo 's Reading , or Sesame Street Music Maker which are 5 star value for both education and entertainment .
 This game is for 7 + years , it says violence on the box , but there really is none . It 's basically like a board game , with one or 2 players . The graphics are okay . . and it has a couple of fun mini games on the board . The only one I hate is the one where you have to play a dinosaur and fight another player . This game pops up way too much on the screen and gets really boring after a while . Other then that you get to match dinosaur bones , retrieve things and shoot dinosaurs to get their DNA , since the lab was destroyed and the scientists need more . So I think it 's a fun game . . except that one mini game where you fight a dinosaur one on one with another player or a computer player pops up WAY too much . . and I just think that part is really stupid because none of the other games pop up that much , and the other ones are funner .
 Well , What can I say ? The graphics are the reason one star is up there . The plot is alright . But the name should be Dangerless Zone.Pros : Graphics.Storyline.Great 2-playerCons : Lack of exitement.Lousy dino replications.Storyline.Lousy 1-playerThe AI is appaling . `` looks like you are stuck in the mud . '' is one example . you ca n't herd velociraptors , so why make it a square on this virtual game board ? how can someone survive being eaten by a T-Rex ? in this you can survive falling of a cliff from 200 ' into a waterfall without a bruise .
 This was going to be such a great gift for my 8 year old . It was even easy to install . However , it did not work on HP Windows XP and it did not work on HP Vista either . After I called the manufacturer , they could not help me either because this item is basically from 1999 and is considered outdated technically speaking . There is no software or downloads to make this compatible . So ... save your money .
 This review deals not so much with this CD-ROM as with its producer , Syracuse Language . I have two Syracuse Language CD-ROMs , for French and Italian , purchased a couple of years ago . I rated them as fair , until we upgraded to Windows XP . We were not surprised when the CDs no longer worked , but we were surprised at Syracuse 's attitude when we called them about upgrades . We were told that they were no longer making language CD-ROMS -LRB- a statement that this listing on amazon would tend to belie -RRB- and that no upgrades or any other assistance were available to us . No apologies for the inconvenience , no thanks for our past business . I am not the most technical , computer savvy person around but , to me , this is like buying a book and then having the ink disappear after two years.In short , I would caution against investing in Syracuse Language products -LRB- which also go by `` Knowledge Adventure '' and `` Sierra '' -RRB- as the support for products is not there .
 I bought the German version and unfortunately the pronunciation is lacking . Almost all the characters sound like they are talking with something in their mouths . The sound quality is horrible and the videos are terrible to watch . They are not interesting . I think it is way way over priced for what is contained inside and the quality of it . The videos are boring and my son would not even bother watching them ... and when he did , he complained . I would try another way to teach your kids another language .
 This game should be rated mature it has violence , coarse language , sharp and sweary lerics , and too much barbies !!!!!!!!
 This game is horrible , I bought it for my son , he ca n't play it , I ca n't play it , his cousins ca n't play it . All we got was frustration and pretty bad graphics . Avoid this game at all costs , Jurassic park Genesis is a 1000 times better
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY NINE YEAR OLD , WHO IS GONG INTO THE FOURTH GRADE . WHILE SETTING UP THE PROGRAM IN OUR COMPUTER , IT FROZE UP . WE COULD NOT GET THE PROGRAM TO WORK . AFTER ABOUT THIRTY MINUTES , I CALLED TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE . WHEN YOU CALL TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE , YOU GO THROUGH SOME PROMPTS AND THEN YOU 'RE TRANSFERED TO THE NEXT AVAILABLE OPERATOR . THE PHONE WILL RING TEN TIMES , THEN YOU 'RE PUT ON HOLD FOR ABOUT THIRTY SECONDS BEFORE YOU 'RE DISCONNECTED . I THOUGHT MAYBE I HAD A BAD CONNECTION OR SOMETHING , SO I TRIED THREE MORE TIMES - SAME THING HAPPENED EACH TIME ! I CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICE AND THEY TRANSFERED ME TO THE SAME NUMBER , WHERE IT ALL HAPPENED AGAIN !! I GUESS I 'M STUCK BECAUSE ONCE YOU BREAK THE SEAL ON SOFTWARE YOU CA N'T RETURN IT . I FOUND THE EXPERIENCE VERY UPSETTING AND MY LITTLE GIRL IS NOT HAPPY TO HAVE RECEIVED A GIFT THAT DID N'T WORK !!
 Just simply having a `` 3D video card '' is not enough . It has to be an AGP card -LRB- not a PCI , which means your motherboard better have an AGP slot -RRB- and the video card has to support AGP Texture Acceleration . Not all 8MB or larger AGP video cards do this . You may find yourself forking out -LSB- money -RSB- to an -LSB- store -RSB- -LRB- cheapest option -RRB- just to get a video card that will let you play the game . True , this will enable you to play other games that you normally would not have been able to play , but if your plan was just to buy your girl another Barbie game , you may be overstepping your hardware limits with this one .
 My 8 yr old daughter bought this game 'cause she 's a fan of Barbie . She ordered it and I did n't even pay much attention . Usually she handles all her new games herself , because she 's very smart . Yet this time she had problems and wanted me to help . I took a look at the game and found it totally Horrid ! The figures and graphics are as stupid as I 've never seen and the game has no intelligence at all , and there 's no help button nearby and you have to cancel out the game to read the only help
 We have both pet rescue and this , and I will not buy another Barbie software again . This was confusing that my boy genius 7 1/2 year old is having trouble with it . I am finding more and more Barbie items a rip off .
 The game starts out challengingly enough , where you learn the basic moves for Barbie . Then the game starts and it 's a snooze . Tokyo in particular was frustrating -- imagine a city with no one living in it -LRB- post apocolyptic ? -RRB- and no instructions for how to get around . You find yourself running down abandoned alleyways forever while an annoying Barbie voice says , `` Look , there 's a light on the second floor . '' Take it from me , there is no light on any second floor . In addition , any time Barbie has to do any running and jumping she must change into a winning little outfit to do so , which seems ludicrous but then again , it is a Barbie World .
 My granddaughter is almost eight years old and was thrilled when I got her this new game.She played it and after lots of frustration finally started to figure it out BUT my computer started acting up and the game had to be restarted twice.She got an error screen twice , that said something was missing , and it simply stopped.I was told it was Win XP compatable , when I bought it but NOT.what a waiste of money .
 This game is SHOCKINGLY bad . Where do I begin ? The graphics look like my CGA monitor circa-1988 , Barbie 's movement is herky-jerky , and half the time it crashes my PC . I do n't know how you could more surely waste your money . Do n't buy this abomination .
 My daughter received this game for Christmas . It worked fine for about a week ... in fact we actually completed the game . Then the game started messing up when we tried to play it again . I kept getting a `` runtime error '' everytime we tried to play the game . We uninstalled the game and tried to reinstall and could n't get it to even install the second time . Other people I know have had the same problem . Too bad , because it was a fun game when it worked . If you do n't have XP I would recommend it .
 I found that the cursor which controls Secret Agent Barbie 's movements will NOT work if you also have the Barbie Magic Genie Bottle software with the Genie Bottle connected . The `` solution '' -LRB- which works -RRB- provided by tech support requires that you turn off the computer and disconnect the Genie Bottle before turning the computer on and starting Secret Agent Barbie . Obviously , to play Barbie Magic Genie Bottle , you need to turn off the computer and reconnect the Bottle . This is really unacceptable , particularly when this `` conflict '' arises from the Barbie software/hardware itself , rather than from some third-party product .
 This game is as stupid as can be ! I 'm going to try to return it or at least change for a different game . It 's unbelievably stupid .
 My husband brought this game home for our daughter who loves gymnastics . They installed it and ran all the intro stuff , she was getting very excited by the way-cool graphics.Then we got a message , `` CPU Not Supported . '' A quick trip to the Vivendi Universal website confirms that our processor , the P4 , is not supported by this game and that there is no patch available to fix this.Reading the box would not have told us this . The system requirements were Windows 95/98/2000 / ME and `` Pentiun II processor or higher . '' Well , P4 is higher than P2 , and that chip was n't released yesterday . I think that 's simply unacceptable.My daughter was disappointed , the product is going back to the store , and it 's getting one star for not supporting a widely distributed processor . We ca n't run it on our laptap either because Windows XP is n't supported . Ridiculous!Reviewed 13 April 2004 by mad-haus .
 I brought this game home a few weeks ago for my daughter that is 6 years old and in gymnastics lessons . She was so excited , so was I because I was a gymnast too . Unfortunatly the game does not work on new computers with pentium 4 processers . I find this very strange that a computer game will not work on a better computer system . It should be the other way around ! The game is just useless to us . We have a dissapointed 6 year girl . I have not been able to find any other gymnastics games yet.Buyer beware
 Simply put , this game did not work on our computer . Bad programming , guys ! My daughter was so disappointed . You 'd think that with all that money that parents and kids are spending on Barbie products they could at least afford to get the game right .
 paid enough money for it and it doesnt work on xp . my daughter was very upset that we could n't get it to work . i spent 1 hour on hold with tech support and was disconnected for not knowing the extension number for someone at tech support . very disappointing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i love this game . i used to play it for hours choosing outfits and moves and practicing and even getting trophies and ribbions and beat the other girls . yes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! but i hate that it stopped playing my new hp cd-rom DVD-ROM COMPUTER . DONT GET IT if you have a 64mb ram or 128 mb also you must not have directx 9.0 its terrible at installin and read the agreement to know if you need a 24x speed and it might send viruses to your enternet especally dsl , comcast , and platnium windows . so your taking a risk . hope i helped !!!!!!!!!!!
 MY DAUGHTER GOT THIS GAME AS A GIFT , AND SHE HATES IT.I TRIED THE GAME MYSELF , AND I MUST AGREE WITH MY DAUGHTER '' '' I HATE IT ALSO.THIS IS ONE BARBIE CD-ROM THAT EVERYONE SHOULD STAY AWAY FROM . I COULD NOT GIVE IT AWAY FREE , NO ONE WANTED IT AFTER THEY TRIED IT OUT.MY ADVICE '' STAY CLEAR OF THIS GAME '' DO IT FOR YOUR KIDS SAKE . -LRB- P.S ONE STAR IS TO MUCH FOR THIS HORRIBLE GAME -RRB- .
 This is NOT compatible with Windows 7 . I had to reinstall my operating system after mistakenly trying . Major disaster . Beware so you do not make the same mistake .
 This had lots of words in each problem so it is very difficult to navagate through as a non reader . Problems are very dry .
 NT 4.0 is obsolete now . Get 2000 server for more security and features . It will save you money .
 This software from Data Becker is a compilation of freeware and shareware productivity , entertainment , reference , and development programs for the PalmOS . The first problem is the CD-Rom is compatible with only Windows 95/98/ME . Many Palm users often use work-issued laptops or desktops to synchronize with the Palm and these are usually connected to a network using Windows NT , 2000 , XP.The interface does make it easy to search the 500 programs and load them onto the PDA . Just select the program from the list and press the `` install '' button . This will open up your `` Install to Palm '' program and add it to the queue for the next time you sync with the PDA . This is a time saver for those users who are new to downloading files , unzipping them , and adding them to the PDA.If you decide to use shareware programs from the CD-Rom , you 'll have to plop down more cash to get a registered copy . I can download these programs from Internet for free . It took about five minutes to find the exact or similar programs on the web.One of the programs froze my Palm and I had to do a hard reboot to clear the screen . This is n't the first time this has occurred in using a shareware program , but you 'd think Data Becker would 've tested these programs before selecting them for the bundle.Be warned that at least 400 files are text files such as TV episode guides and outdated sports schedules . Save your money and use the Web to get what you need .
 Why would spend money on soon-to-be obsolete NT 4.0 ? Go for 2000 server , it will save you money .
 I bought the Studyworks Science Deluxe to brush up on basics , and also have fun using the software , but it did not meet my expectations , because all of the information is simply scanned in , and it is not very user-friendly . The software is less explanatory than the textbook itself , and it does not really capture the user 's attention , or present an understandable version of the material .
 I 've recently installed this on my iPAQ 4705 - running 2003 . Apparantly this software `` may not display correctly - built for an older version of operating system '' . Uh huh . What results is a ton of these messages . Click OK on them . The games run , altho they run realllllly slowly on my iPAQ with nothing else running .
 i have windowss 95 and my computer crashed so i got it and it didnt help AT ALL !!!! SO DONT GET IT IF U DO !!
 Why would spend money on soon-to-be obsolete NT 4.0 ? Go for 2000 servers , it will save you money .
 After using my friend 's iMac to edit Mini DV video , I finally decided to buy an editor for my PC . Using my Canon ZR10 camera , I have acquired a lot of footage and had no editor.After the package arrived today , I went through the easy installation and booted up the program . I captured some video from the camera , and immediately was disappointed . Do n't be fooled by the `` DV '' in IntroDV . A more fitting title would be `` IntroMOV , '' because rather than capturing in DV format , the program takes your videos and puts them in more generic . mov format.I also noticed a change of the color of the video , which never happened with Apple 's iMovie . I spent several hours fooling around with it , then decided I am going to stop screwing around and buy a TRULY functional DV editor
 Hotmetal Pro ? I will say that this software is useful , IF YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT WEB SITES ! It is easy to use , for basic pages.There are many features which were forgotten.My advice is whether you are a novice or professional webmaster I would first look at IBM WEBSPHERE HOMEPAGE BUILDER it is a much `` simpler '' and `` useful '' software package than Hotmetal Pro will ever be . The best part is there about the same price.Check it out !
 Our company decided to update our web page . The new web page designer insisted that we buy Hotmetal Pro for the staff members who would be updating their own web pages because Word and FrontPage caused the designer problems . So , we bought a bunch . Talk about hard to use . After popping -LSB- money -RSB- for the programs , we were told that it would cost -LSB- money -RSB- to run the six staff members through three days of training . Counting lost productivity , we estimate another -LSB- money -RSB- in possible losses if we try to go for the training . I used to use Hotmetal 1.0 back when it was shareware in 1997 . It was considerably easier to use then . We will probably end up shelving the programs and finding something easier to use . The tutorial packaged with the program is little more than an index to the help table of contents . When we tried to import our existing pages , the program crashed . So , I ca n't really recommend this product unless you have previous experience with a recent version , have the patience and money to learn how to use it , or do this for a living .
 I downloaded the 30 free trial and I 'm glad I did because it showed me why I should NOT buy this product ! I does n't recognize comment text like < ! - this is a comment - > It showed my comments at text in WYSIWYG views . I wo n't accept < style > without a type = `` text/css '' attribute but if you use `` insert '' to insert a style tag it does n't use it . It creates pages it says are bad ! It did all sorts of other strange things . SKIP THIS PROGRAM !
 I FEEL THAT COMPANY IS MISLEADING CONSUMERS ON HOW EASY ANDCOMPLETE THERE PROGRAM WORKS . I FEEL LIKE I WAS SOLD A TICKET TO ACIRCUS SIDE SHOW . THIS IS NOT A COMPLETE PROGRAM AND ALL THE COMPANY IS DOING IS TRYING TO SELL THERE WEB HOSTING SERVICE .
 I purchased this product with two goals in mind
 Gasp ! If this is an award-winning example of home design software , I 'll bet you ca n't hang the award ! The product box promises `` thousands of texture and pattern combinations '' . The truth is closer to a dozen or so drab or gaudy patterns and colors which are not combinable . The furnishings are tiny on the toolbar and barely recognizable in full size . It is not easy to change the texture of wooden furnishings or floors . Using the furniture workshop requires a degree in engineering . The landscape feature has a small variety of plants , and they only come in one size . What I liked
 THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT SUPPORT WIN 2K PLATFORM -LRB- EVEN THOUGH THE BOX SAYS WIN-98 OR HIGHER -RRB- PLATFORM AND THE COMPANY WILL NOT SUPPORT THIS PRODUCT , THEY TELL YOU TO SPEND MORE MONEY TO UPGRADE TO A MORE EXPENSIVE PRODUCT
 I ca n't believe what I paid for this ... . For starters , the graphics were horrible , the so-called textures and fabrics even worse . Just maneuvering in this thing was a vertigo-ridden nightmare . You 'd think a bunch of pre-kindergarteners conspired and put this thing together . On second thought , I think they 'd have done a lot better . Then again , the brand name says it all -- if you buy this thing you 're surely gon na take a PUNCH !
 This program is n't too bad for drawing floor plans - as long as it stays running without crashing long enough to get something done . This program crashed a lot on my computer -LRB- 500mhz athlon w / 256MB memory and Win 98se -RRB- The color chip selection is a joke with only a couple dozen colors . Stairways have to be made in their funiture creation tool -LRB- a nightmare -RRB- . I did n't waist any time replacing this program with something else . Get a program that you can specify RGB colors for walls , a real staircase tool , and does n't crash every 10 minutes .
 This program is absoulutely worthless unless you consider your `` Dream House '' a rectangal or square . I decided that after using using Broderbund 3D Home Architect Deluxe 2.1 for a couple of years that it was time to move , so I thought . into a program that appeared to have more function and features . Boy was I wrong ! Try to design a Country Home with a Wrap around Porch with this program . It ca n't be done because of the inability to create shed roofs and walls that only have posts and railings . Last year I used the Broderbund 3d 2.1 to design a home remodling project . I 'm not saying that Broderbund does n't have a few quirks but I was able to create multiple roof lines with various pitches and shed roofs , open walls depicting posts , railing and balusters for the porch and tie them all together to get a very realistic portrayal of what the finish project would look like . I could n't even get close with the Punch Super Home Suite . I thought wow ! , Punch provides the Realmodel with all of the wonderful Roof and exterier texture options , the Autoframing , Landscaping etc. ... . Unfortunently they do n't mean a thing when you ca n't even create , design a relistic protryal of the center piece of the project , THE HOUSE . Lastly , the package comes with what are so called professionly design plans by Wolfgang Trost Architects . It has to be a fictious company . If not they would be the but end of many jokes at their local building and zoning offices . None of the plans they provided in the package would get past design stage if summitted to any competent local building/zoning commitee for review . The flyby function showed rooflines that would be a structural disater if allowed to be built . The packaging of the product by Punch was wonderful with all of the pretty pictures etc. . . The application was anything but ! If you want a resonably price application buy Broderbund 3D Home Deluxe . It may not be as pretty but it is FUNCTIONALLY SUPERIOUR ...
 Kudos to the marketing and packaging gurus for Punch ! products . As a veteran 3D modeler and animator , I purchased the product to help me do certain home design tasks more quickly . The pictures on the package made it look easy and fun . The reality was a little disappointing . First , the strengths . Laying out floor plans with quick drag and drop windows and doors was a pleasure . The landscape , deck , and furniture workshop features were useful -LRB- although the workshop had limitations , of course -RRB- . Setting up my basic dimensions and floor plans were a treat . I was beginning to marvel at the simplicty of creating a home plan . BUT , only if you are designing a house with no crawl space ! In light of the expenses of fixing bad plumbing in slab houses , I believe a crawl space is most sensible way to design any house , so I was a little put off when I realized Punch ! 's software does n't do that . Look at the pictures on the packaging , you wo n't see a crawl space . You may see a house that looks like it has one , but in fact it is a two-story house with a basement and landscaping . That 's the key to `` faking it out '' . Nor does the software allow simple placement of windows in a roof end-cap . The way to get around the crawl space limitation in RealModel would be to print an additional strip of brick -LRB- or whatever material -RRB- to paste on your foam board model , but you would have to do measuring on your own to figure out how to allow for the extra height of the ground floor wall . A simple remedy would be for Punch ! software to allow wall heights to be customizable , just as the door and window sizes are . Then , of course , having a door height selection just like the window height ones would allow realistic placement . To get around the window placement limitations , try creating the desired feature in Furniture Workshop . The . dxf export function will allow me to send the floor plan out to my 3D modeling software , which is helpful to those of us who own them . The lack of . dxf import was somewhat irritating . Am I going to return it ? No , because at the cost it is just barely useful enough to outweigh the trouble of returning it . Would I recommend it ? I probably would only recommend a more basic Punch ! product such as Home Design with none of the other modules , to create floor layout work only .
 After spending the last three months designing the remodel of our home using the first -LRB- 1997 -RRB- version of Broderbund 's 3D Home Architect , I was looking for something more up to date . The Punch software seemed to have everything the latest Broderbund software offered and more . Do n't trust the box ! 1 . Punch does not import anything . 2 . Lengthing , shortening or moving a wall is a real test of patience . 3 . Getting true and editable dimensions is impossible . 4 . And I do n't know about you , but trying to resize any type of furniture on X , Y and Z coordinates is beyond my thinking ability when frustrated.All I really wanted was to view my whole two-story design with the right roof pitch and some important furniture for size . Do n't buy more program than you really need.The happy ending
 While the box looks pretty good , it mostly delivers confusion . Like any 3D program it will take a lot of computer to run the program quickly in 3D , which can be annoying after spending an hour designing your house . The symbols for furniture , fixtures and cabinets often insert at odd angles and are almost impossible to get squared up with the walls . I have even had a bug where it will not display all colors in the 3D mode -LRB- you enter you roof and wall colors -RRB- . Looked good in 2D , but everything was shades of green in 3D . My advise
 After careful consideration of all programs in this price range and of this calliber , I decided to go with this particular one because of some of the features incl Real Model , ultimate Deck , and autoframing . Well , as is generally the case when you think you maybe getting alot for your money , you usually end up finding out they sacrficied in other areas.I used the product for a full intense 2 days and became quickly bored and frustrated with it 's limitations and have n't touched it since . Amazing how they can sell us anything based on the pretty pictures used in their ads
 I was very disappointed with this product . Not only was it the most expensive home product , but it was the largest waste of money . Forget ` designing ' the interior of your house ! NO paneled doors , no arched windows , no french doors , only one type of shower , no washer or dryer to be placed in the house just to name a few things missing from their ` large selection . ' The ` furniture design suite ' is not easy to operate . The so-called instruction manual fails to give any instructions . My computer is a Pentium 500 and I have 64 megs ram-the program still would not let me do 3-D walkthrough-it was 3-D standstill . The paint , fabric , floor options were from 1960 -LRB- all 10 of them -RRB- . This program is terrible ! I will be purchasing something else for sure ! A plus side
 Having worked with a couple of design programs which work in 2D , I purchased Super Home Suite , hoping it would work essentially the same -- only adding 3D capability . I immediately found the software essentially unusable for anyone who cares for precision . It is my opinion that presicion is highly important in building , architecture , and design , yet Super Home Suite 's designers did n't seem to care . There is no way on the screen that I can tell exactly where my wall or window or door will be placed . After it is placed , measurements are given only to the center of objects -- i.e. from the middle of a wall to the middle of the next wall , or from the middle of a wall to the middle of the window . I have done quite a bit of building , and everyone always works from edge to edge -- never centers . This software took and incredible amount of mental work on my part to try to create a simple floorplan -LRB- subtracting & adding inches in my head from how I normally work and design -RRB- . I skipped the interior wall layout , because I was exhausted , and tried to put a roof on . Even following the book and help files , I was unable to get the program to render my roof in a pitch other than 12:12 . They say it can be done , but the computer disregarded my commands . Here I ran into another precision issue -- I can not tell exactly how my roof is sitting over my walls . Is the overhang 8 '' on one side and 12 '' on the other ? I can get close if I squint really hard at the screen . Good thing they give a 90 day money back guarantee .
 This is a click and drag program which can be manipulated fairly easily , but it is highly limited . The only good thing about this product is that it lets you input dimensions of your own yard , room , etc. . However , it assumed all yards are grass , and all hills are round , all fences are wooden stakes.It does let you change window and door dimensions , configurations , etc. , as long as all you want is rectangular . -LRB- No oval windows , etc. -RRB- As far as being able to design furniture , which is why we purchased it , it works if all you want to design is gigantic , blocky slabs with NO MEASUREMENTS . Nothing in here is as described on the package . The directions are too simplistic and much is left to learn the hard way . Even then , when you think you 've accomplished some design on a floor plan , and turn it to 3-D mode , what you 've really designed is a rakish spline hanging in the sky.The floor plan item works all right , which is the only reason I grudgingly gave it one star . If all you need is a floor plan , however , there are cheaper ways to do it . I HIGHLY recommend a pencil and the back of a paper bag as superior to this program . Save your money . Or , heck , if you really want to try it , buy mine .
 After using this software for 2 nights , I realized that I could get better results using Microsoft paint . Not really , but it is ridiculous that Punch can put out a product that is so limited in features and function . All I wanted to do was put an entry door on a split-level , but you can only put the door on the first or second level , not in-between . I really only bought the product to lay out a deck , but the deck functions are a joke.I used a lot of these entry level design programs and this was one of the worst.Pad and paper are more fun than this program . -LRB- I never thought I would say that -RRB- .
 Got Super Home Suite version 3.5.2 to replace Broderbund 's 3D Home Architect 5.0 , about which I can not say enough bad things -LRB- it 's wildly unstable and very difficult to use even when it does n't crash , which it does on a regular basis -RRB- . SHS is definitely easier to use . For designing basic floor plans , it 's very straightforward . Walls and windows are easy to move ; roofs are easy to put on . The packaging oversells the 3D viewing capabilities - it 's pretty basic . And if there 's a way to create elevations of your work , I have n't seen them.The biggest drawback is the limitations in cabinetry , fixtures , furniture and so on . For example , there are no bi-fold doors available in the pallette . There 's no way to indicate foundation walls . Broderbund 's package had generous ` catalogs ' with a wide array of items , identified by list -LRB- nice idea if that POS actually worked -RRB- . In contrast , SHS relies on a graphically narrow palette of icons on the right side of the screen . It 's hard to determine exactly what each item is -LRB- nor is there any key or mouseover identification -RRB- . So you 've sorta got to guess what each item is.Another problem
 I was initially excited at how easy it is to create a structure , and indeed that is this program 's strength . But as I used it more , I became more disappointed . Roofs are poorly done . You 'll notice that all the samples have the same roof lines . You can not create true gables . You can not create anything pretty much out of the ordinary in fact . Try drawing a barn for example . And walls are a problem when you want anything that is not ordinary . Try drawing a knee wall . You can not specify individual wall height . They have a good concept and an easy api , but ease of use is no substitute for basic features . I am disappointed .
 I really hate to be so critical but the thing with Punch is they promised so much and just did n't deliver . One reviewer mentioned that they offer a nice variety of doors , windows , etc. . Well , there were three deck shapes to choose from . Is that Variety ? And while you could adjust the shapes somewhat , I could n't get it to accept exact measurements . Now how can you build something without exact measurements ? Oh , did I mention I live on a slope ? Punch does n't do decks on a slope . Everytime I tried to adjust the deck to the slope - it started to build a house with a basement . There were only a few stair types and only 1-2 places I could place the stairs . Forget about stairs with a landing that change direction . And all the stairs had fixed heights - which is really ridiculous . This software was time consuming and a waste of money.Let me add , I did not try the scanning feature - so I ca n't say how that works .
 At first this program seemed like it 'd work great , but the further I got into it , the more frustrated I got . Getting the perimeter walls to meet so it would n't put `` grass '' inside my house was a nightmare , and when I finally got that fixed , it would n't recognize inside walls from outside -LRB- so I had brick walls inside my house -RRB- ! I 'm sure someone more tech-saavy than me could figure it out , but I bought it because it said it was easy and quick to learn - it 's not . I am returning mine and getting a simpler program - the extra features this one offers are NOT worth the frustration and hassle of dealing with it !
 ok i totally want to be a home desinger/architect when i grow up . So i asked my brother for design stuff and he gave me this . I thought it was easy at first with the walls , windows and doors . But the flooring thing never works and staring at the 12 chapter `` help '' booklet doesnt `` help '' very much . they tell you what to do but not how . I 'm sure this isnt a kids game but my dad is a genius and he tried it an he cant even figure it out . I wouldnt tell other people to buy it .
 I bought this hoping to do some remodeling renderings of my house . My house has all vaulted ceilings . There is not one roof in this program that would work on any part of my house . All of the roof lines are A-frame . There is no way to have a wall that is not a perfect rectangle . Almost all walls in my home are not . So this program was completely useless.Look at all the example plans in the program . None of them have any out of the ordinary roofs or walls.The update on the website has one roof that is called a ` shed ' . It was a joke . No help at all . If are going to create a design that has anything that is unique or out of the ordinary , skip this program .
 I was initially excited at how easy it is to create a structure , and indeed that is this program 's strength . But as I used it more , I became more disappointed . Roofs are poorly done . You 'll notice that all the samples have the same roof lines . You can not create true gables . You can not create anything pretty much out of the ordinary in fact . Try drawing a barn for example . And walls are a problem when you want anything that is not ordinary . Try drawing a knee wall . You can not specify individual wall height . They have a good concept and an easy api , but ease of use is no substitute for basic features . I am disappointed .
 I bought this software 2 weeks ago , and I have yet to get it installed in a way that makes the `` 3D Furniture Workshop '' part of it functional . When I launch that component -LRB- which is required in order to resize the stock furniture pieces or create new ones -RRB- it tells me the names of two DLLs that it is unable to load , even though they do exist in c : \ windows and c : \ windows \ system , respectively . Since it can not locate these DLLs , all 3D rendering is disabled , and in fact 2D viewing also displays only a blank screen . Punch 's supoort e-mail takes 3 days to reply to e-mail , and the telephone support number is not open on week-ends or evening.I can not return it to the store , because I had thrown out thepackage before I realized the problem . Based on the information in the reviews here on Amazon , I will ask Punch for a refund .
 I only bought this because I want to put new siding on my house and this listed so many custom colors ... on the outside of the box . However , it is false . It gives you a handful of siding colors and that is IT !! , Interior you can do multiple colors to your walls , exterior LIMITED , LIMITED , LIMITED . You ca n't even add a trim piece to the exterior . Would never use to actually plan and build a house - EVER . Not good for much except frustration .
 I have a fairly high-speed NT system , and although the 3.51 product is advertised as being compatible with NT , it 's not . The software completely hangs up my computer every time I do a 3-D viewing . Customer service was polite , but useless . I 'm glad there 's a money-back warrantee !
 In terms of value-for-money , this product rates fairly low . Truth is , you can get this program -- and lots , lots more -- by purchasing the larger Norton Utilities . And there 's just not a reason to have it alone.If you buy it alone you 're essentially saying that you have other software outside the Norton family which you can use for your other utility needs , and that you hope to be able to use this one Norton component in concert with it.This is a potentially disappointing stance to take . Norton products are notoriously ill-suited for use with other utilities . They have a way of being jealous of system resources , making your comnputer sometimes lock up or crash if you 're trying to run with other utility software simultaneously.More to the point , I personally think that if you 're really going to buy a standalone cleanup program , Cybermedia 's Uninstaller is in some ways better . While it takes care of much of what Uninstaller does , Cleansweep is n't quite as vigorous or thorough . Uninstaller cleans up not only the detritus of internet use , it 's a complete get-rid-of-anything program . It 's great for COMPLETELY uninstalling a program right the first time , whereas Cleansweep tends to be more useful for cleaning up incomplete uninstalls.Cleansweep makes up for a certain lack of functionality compared to Uninstaller by being a MUCH faster load . In order to be effective , Uninstaller has to scan your entire hard disk , file-by-file . OBviously , if you have a big hard disk with a lot of files , this can take a LOT of time ; it takes me 30 minutes to load uninstaller . However , a year ago it only took about 5 minutes . So if you do n't have a lot of files on your computer , Uninstaller is probably the clear winner . For everyone else , though , you 've really got to consider how much faster Cleansweep loads . It makes Uninstaller 's extra features less enticing -- nevermind the fact that Cybermedia 's other utilities are far inferior to their Norton equivalents.Overall , then , Cleansweep is a solid program , but there 's no reason to buy it alone . It rates a 1-star in this stand-alone format , taking value-for-money as the most important factor .
 Be Warned They CHARGE for Call in support now !! In my opinion ; Norton used to make some great products . I used to recommend their Norton Utilities and Anti Virus programs to friends and install them on computers I assembled for them . Sadly , this has changed . They now have an online forum where you are forced to ask your questions . They may even get around to answering your question , but it takes days to get correct answers -LRB- if ever -RRB- . The quality of their software has plummeted also . Several other companies make similar products that are FAR superior . Not only do I not give them a positive review , I strongly recommend you do NOT use them .
 My eight year old son has a great interest in cooking , is a good reader , and a very knowledgable computer nerd :--RRB- . But even so , this CD was poorly organized and required constant intervention and help from me . We both quickly lost interest . My son learns more about cooking and recipes from watching the cooking section on `` ZOOM '' . This was a real disappointment because I use DVO 's Recipe/Meal Planner software and was very impressed with that . However , this is not the same quality as the adult software DVO makes .
 I tried to use this software on a system running windows 98 . I had problems using my modem for dial up networking after sending a fax . The only way around it was to restart the computer . The box claims windows 98 compatibility but nowhere in the product manual or online help does it mention it . It also claims to come on CD-ROM . My original order and replacement order arrived as 3.5 floppies . My opinion is that this is just a repackaged product that may have worked with Win/95 or NT . I wasted a lot of valuable time trying to get it to work.Don ' t waste yours !
 I found this program to be a total waste of an entire afternoon . It had no cover page templates as advertised , you had to create your own in a very awkward , slow , child-like interface . I had to fax a 5 page report I had scanned , and I could n't even import my saved pages into the program ! I do n't know how many approaches I tried before giving up . The box said compatible with Win95/98 , however the pamphlet said only Win95/NT . It ran slow in my Win98SE , and balked in the cover page edit mode , and I repeatedly shut it down and reopened it trying to desparately make a cover page . This program should be offered as a ` shareware ' download . I , for sure , would n't have paid for it after a trial use ! BUYER BEWARE ! I would have given this ' 0 ' stars if I could have .
 From reading the box , this product looked great . After installation , it was a different story . The box says it has professional templates to help you produce professional looking faxes . The reality is that the cover sheet templates are blank pages that you create and edit from scratch . I spent half a day trying to create a good looking cover sheet and they all looked terrible ! In addition , the alignment of the cover sheets looked different on the screen than on the actual fax printout . You also can not import any images other than paint images , so we could not get our company logo on the cover sheet . Being completely frustrated by the cover sheets , I tried importing Word fax templates into the software with no success . I also tried using the Fax Wizard within Microsoft Word to send faxes using this software and that did not work either . I have advanced experience in software applications and I found this program extremely difficult and frustrating to use . I would have been ashamed to send any fax using the cover sheets they had . They looked completely unprofessional . A total waste of time and money .
 I would have given the program `` 0 '' stars if that had been a choice . The program was fairly easy to install and use , however , my dissatisfaction came with what was received on the other end . I was attempting to fax a 3 page resume to prospective employeers . What they got on the other end was 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 pages , and the font size was Ariel 6 point . It requiered magnification to read . The original document was Times New Roman 12 & 14 point . That was bad enough , but then , the justification was all messed up and some words were run together . I sent out about 15 resumes when I finally found out what they were getting . I have to wonder how many of them never called me because of what they were viewing as a professional resume ? It also would n't let me paste in my 4 scanned letters of recommendation , but I was willing to live with that inconvenience . I returned the product and took it out of my computer . I 'll pay the dollar a page -LRB- times 7 for the complete resume -RRB- to fax from Office Depot ! This was no long term savings !
 This product is the pits . Sellers should be ashamed for even carrying such a useless product . You ca n't fax multiple documents , their cover sheets are a joke , and God forbid you write email to their technical support staff for help because you never hear back from them . You ca n't even import a Word document into a cover sheet , so if you plan to use this for resumes forget it . Whoever programmed this software must never have completed the basics in programming classes because there are so many problems with this software I ca n't even BEGIN to list them all . Just save your money and try something else . Personally I 've found Procomm to be the best program for faxing multiple documents and that 's the program I 'll end up buying to replace this useless Total Fax junk .
 From -LSB- the website -RSB- : `` Mobile WinFax 1.0 has been discontinued - effective as of May 24th . `` Fee-based technical support will be available until June 30th , 2000 . On-line technical support will be available until August 21st , 2000 . There will be no replacement product . `` As a Palm VII/VIIx user , I would strongly suggest wireless users try J2.com or other products available at rovenet.com , but there is no Symantec support for this product . -LRB- Which is completely typical for Symantec ; see Norton CrashGuard and Norton Desktop under extinct-ware . -RRB-
 I 've heard so many rave reviews about Visual Cafe , however my experience with the product has been far from productive . The IDE environment is excellent with efficient links to help pages , code helpers as you type in java text , method dropdown lists , object and property lists , and an intuitive wysiwig screen editor . If you are familiar with Microsoft 's VB , you should be comfortable with Visual Cafe . However there are some stability problems . The tagged sections -LRB- generated code -RRB- are fragile and often break with little help on where the error is . Finding and fixing these problems are laborious . In addition I 've received Java exceptions as well as the IDE crashing when trying to generate code via the wizards . The problems are not machine related as I tried VCafe on both my home and work pc 's . Tech support has been less than enthusiastic to help and generally ignores you unless you pay handsomely . Perhaps the biggest disappointment has been the Java beans for database functionality . Documentation is woefully short , the beans are not easy to customize to your taste , and the learning curve is steep even if you are an expert SQL developer.I am disappointed because the IDE layout is excellent however the stability issues as well as the poor database related beans make me frustrated with the product . I suggest taking a serious look at Borland 's product before purchasing this one .
 This may be a good product , it 's hard to say . You receive the disk and some check paper . Then your on your own . There are help menues you can print out but no booklet , pamphlet , tutorial , guide or manual to follow through and learn . The help number on there website ; not toll free . All I got from the four times I called was what sounded like a home answering machine . No one called me back , but if the had it would cost me 60 dollars to answer my question if it took more than 6o seconds on the phone . Pre-paid of course . What else can I say , if you have a similar program you may have a head start on using this check program . Either way , I do n't suggest spending the cash on this one .
 This software came with my HP printer . I was excited by the prospect of being able to print out quality photos . It functions adequately , I suppose , though a friend of mine has ULEAD , which works much better and comes with a more robust suite of features . You can add several pictures to a single page and then print them ... whoopeeee . You do n't need any help because that 's basically all it can do.The problem is , as I had with another ArcSoft product , the fact that their software seems to tweak your OS a bit . After installing Photoprinter and rebooting , I noticed a mild power flicker that would n't go away . Processing speed seemed to also slow dramatically . After uninstalling , my OS went back to normal . I decided not to risk a second installation.I 'm not sure why the previous user recommended this software because it has few redeemable features . Perhaps an ArcSoft employee ?
 We purchased this item thinking it would be easier to use for home management that Microsoft Outlook . Unfortuately , we can not download our addresses to or from any commoly used software . I am afraid of mannually inputing this information because it would be a tremendous waste of time if it can not be shared ,
 Having used PhotoFrame in years past , I was excited to find that it was still available . The only problem is that is no longer works with modern versions of PhotoShop . That 's information that would have been handy to know ahead of time . It did n't work with CS5 , so I tried it on older versions I had on some computers , back to CS3 . I still have the 18 floppies from Version 3 , my first PhotoShop , but did n't feel like installing it just to make PhotoFrame work . A total waste of money .
 I really do like this product , only I have found this version , the Deluxe one , to be full of programming bugs . I have to reinstall it occasionally , for no apparent reason . It often takes 3 or more tries to get the program to run . The CD wo n't read half of the time when I 'm on my Dad 's computer . -LRB- sometimes it does , but when I 'm on a deadline , like right NOW , it just DIES on me . -RRB- It wo n't display thumbnails of my own projects 50 % of the time when I 'm trying to open them . When I scroll through the `` your own projects gallery '' the program crashes . Spool time to my top of the line Epson printer is over 2 hours for a page with 2 simple postcards.There are no true help files included with the program . There are no online bulletin boards for tech support that I can find anywhere . If you want to call Tech Support , you have to do it during `` normal business hours '' on weekdays only , and there is NO 800 number , so you have to pay for the long distance call yourself . Of all the products in this particular line , this one is the least supported.A friend was on a deadline for her business , and when the program crashed and would n't come back , she was told by tech support that she needed to buy more add-ons from them to make it work.Maybe I will have better luck -LRB- luck is the operative word -RRB- with the Crafts 2 program . The program can do some really neat stuff , when it chooses to work .
 I bought this program both for myself , and and as a gift for my sister 's family . We 've both used it just a couple times , and tried to create cards . My 14-year old nephew and 12-year old niece tried for over an hour to make a Father 's Day card . A number of matches came up on the search , but every one they looked at had to be purchased in an add-on pack . My sister and I worked on it recently trying to create a fun get-well card for our nephew . We specified search criteria as a humorous `` get well '' pop-up card , and got only one match ... a card for an adult from his/her co-workers ! When we changed criteria on the search , we found more cards but they were all in add-on packs that had to be purchased at a cost of $ 15 and up . We both can usually figure out programs easily without the manual , but we had to dig out the manual on this and it was n't much help in this area . There was a separate disk with a lot of cool clip-art pictures but it seems they are for use in creating from scratch , not pre-made cards or projects . After viewing a particular card , there does n't seem to be a way to go forward/back to view between cards/projects in a category , you have to close out and go back to the point of your search criteria again , then go forward to see the projects already picked with previous search criteria to select another to view . I do n't see how this can be a program for kids to use easily . I own the program American Greetings Creatacard Gold 3 version and love it -- very easy to use and a great program -- but I seem to have the same disappointment and frustration with the Crafts program as the users of the Creatacard Platinum 4 version of their greeting card program . The projects look so impressive in the promo and on the box cover -- I hope persistance will pay off and I 'll find a way around the snags to use the neat features this program does offer .
 Buyers should know that if their Internet Explorer Browser is NOT version 3 this program will not install . It requires version 3 of IE or version 3 of Netscape . Later versions will not work and the program will refuse to finish installing .
 this program will confuse and confound you . I 'm pretty good at picking up software through trial and error and use of the Help screens . Though I will admit this is my first attempt at creating a Web page , I have -LRB- after approximately 30 hours of work -RRB- , given up on this product . I purchased it because of the reasonable price and the rave reviews on the box - It says you can have your site up and running within 24 hours -LRB- I assumed this meant one day -RRB- , no such luck for me . The Help files are incomplete -LRB- choose one of SEVERAL topics and land on the product description screen - in other words , there is no help on MANY of the listed topics -RRB- , and the Help function does n't even LIST a lot of the program functions . The box says a beginner can use this product , but I have to disagree . I could not possibly recommend this program to anyone .
 I found the character recognition of this software package to be very good , but the package has a major drawback
 Viruswall catches viruses , I 'll give them that . However it turns your mail server -LRB- Linux -RRB- into an open relay -LRB- not mentioned in the installation guide -RRB- Far worse is the total lack of response from their tech support . It is the worst tech support I have ever experienced in 25 years , and we had a 100 user license . I 've received better tech support for `` unsupported '' freeware products . TrendMicro would not even respond . As a result we cancelled our license for a refund . My advice is to keep looking and avoid this product .
 I bought this program because it claimed it could help with my pronunciation . I was getting frustrated because the software was rejecting my pronunciation so many times . I asked an american friend to give it a try . The software rejects even the pronunciations of american speakers !
 While I found the concept and price in line with what I wanted to do , the implementation was another story . I did not have the ability to create enough branches on the tree structure to make my site the way it would make sense . Couple that with the product crashing often and rewriting my layouts and graphics made it very frustrating . Customer support wound up telling me to use the tool menu to rebuild the data base , -LRB- Not well covered in the manual -RRB- which does fix most problems but you have to do it over and over ... . Their main response at the end after trying to give a lot of relevant feedback was that `` this is only version 1.1 , we 're still working on it '' . Makes me wish they were not in such a hurry to get it to market . Bottom line
 Our company 's Notes Admin team had difficulty with previous versions of ARCserve in a Notes 4.6 environment as it would not backup the open-shared-mail files . Anyone else have this difficulty ? And does the newer version fix this problem ?
 I am extremely disappointed with this product . It may be useful for someone who has a working knowledge of Italian , but for a beginner , it is useless . It does not allow you to start with the basics and progress to more detailed lessons ; the first videos and dialogues are way too complex for a beginner . Also , the program should allow you to set up a profile for each family member so everyone can move through a lesson plan at their own pace ; it does n't .
 Purchased Tell Me More Italian . That is exactly what I need MORE . This item completely skips the basics and if you do not have at least a working knowledge and a vocabulary of at least 500 words you will be completely clueless as to what is going on . If you are wanting to learn the basics do not waste your money on this program it will be on no use to you . Find something geared more towards children until you have basic items down then move on to something more like this . As far as the one good review below it is the only review he has done . Chances are it is from the maker .
 As my title states this program is `` as hard to understand as the math itself '' . Too much reading is involved . If I wanted to read and not understand I would read the book again . Needs more graphics and animations . Not a very good math supplement .
 Good luck to anyone trying to figure out how to use this software . I guarantee that none of your kids can figure it out on their own . The feature set is rich but even someone that is very technical will have difficulty figuring out how to use it . I read the manual thoroughly and the descriptions of how to do a lot of things is simply missing . I could n't even get through the first lesson !
 Too much fluff and not enough meat for my needs . Too much reading and not enough interactive sitations dealing with the concepts . Not enough examples and step by step directions to solving problems would have helped . It seems like they put all of their resources into the introduction clip and blew off the math ! Not impressed ! You 'd be better off just DOING YOUR HOMEWORK ! Not good for supplimental instruction .
 This version of Axum -LRB- 6 -RRB- definitely is much much less than what it purports to be . It may have had all the bells and whistles in terms of plotting power -LRB- I have not tried all -RRB- , but the user interface is terribly not friendly . You can try this
 Dont waste your money . There are so many problems I dont know where to begin . It chokes on large files . It failed to embed fonts , making the rendering useless . It is sloooooow .
 ... walk into your bathroom . Lift commode lid . Place money in bowl . Flush . Then go out and buy something that works , all the while saying to yourself , `` You get what you pay for '' and , alternately , `` Caveat Emptor . `` Like your PDFs minus the graphics ? Buy this . Like your fonts screwed up ? Step right over here.What a joke this thing is . Thankfully I got it on sale . There oughta be a law .
 I bought this at BJ 's on 4/15/2010 , and when I installed it , I got numerous virus alerts and I hard a difficult time removing it . When I emailed Cosmi to report the problem and at least get a refund , I never got a response .
 The box may say `` PDF Creator '' , but the program you now get is `` PDF Master '' , which is a different program , with different and fewer capabilities . And do n't even think of trying their soi disant `` technical support '' . Unanswered emails . Three hour phone call queues . Surly `` assistants '' who insist that the two programs really are the same even when their own literature says otherwise.Save yourself time , money and aggravation - do n't buy this . Make your life really easy - just do n't buy ANYTHING from Cosmi !
 Stear well clear of this piece of junk . It crashed my computer , and tried to install numerous virus files.Beware !
 This was the first clip art package I purchased , and I wish that I 'd made a different choice . First of all , the images are not terribly high quality . The vector image ca n't be used in other program . The browser application is non-instinctive , and does not allow you to view thumbnails of images without actually changing disks every time you want to search a different category . There are a few images , photographs , mostly that are usable , but the majority of them look dated and ill-concieved . My recommendation is to check out Big Box of Art . A much better product at pretty much the same price .
 Form Setup does not work in Peachtree Complete Accounting 7.0 . Peachtree makes it easy to choose the data you would like to appear on your forms , however , under many criteria categories either no data or incorrect data is pulled . I chose `` description for sales '' and it worked for a while but then started drawing from `` description for purchases '' -LRB- tech support was able to duplicate this -RRB- . When I asked for `` short description '' I got `` description for purchases '' , `` description for sales '' , `` short description '' , or nothing at all depending on the form I was printing . Peachtree told me it is a design problem that was present in 6.0 and will be present in the next version , 8.0 . Bernard from tech support told me that the following version may work properly but that he was `` not at liberty to discuss '' when that might be . I am returning my software because Peachtree seems in no hurry to fix design problems .
 Too complicated for people without accounting backgrounds ! Several steps to perform a single task . Do NOT recommend if you want a simple way to manage your business .
 These idiots are insanely stupid , a simple problem with ordering their software online has turned into a nightmare with resolving the transaction with my credit card company.SAGE are complete morons ! Avoid at all cost !
 This product has `` super 3d animations '' . It says so on the box ... and they do include cardboard 3d glasses . If you remember the `` 3d '' movies requiring these , I need say no more . This animation did not work well on film , the limited resolution provided by a computer monitor is even less suited to it.I could have overlooked this flaw , but the content is insufficient as well . There are 9 subjects covered by the title , ranging from pre-algebra through calculus , yet there is only one CD . This allows for only a brief overview of each subject -LRB- including `` super 3d animations '' -RRB- - this might be fine for review , but does not justify the claim `` ultimate mathematics skill building resource '' printed on the box.All in all , I would recommend against wasting your time with this one .
 I bought Budget Express , version 3 , last December , 2011 . The software was installed in March but it was no use to me . The program wo n't start easily . Every time I was opening Budget Express , there were 2 messages of `` Script Errors '' appearing on the screen . I had to answer `` yes '' to both messages in order to make the program work , which was very annoying . I was offered by the company , for free , the new version 4.0 of Budget Express but the same kind of bugs were still present . Then , I decided to switch to another software which , so far , has fulfilled all my expectations .
 i have bought this software 3 months ago and i have been using until now but today i am throwing it in the trash . extremely slow and incomplete and the worst .
 The box reads
 The advertising is False!They clearly claim you can burn `` your DVDs '' to your iPOD ... http://support.bvrp.com/phpbb2/viewtopic.php?t=5491Yet , on their tech support forum , they finally own up that what they really meant was ... `` You can burn video/movie/audio files and NON-COPYRIGHT PROTECTED DVDs to iPOD `` This is blatantly misleading advertising , in that the way that THEY define `` DVDs '' is really `` DVD-Rs '' that you 've burned of material that is n't copyrighted . It may sound obvious , upon reflection , but their advertising does NOTHING to clear this up.DO NOT BUY
 I have a 60 GB video iPod and avi movies I have taken . This product would n't work at all . The film is obviously not proprietary or copyrighted and it still would n't do what it promised .
 The packaging says `` Select any movie , DVD or video file , and DVD2Pod does the rest '' . Unfortunately it only works with non-copy protected discs . All the DVDs in my library are commercial , and therefore copy protected . There are no disclaimers on the OUTSIDE of the box . This is just dishonest . My first hint of a problem was with the terms and conditions that must be accepted as the software is loading . It did n't work with any of my movies . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY SOMETHING ELSE !!
 Wish I could get my money back ! I 'm not sure if it 's the Windows version that is of such poor quality , or if the Mac version is also bad , but this thing only seems to function if you have a ` standard ' DVD movie , and select all of the default options.I allowed it to update itself ` to the newest version ' and afterward it was even less functional !
 My complete is the same as everyone else , this product out rightly LIES on the packing , claiming that you can rip your DVD movies to your ipod . Sure , if it 's none copy written you can , but that excludes , well ... . all of my DVDs.Don ' t waste your money on this
 This product does not copy copy-protected DVDs . In other words , ALL of them . Although this is the right-and-proper thing to do from a legal perspective , the folks that make this have violated every possible ethical principle from a marketing perspective . The claims `` watch your movies , '' `` never be bored again , '' which appear everywhere on the box , on the promotional materials , and even on this product page , are clearly misleading and false . AND THE MANUFACTURERS KNOW THIS , and people have been complaining for ages , and yet they are unashamed of this behavior.I could see selling this product for $ 1.99 on the internet , to help you convert home movies ... but since your home movies are already in mpg form you can just get iTunes to do that for you . So I take it back . There is no reason for this product to exist , and every $ 25 you spend on it is $ 25 you could have set a match to and received the same value .
 i tried to convert movies that i own to my ipod so i can watch on the road and it would not do it because of copy write protection . this program sucks it does not work , trust me save your money try using slysoft software instead .
 Although description stated that this software copies `` any '' DVD to your ipod ; it wo n't copy copyrighted DVD movies , etc. .
 Along with blocking copyrighted material this software will not convert programs saved in your TIVO desktop . It searches only for programs with IFO , AVI .
 I bought this with a gift card , figuring it was worth a try . Sadly , opened software is not returnable.As mentioned in other reviews , this software clearly states , `` Select any movie , DVD or video file , and DVD2Pod does the rest . `` The only disclaimer on the outside of the box states the software is for lawful use only , and warns of the possible civil and criminal repercussions of illegal use . It says nothing of the inability of the software to convert legally owned DVDs for viewing on your own iPod.Biggest waste of $ 30 I 've had in a while .
 This product does n't do what it claims on the box . I read another article and the company defends the claims on the box because they sell this product in countries that allow ripping of protected dvds .
 Takes 50 % of CPU as long as I let it -LRB- hours -RRB- with absolutely no results . Do not buy this -
 DO N'T waste your money . DO N'T waste your time.This product fails at every turn . The box states that it will convert `` any '' DVD . False ! Any DVD with copy protection will not work with this product . Almost every DVD movie you purchase today will have some sort of copy protection.Version 1.0 of this product worked on non-copy-protected DVDs as long as you do not choose any custom settings . Attempting to use a custom setting will cause the program to fail to finish the conversion process.Version 1.2 of this program will not work at all . After perfoming the automatic update this program will not work on any DVD.Save your money and time by purchasing another product .
 False advertising on their part . Can not convert copyrighted movies into ipod movies . Avoid .
 First of all - for all the complainers that this product wo n't violate the law for them
 Try another package.I was not able to sync it with my AXIM .
 Did not work for me . Turned out the software is too old for my new Mac . Just have to buy new stuff .
 I bought Works , because I was a freshman in college , and needed a wordprocessing program for papers , etc. . It is good for people who will not share folders , and have their own printer . It 's a hassel trying to save the Works document in WP or something else to print out on another printer , or even view it on another computer . It may seem like such a great deal for $ 44 , but save up !! Honest ! The Office Suite , Word , or Excel separate are better deals ...
 VERY CLUMSY TO TRY TO USE DATABASE WITH MAIL MERGE FOR A WORD PROCESSOR FILE . UNLESS YOU WANT TO WORK/CREATE WHAT THEY HAVE ALREADY DONE FOR YOU , THE WHOLE PROGRAM IS VERY LIMITING . THEIR NEW GALLERY IS JUST FONTS AND COLORS -LRB- HO HUM -RRB- WE ALREADY HAD THAT . TO MAKE IT WORSE , WHEN QUESTIONED THEIR TECH SUPPORT AGREED WITH ME AND REFERED ME TO A TOLL-FREE NUMBER FOR A REFUND AND ANOTHER NUMBER TO TRY TO GET 4.0 / 4.5 ; THOSE PEOPLE CLAIM HE WAS WRONG AND SAID IF I WANTED TO TRY TO BUY 4.0 / 4.5 TO CALL A WAREHOUSE -LRB- THEY GAVE ME THE NUMBER -RRB- ; THE WAREHOUSE HAS CLOSED.SO MUCH FOR TECH SUPPORT ; BY THE WAY THE FIRST TECH SUPPORT GUY SAID THEIR WEBSITE HAD A DOWNLOAD PATCH TO CONVERT THEIR 6.0 FILES BACK TO 4.0 'S . I GOT TA FIND 4.0 TO BUY FIRST . WHILE I WAS THEIR I FOUND ANOTHER PATCH TO HELP FIX SOME OF THE DATABASE PROBLEM , IT WORKS , BUT JUST A SMALL PATCH FOR A VERY DISAPPOINTING PURCHASE . DONT ' WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY.ARE WE GETTING TO THE POINT WHERE THEY ARE TRYING TOO HARD . MAYBE SOME FRESH NEW IDEAS ARE NEEDED ; HERE 'S ONE - GET UP FROM THE DESK AND TRY LOOKING OUTSIDE , TAKE A BREATH AND RELAX . IF IT AI N'T BROKE - DO N'T FIX IT.THANKS FOR LETTING ME AIR .
 The most disappointing thing about Microsoft Works is that it does n't `` work '' well with other applications . For example , the database tool does not appear to be compatible with programs written in Visual Basic 6.0 . It appears that I now need to buy Access as a stand-alone product , when I feel that Works should be as useable as Office with Access . Half-star rating .
 With Works Micosoft makes a step backwards because it does not no longer support celprotection . Imagine a spreadsheet of 10 pages with hundreds of formulas and with no celprotection .
 Do n't type long letter on Microsoft works because sometimes it will error and close out and you will lose all your work . It 's done this using my computer and about 5 other computer now . . Usually I will now type on note pad which has not closed out on me ever before and paste to spell check onto Microsoft works so I do n't lose my work . . I 'm going o look for something more reliable that is compatible with other computers ...
 I am an Ameican African and this portrays AA folks in a bad light
 A `` friend '' persuaded me to buy an iMac last year . `` You will love how much easier it is to use than that Windows junk you 're used to . '' Since the price of an iMac was reasonable , I decided to take a chance.When I bought and installed QuickBooks Pro 4.0 , I very quickly learned why Apple is failing.The Windows 95/98 version of QuickBooks Pro 99 can do anything . I have been using Intuit products since 1990 , and have been spoiled by the way such a simple program can handle complicated transactions along with daily business . -LRB- When I worked for an SAP consulting firm , the managing partner said he was afraid to make us implement SAP R/3 , because QuickBooks performed circles around that million dollar software ! -RRB- But when you install QuickBooks on your Mac , you return to the stone ages . QuickBooks for DOS systems could do more.I called Intuit 's customer support -LRB- where I tend to get excellent treatment , because I 've used the product for so long -- one of my solutions is posted to their techie 's help manual -RRB- to complain . The techie was very nice and very frank . I should not expect an upgrade of QuickBooks for the Mac any time soon , because the market was not strong enough.And while Microsoft enables you to transfer QuickBooks data from the Mac platform to Windows 98 , the Mac OS will not permit a transfer in this direction . I therefore spent a week of very valuable time re-entering data and setting up the company file.A shame that Mac-only users will never get to know how good this software really is .
 Is the product listed above compatible with my mac or is it designed for an older version of mac ? Also , is it a software or just a learning guide ?
 I recently purchased a quick books Pro 4.0 . Nowhere in the decription did it say it only worked on an old mac and not with the new operating system.shame on you for this bad transparency of information . I feel like I was ripped off .
 I have a law office and receive e-mails with attachments of pleadings , memos and other documents . I purchased this product because I often could not open the attachments . Either I purchased the wrong product or it does not do what I expected . I still am unable to open most attachments -LRB- particularly ones that have been zipped by the sender -RRB- .
 It said it would open visio documents . It did but I could not read the labels . This rendereed the product useless .
 This is really bad ... Because they said , '' we support their knowledge about generator but they did n't do that `` It 's really sad ... They are really big company ... . This is small thing huh ...
 When I placed my order , a description was not available . I found the selection of symbols poor -LRB- 5,000 -RRB- , and limited . While the item was described as `` religious symbols '' , it actually only contains Christian symbols . I feel this is a misleading label . The CD also contains stories from the Bible and a few fonts . That 's not what I need , and I resent the attempt to pad the contents . I will not purchase products from this software publisher again , this is not a good value .
 I really wanted Once Upon a Knight to be a great game . I love RPGs and I love strategy games . This seemed like the perfect combination of genres , with cow-humor too ! Unfortunately , it fell short.First , some of the good points . The graphics are really impressive , sort of a cross between Black & White , WarCraft III and Nox . You have water with reflections , waving trees , very detailed friends and enemies.Gameplay is also very much a cross between Nox and WarCraft III . There 's a strategy game where you go around gathering weapons and armor , watching your health and killing the bad guys . There 's also a RPG game where you ... go around gathering weapons and armor , watching your health and killing the bad guys - while gaining experience . The maps and story are pretty much the same.The cut scenes have amazingly well done graphics which add to gameplay . The sound is quite good when it works properly , and there are little touches that show a sense of humor behind the scenes.With all of these things going for the game , it should have been one I LOVED . This is about perfect for my interests . But despite trying several times to get into enjoying this game , each time I walked away in frustration and anger . How could the game suck so badly ?? First off , whoever QAed this game did a pretty bad job . My machine here is a 3 GHz machine with a great video card , 1 gig RAM and plays hundreds of games without a glitch . When I put Once Upon a Knight on it , the game CRAWLED and mouse movement was incredibly jerky . I had to crank down all settings and put the resolution at one too low for my monitor to draw well to get it to play even reasonably . Even so , there was mouse lag and jerky video . This problem was even worse on other machines I tried it on - all between 2 GHz and 3 GHz.Next , the game just was n't very involving at all . There are so many games I 've played - Dungeon Siege , Diablo , Baldur 's Gate , etc. - where the story and gameplay drew me in and I was really interested in continuing to play . I would stay up all night to get to another level . With Once Upon a Knight , I had to force myself to keep plodding forward . It just did n't seem interesting at all.I have been a member of the SCA for years and love medieval stories and activities . But the incessant ' I mustest telleth thee why thee musteth goeth on a questeth ' was bordering on torture . ` Archaic speech ' works really well in some contexts - but they did it so incredibly poorly , misusing parts of speech and using poor grammar to boot - that it was like trying to read L337 SP33CH to play a game.The default settings for the game added to its unplayability . They start with dialogue boxes off - but the dialogue is poorly done and half the time you ca n't tell what the people are saying . Plus the default music volume drowns out the speech . I 've already mentioned what the default graphics settings do to gameplay.It seems like such an incredible shame to me , that a basic idea that was so great , combined with graphics that had such potential , ended up combining to create a game that was so unenjoyable . It really is a prime example how having a great foundation in a game means nothing if plot , QA and testing are n't done well . Having brilliant reflections in water are fine , but if you have no incentive to walk the landscape , they 'll never be seen .
 The game installed and ran smoothly on my 2.7 Gig machine . The only slowdowns were during the Autosaves . Graphics are decent if not spectacular and the manual is complete and well written.Having said that , the game is boring as heck . The campaign is linear , with little choice about what to do or where to go next . As someone else mentioned , the horribly mangled Elizebethian dialect would get you thrown out of most Ren Faires . Combat options are limited to
 It 's not the laptop 's fault . It 's that this game is so aggravating . It 's a cute premise , and I held out hope for it.The campaign was ok . As others have said , it 's pretty linear , and gets dull after a while.The RPG section was ok while I was playing a male character . When I changed to playing a female character , it was like being drop-kicked into the middle of Frat Row on Beer Bash night while wearing a miniskirt . My female character gets hit on , gets stupid things said to her , says really stupid things -LRB- gawd-awful ` thou ' lingo not counted -RRB- , and it gets old , fast.Not to mention that the game messages were not looked over by anyone who had a native-level grasp of the English language . It was charming at first , now it 's just obnoxious . If you 're looking for a time-killer , this could possibly be ok . Be warned though , your blood pressure may rise .
 I received this in the mail yesterday and was very excited . It arrived quickly and in good condition . I am computer literate and hardly ever have any trouble installing anything on my computer , but this has been very difficult.I have already spent 6 hours , over two days , and still have not even found the New Testament anywhere on my MP3 , all I ever get is the Old Testament.I am very disappointed with the installation directions . There seems to be no directions on uninstalling -LRB- so I can try to install again -RRB- . Other than this problem , the OT I have listened to looks good and the audio is also good.I finally figured out how to install and listen to the Bible and realize it is not a bad value but just needs better installation instructions .
 does not do what it advertises as there is a limit to the number of notes our ipod can store and retrieve . if you want to buy it you can buy mine , cheap !
 I purchased this product specifically for designing business cards and brochures . It has had endless problems . The designs were great however there was a problem with printing the business cards . The company has a downloadable file to fix this but you have to go into your hard drive to replace the bad file , which I have n't a clue how to do . I 'm not that tech . savvy . I had a problem with saving things in pdf . The file saves but then opens a blank page . The company has not addressed this issue . Currently , after only three days of having this , the program wo n't even open . I just get a bunch of Error windows . I have followed the companies instructions to uninstall and reistall with the same problems occuring . This software does have a money back guarantee . Good thing .
 Nuance 's ScanSoft Paperport 11 is a welcome product to scanning and storing paper . However , there is a serious quirk that Nuance knows about , and that is the annoying water mark -LRB- product trial -RRB- that appears after documents are scanned . Nuance 's answer -LRB- per support page -RRB- is for the user to delve into windows ' registry and alter security permissions , then uninstall , system restart , re-install . I tried this several times and each time the problem reoccurred . There is a problem with this support approach
 it worked fairly well when I had windows 95 but I got alot of GPF 's with that software and blue screens . It is not a friendly software to other clip art software . Now I can not use it at all on windows XP in fear that it would crash it . The system freezes and locks up when I scan . I can not import/export or select a twain driver . But I want to leave off saying that Technical support is a joke . All I got was run around automation , with no way to email or to contact a live person . I got bad tech numbers - which leads me to an operator saying that the numbers have changed and is no longer in service and all of this is on sierra 's website which now deals with gaming materialI can not get an update , because it does not download . bottom line is think hard to pick a software and you can not reach any support at all !!!!!!!
 the package says for beginners -LRB- and I 'm as beginner as they get -RRB- , I was first dissappointed that there was not a user manual . A quick reference card is not that useful for a beginner . The tutorial does not answer any questions that I may have about using the program . Needless to say I am a little disappointed but I will figure it out eventually . If there is a manual available I would like to have it cause it would make using the program a little easier .
 The program would not print the complete greeting card for either the half fold or the quarter fold . On a quarter fold card , if I had something on each of the four faces , it would print only 2 or 3 of the faces . On half fold , it would print just one face . This occured on the 5 or 6 I tried . Technical support could now solve the problem and authorized me to return it for a complete refund . I had Print Artist 4.0 that was great but wo n't run on the new computer with Windows XP
 after using print artist 4.0 version ... this new upgrade requires the knowledge of an EINSTEIN . Where are the printed manuals we used to obtain in past years ? Its sad to have to figure out step-by-step how ? what ? where ? . This took me time to figure out ... DO I INSTALL THE 6 CD 'S ENCLOSED ? DO I STOP INSTALLING WHEN CD # 3 TOLD ME TO STOP ? If I did not have the highest respect for Print Artist ... I would surely have given up by now . It had taken me 2-3 hours to figure the software out . still having problems . My advice ... IF you are a noviceDO NOT PURCHASE THIS SOFTWARE .
 I had an older version of Print Artist and just purchased version 2003 . My wife tried to print a simple card she made with disastrous results . After some investigation I found that this is a known bug which Sierra refuses to fix since they have discontinued this product . The program simple does not work . I learned of a complicated workaround where you put a transparent gif on every page to make it print correctly . I tried to return the product to Amazon but my 30 days had just run out and the only recourse was to sell a faulty program to some other unsuspecting person which I wo n't do .
 after using print artist 4.0 version ... this new upgrade requires the knowledge of an EINSTEIN . Where are the printed manuals we used to obtain in past years ? Its sad to have to figure out step-by-step how ? what ? where ? . This took me time to figure out ... DO I INSTALL THE 6 CD 'S ENCLOSED ? DO I STOP INSTALLING WHEN CD # 3 TOLD ME TO STOP ? If I did not have the highest respect for Print Artist ... I would surely have given up by now . It had taken me 2-3 hours to figure the software out . still having problems . My advice ... IF you are a noviceDO NOT PURCHASE THIS SOFTWARE .
 I have Print Artist 4.0 , but now have windows xp so need to update my package . I need some advice whether Gold or Deluxe is better ??? The 6 CD 's on deluxe is putting me off . Is it as easy to use as 4.0 ?? - Basically can anyone use Deluxe ? Or is it for the more experienced wiz kid ??
 I have an older version of Print Artist which is very good.This 2002 is the worst software I have ever used . What they do n't tell you is that everything has to be downloaded fromthe internet . E-Cards not just good quality cards . No grapicswithout going to the Internet . Who needs the software ?????
 This version of Card Studio 3 only has 500 cards , whereas the boxed version has 2,500 . It 's actually Card Studio 3 `` Special Edition '' . It has a very limited selection of cards , like 8 birthday cards . I returned it and got the Card Studio 2003 one which is much better .
 I 've loved previous versions of Hallmark/Sierra ... but this is awful . It 's a limited version and most cards do n't allow any modifcation -LRB- so unless you just want to always send to Grandma , you 're out of luck ! -RRB- . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 Meteors have hit the planet , resulting in a series of widely scattered emergencies that require the Rescue Heroes to intervene -- and they need your help !! The graphics are good , the intro is exciting ... . but after that the game is totally mediocre . Four activities have three levels of difficulty , but they are quite tedious no matter what level you play . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Move around a water maze to rescue people in a flooded movie studio , and shoot a life preserver over a moving line of floating objects . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Navigate a maze on a rock face as you rescue stranded climbers while avoiding vicious eagles and snakes . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Aim a hose at brush fires so you can find and rescue animals on an African preserve . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Snowboard down a ski slope without hitting the shrubbery so you can dig people out from under an avalanche.The hype is here , but the games are very boring . Your child has little flexibility or independence when performing tasks , and those tasks probably use only 2 % of your child 's brain power . For example , in order to dig people out of the avalanche , you click on the snow cave over and over , it does n't matter where , until the person trapped within tells you how great you are -- and every time it 's the same person in the snow cave . Each game is rather mindless in this way . There is little reasoning required and no skills acquired.This is lame software that has neither educational value nor excitement . When there are so many worthwhile children 's software titles out there , do n't waste your money or your child 's time on this lazy stuff . It may be worthwhile for the truly avid Rescue Heroes fan , but even that is doubtful . This was our first Rescue Heroes title . It is also our last .
 I ordered this on 12/6 . It is now 12/28 and beyond promised delivery date . Where is it ??????
 I purchased this game for my 5 year old son . The graphics are incredible and my son enjoyed all 4 levels . But the problem is THERE ARE ONLY 4 LEVELS . After a day of playing and completing all 4 levels my son became bored and has barely played the game since . Because there are only 4 levels my child became so familar with the game and what was going to happen next he has no desire to play . You can change the difficulty of the levels but that does not change the situations in the levels . Once again , 4 great levels but only 4 levels .
 My son is 3 and adores the rescue heroes . I thought he 'd love to have this game . He quickly went through all of the levels and games and became so bored he does n't play it anymore -LRB- after about 1 week -RRB- There are only 4 different areas to play and 3 levels for each area -LRB- all easy -RRB- if you beat all the areas you can print up a coloring page with your childs name on the top . Unless you can find it really cheap on sale - do n't waste your money .
 Poor customer support from Fisher Price ~ RESCUE HEREOS METEOR MADNESS ~ I have a brand new 1.3 Gig computer with Windows Me . The videos in the game only display 1/4 of the picture on the top of the screen . I have set the picture resulution to the correct setting and reinstalled the Quicktime 5 that came with the game . I have tried calling customer support at Fisher Price . After being on hold for about 10 minutes waiting for a support person to pick up the phone it then kicks into a recording where you can enter your name , phone number and why you are calling . I have left 2 messages and not once did any one there return my call . I have also tried calling multiple times but after being on hold the same recording clicks in . I am through wasting my time and will be returning this game back to Amazon.com
 The best version was Print Artist Gold 4.0 , the layout was perfect , the graphics were unbeatable and the program was just about the most user-friendly piece of software I have ever used ! Why did they have to change it ?! The old version does not work on my new fancy computer . This version really sucked compared to that one ! And if u did n't know , now u know .
 I agree with D. J. Reed . Print Artist Gold 4.0 was so much better . What happened to all the really good clipart ? This version stinks .
 I LOVE anything Disney and was thrilled to see this Print Creations CD !! I bought it for myself and could n't wait to play with it ! I was sooooo disappointed with it though ! It has no play to it with the photos ! If you enlarge your photograph then you lose half of the template !! There 's not openings cut out for you to put your photos in and hide the unwanted part ! Also you ca n't save your work in anything other than their format , so you ca n't share your work online with family or friends unless you email it which then shrinks it down to about 1/4 the size !! I know Disney is well , DISNEY , but it would be nice to have them actually let us be able to play with their images and templates!Highly disappointed !!!
 We were very excited to get this software because we are HUGE fans of Disney , but we think this software is absolutely awful ! The graphics are poorly organized , many of the graphics are fluff and fillers -LRB- i.e. the same images only in black & white then again in color -RRB- , and , overall the program is cumbersome and tedious to use . We are so disappointed in both Sierra and Disney , we suggest you do n't waste your time or money .
 I also call tech support and purchased the code . It STILL does not work on XP . I also went back to my old check program . I really liked the fact that you could change the font and size of font in this program , but could not get it to work .
 After weeks of trying to print blank checks with this product and after noticing that my bank was unable to record some check numbers . . finally the realization that ONLY LASER PRINTERS USING MAGNETIC INK can print checks . The instructions refer to but do not limit to those requirments . FOR LASER PRINTERS ONLY should be prominantly displayed On box . What a waste of time and money . . .
 This product is awful . If you are using Microsoft XP it wo n't install . You must call their sales line to get an unlock code to install a download version that works with XP . After setting up two accounts it was impossible to print blank checks to verify that they print correctly . Documentation is almost non existant . I could not print checks out of Quicken . You can not print full size checks only wallet size checks from this product . I consider the purchase price a complete waste . I uninstalled it and went back to my other check printing software .
 I got this sofware for myself but find it to be much more complex than what it need it to be . The layout of the sofware is very confusing and the options are not clear . Once you make a template for a check , it takes a lot of turns to change it around . You have to keep going back and forware in two differents icons to be able to print . Make sure to have a laser printer , it is a `` requirement '' . My -LRB- money was -RRB- a total waste .
 I was very disappointed when I first tried to install this product in that it WILL NOT work with Windows NT or 2000 . I had to boot up the old Windows 98 machine to try it out . The user interface is one of the worst I 've seen in a long time , requiring you to jump through many hoops just to get a check printed or designed . The help files are not very detailed . In fact there is some sort of `` check encryption id '' that is printed on each check and looks pretty cool , but there is no mention of what it is or how it works or how it improves the security of your check.On the positive side , it does seem to integrate with quickbooks , but again , only under windows 98 . Also , this program does not print deposit slips like many of the other check printing programs . For the cost , it is not worth it . I will attempt to get a refund .
 I am a long time user of Adobe Photo Deluxe -LRB- versions 2.9 and 3.0 -RRB- and think their image editing capability is good . I bought 4.0 for its advertised photo organization . I could n't believe that it was the same archaic difficult system ... My Photos and the archaic . PDD extension on pictures . I could n't even download my digital camera into the program ... it would only do one image at a time painfully slow . I bought this new program hoping to eliminate my need to work with 3 different programs as I currently do . Dreamer . I called Adobe to see if I could return the product to them . The phone rep was rude and totally uninterested in my concerns . I 'm stuck with a lemon .
 This software came with my digital camera . ... One of the key aspects of digital photography is that it is probably the best way to preserve and easily distribute photo collections to posterity . Adobe 's oddball proprietary format nullifies this . It produces large files that stand a more than even chance of being unreadable by software 10 + years down the road . Exporting to a . jpg does appear to recompress the image and strip off non-viewable information text that some programs -LRB- and cameras -RRB- append to the file that better describe the photo . I 'll stick with any other photo editing software that uses native . jpg files . There are several better choices with just as many tools . Try Photosuite 4 with a rebate for example -LRB- almost free -RRB- .
 The program stores pictures in a proprietary format -LRB- * . pdd -RRB- . It can take JPEG -LRB- and many other file formats -RRB- as input , but then saves in the photodeluxe format , which was 20X larger than JPEG format . Also this makes sharing pictures harder and uploading to a website harder . There was an export option to JPEG but I believe this was recompressing the picture , which can not be good for image quality.Also could not change where the program wanted to store pictures . I want to put pictures in a subfolder under my documents so I can do easier backups . But Photodeluxe does n't have an option -LRB- that I could find -RRB- for using a directory other than the default of the program directory.Finally , the tools provided get to be a little tedious . The steps you have to go through for using a tool -LRB- e.g. redeye removal -RRB- are on several tabs of a dialog , so you have many extra clicks to get between tabs .
 When downloading pictures it downloads them all to a open format in the program , then memory problem occurs , too many pictures open . I reloaded the 3.0 and it downloads them without opening them . I feel the earlier version was easier to use except for the . pdd issue as always .
 run away , do n't walk . i 've nothing but problems w / the prod . uses incredible amount of virtual memory/swap space . appear to have memory leak that causes it to get slower and slower over time in one session . always convert pic to its proprietary . pdd format . it 's just pathetic . it 's a shame Adobe makes this kind of crap . run away ...
 As with several other reviews of this product , my edition came bundled , in this case with a digital camera . I concur completely with the predominantly negative comments . I 've used several other products for general image editing -- nothing fancy -- but this was probably the worst I 've seen . I installed it , played with it for a couple of days , and quickly uninstalled it . It 's non-intuitive , yet it forces you to follow a set procedure . And it saves in a humungous . pdd file format . In contrast , I just read a bunch of reviews about PhotoImpact 6.0 and immediately ordered it .
 I got Photodeluxe 2.0 bundled with my Dell back in 1999 and loved the simplicity -LRB- still do -RRB- . I got 4.0 with my Fuji camera and have noticed that they actually managed to make it worse -LRB- ? -RRB- . They did make a couple of improvements , but one feature they actually removed from the earlier version is unforgivable
 I THINK THIS SOFTWARE IS AWFUL . WHENEVER I OPENED A PICTURE , I WOULD CHANGE THE BACKGROUND AND USE A SAMPLE PIC FROM THIER FILE -LRB- PROVIDED BY THE COLLAGE SECTION -RRB- WHEN IT CAME TIME TO PRINT NO MATTER WHAT I DID THE PICTURE WOULD ONLY PRINT IN THUMBNAIL SIZE ! I EVEN PURCHASED A JPEG COMPRESSER BECAUSE I THOUGHT THAT WAS THE PROBLEM , BUT I WAS WRONG . THIS IS THE SECOND VERSION OF ADOBE HOME DELUXE I HAVE BOUGHT AND BOTH HAD PROBLEMS . I HAVE SPENT WELL OVER $ 100 ON 2 DIFFERENT VERSIONS AND WAITED ON THE SUPPORT LINE FOR OVER A HOUR -LRB- AND GOT NOTHING -RRB- SO NOW I AM STUCK WITH THIS CRAP THAT IS DEFECTIVE AND ADOBE CA N'T DO NOTHING FOR ME . AT THIS POINT I AM VERY UNSATISFIED WITH WITH THIER PRODUCTS , I NEVER BUY THIER STUFF AGAIN !
 This product came bundled with my new scanner and I installed it 10 days ago on my 1.4 GHz PC , 512 MB RAM , running Windows 2000 . At first the only problems I encountered were with slow image file opening , . pdd format as only option , and image file naming . Then attempts to launch the application on day 11 were met with errors messages related to the `` scratch disk being full '' . I have 32 GB of available on the hard drive so this message is mystifying . So far I 've downloaded online troubleshooting documentation , sent emails to customer support , called their toll-free and pay-as-you-go numbers for customer support -- all to no avail . Calls to their 900 number were either dropped or they could n't find me or my product in their database . I 've never had so many problems with photoprocessing application . My advice -- use something , anything else -- this product is bad news .
 I have bought two adobe products , first 3.0 . I liked it alot-easy and fun to use-UNTIL my computer kept crashing and when i took it in , the shop told me that the adobe had changed some windows settings and took out the program . All was well , so later that year bought adobe 4.0 , thinking that perhaps the bugs were out ! Wrong , same thing happened ... I called adobe and they say that they had never heard of it before and were really quite rude . So now i will buy Picture it-hopefully microsoft will not disappoint me !
 I got this product bundled with a digital camera -LRB- Fuji 2800 -RRB- . The main problem that I have is with sizing the photos . Adobedoes n't have a fix that can be downloaded , so they have come up with some sort of rigged fix . I still have 3.0 and I 'm going to use it instead of -LSB- messing -RSB- around with this defective product .
 Got the product bundled with a Fuji digital camera . Have just installed it and and 2 days later uninstalled it . Adobe have seen the error of their ways and have dis-continued the product . Support runs out mid-2003 . But no doubt it will continue to be bundled as a great gim me with digicams!Get almost anything else the proprietary . pdd format is memory/HDD hungry . I have yet to find anything else that even comes close to opening the files in this format.KEEP AWAY
 I got PhotoDeluxe 4.0 Home Edition free with my current scanner . I used it for about eight months -LRB- using windows XP -RRB- , and had limited success editing photos and graphics . The menus are not intuitive , and I never was able to print photos using the program . A few days ago I downloaded a trail version of Paint Shop Pro 8 . What a difference . I do n't feel like an idiot anymore , and I can actually edit my photos without constantly looking to the ` help ' menu . Photodeluxe is not completely useless , but I can not see spending money on it when there are other programs out there that work much better for the same price .
 We purchased this software to map retail locations on a region . It is missing too many features to be usable . For instance , when you import a custom graphic pushpin , the software does n't resize it as you zoom which forces you to create multiple sizes in another program . You can add text description boxes but have no control over the font or sizing -- and they do n't resize either.We highlighted our specific region but the software does n't let you print just that region -LRB- called ` territory . -RRB- We searched the help files and their word ` territory ' is not even listed.You can not save your map graphics in any standard graphics format , e.g. JPEG , PDF or ai . We tried printing to a PDF generator , but Map Point 's map output is of very poor resolution even on the highest settings.After wasting a lot of time , it 's apparent we should have tried Google Maps/Earth with our graphics editing software for a solution that works .
 Once I began defining the territories , using the US census geographic unit , my system crashed . I was not even halfway through the process . Microsoft 's suggestions were to uninstall and reinstall but this did not fix the problem . Currently I am able to use about half of the functionality . I am very unhappy with this purchase .
 This product is fine if you do not want to print your map . I created a territory and added locations via the pushpins . At a lower zoom level , my pushpins overlap and are unreadable . I wanted to print the whole territory at a certain zoom level to allow veiwing of all the pushpins without overlap onto however many pages it takes . This is not possible . It will only print what you see on your screen . If you want to print your whole map , you literally have to save your screen view into a graphic file , scroll to the next area , save it as well and repeat until you have saved your entire territory . Once you have saved the whole map in peices , you can print all your files and tape them together to make one big map . Ridiculous !!
 All I want is a political map of the world with a group of 60 countries on it shaded . There is little control over shades -- I have a choice of sixteen colors for my group of shaded countries . That 's it -- and oddly , none of them are colors I would willingly choose . The map is labeled not only by country names but also by certain states in the United States . There is no way to turn off this labeling . For my simple purposes , this program is unusable .
 I use Quickbooks Pro which integrates nicely into the `` MyBusinessCheckWriter '' software program . I thought I would save money by printing my own checks , but did not realize the following
 The price on this product is attractive , but it will NOT work with Quicken unless you purchase additional software -LRB- from MyChecks , of course -RRB- to allow printing to odd size checks.Basically , you print the check and payee information in one step by selecting a special `` printer '' that merges the data and sends it to your printer . This is complex and adds an unnecessary step to the process if you like to print blank checks then fill them out.If you are particularly security conscious , printing a check in one step means you do n't have blank checks lying around . That 's a good thing . But it 's not for me , nor , I suspect for most people.Back they go .
 These are advertised as compatible with Quicken and Quickbooks but if they are , I certainly ca n't make them work . The perfs are in a different location than Intuit 's software can deal with . The printing will stagger off on the business 3 ups and also the business with stub .
 This product contains only 3 part blank checks and no computer software . I am , therefore , returning the item.K . Angles
 The price on this product is attractive , but it will NOT work with Quicken unless you purchase additional software -LRB- from MyChecks , of course -RRB- to allow printing to odd size checks.Basically , you print the check and payee information in one step by selecting a special `` printer '' that merges the data and sends it to your printer . This is complex and adds an unnecessary step to the process if you like to print blank checks then fill them out . You have to load your MICR toner EVERY time you print checks . -LRB- You really do want to use MICR toner . Trust me . -RRB- If you are particularly security conscious , printing a check in one step means you do n't have blank checks lying around . That 's a good thing . But it 's not for me , nor , I suspect for most people.Back they go .
 I used to think this software was great ... then I updated my OS to Windows XP , and now it crashes constantly . Oh well , I guess that 's to be expected . But what I did n't expect was the complete lack of support . Sierra 's site does n't have any mention of Complete Home , or of Home Architect Version 3 or higher . It looks like they abandoned their site five years ago . There are still support files that talk about Windows 3.1 , and no mention of W95 , W98 , NT , ME or XP . So , I ca n't recommend this product at all . As far as I 'm concerned they abandoned me and I 'll have to buy another product from a different company ... a company that is not named Sierra .
 Like another reviewer , I also liked this product , especially its ease of use , and the speed with which you could change your floorplan . But when I got an XP it crashed all the time . To add to the frustration , there is no support from their website for this product . I could n't even find the product on the site . So I can only recommend it if you have an , apparently older computer . It worked fine using windows 98 , but got slower and slower as my plans got more complicated . When I went to windows XP which I though would help , it became useless .
 I tried to load it on a new updated pc and could not get it to launch . It claims it is xp compatible but I would not use this product if you have xp .
 I TRIED TO GET WINDOWS HELP FILES TO HELP WITH THE PROGRAM AND IT SAID THAT THE WINDOWS HELP FILES IT NEEDED WERENT AVAILABLEAND SINCE IT IS FROM 95 TO 98 IT IS PROBABLY TOO OLD .
 This product is very slow - 15 hrs for 58 GB is just to slow for me . To make matters worse , it does n't recognize the full size of my Western Digital external USB HD . The program stops after writing 4GB of data . I 'm looking for another backup program .
 Voyetra is a terrible company to deal with !! T.M. Piano has very specific hardware requirements , and Voyetra will absolutely NOT help you figure out what components will satisfy those requirements . They refuse to list sound cards and MIDI keyboards that will enable the program to run properly , and when you try to ask them what hardware you can purchase , they refuse to tell you . And when you purchase hardware which will supposedly satisfy the program 's requirements , Voyetra tells you it wo n't work . It is therefore a complete mystery to me how a customer can possibly determine what hardware to use . Save yourself the frustration and deal with a company that will actually give you proper customer service instead .
 I bought this and tried to install it on a new laptop -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- . After several failed attempts to install , I called `` tech '' support . 12 hours later , after I had talked to 5 different techs , 2 of whom used remote access to download a bunch of programs onto my computer , and both of whom just disappeared with no solution in sight , I gave up . The last guy actually texted me , before he disconnected , `` Please do n't call us , we 'll call you . `` I was able to download and install AVG with no muss , no fuss , and no cost . Norton is being returned .
 I agree with almost all the negative statements about the product previously posted except install did not trash my system so far . Installation to over one hour but went without much trouble . I needed to shut down Spy Sweeper for the install to continue.Anti-spam , parental control , etc were not included in the original install which required a long download from the website , another long install , and reboot . The install routine should include these at the start . Even with DSL these downloads were long I would of given up if I had a modem . I also have lost the `` Spam '' `` Not Spam '' etc buttons on the tool bar in Eudora.The full system scan which in the previous release took about one hour under IS7 I cancelled after over 3 hours running.I am sorry I upgraded !
 This is based on my experience with Norton Internet Security 2002 . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Technical support may as well be nonexistent . Technical and customer support representatives repeatedly refused to reply to E-mails asking for help with a problem that a Live Update created . Their managers refused to answer faxes . The problem was finally fixed several weeks later by another Live Update . -LRB- 2 -RRB- I was unable to buy virus definition updates after 2006 . Symantec told me I 'd have to buy a new edition of their software to get the updates , so I subscribed to Frisk F-prot instead . -LRB- Same price for annual virus subscriptions , and it has given me good service for 1.5 years . -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- I can not uninstall the Symantec antivirus scanner from my computer . If I disable the Registry keys , it jams Word for Windows and everything else that calls for virus scans . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Five years ago , I was an advocate for Symantec products . Now I consider it an obligation to warn other customers off.My experience with Symantec is that its software is of very poor quality , and that the company has nothing but contempt for its customers .
 I bought this product brand new from Amazon , and at first I did not think there was a problem after installing . We live in a rural area , and sometimes service is slow - even with high speed . Then I thought my memory was full , and deleted a lot of temporary files etc as suggested . Still super slow , and getting slower all the time . A lot of times the mouse would not respond to the touch pad -LRB- Dell Inspiron 6000 - one year old -RRB- and could not even work off line with out super lag times . Computer had to be shut down every day or it would be almost impossible to get any response , and even if it was shut down correctly and started again , the response time was so very , very , very slow ... very frustrating to try and get work done . And finally , I decided to delete this program ... and today - WOW !!! - my computer is back to it 's old lickety split reaction times and I am able to get my work done in a timely manner . I wish I had listened to the reviews , and had not purchased this product . I will not reinstall , and will be VERY leery of any NIS products in the future . And I learned something ... the reviews really do help , so I will pay a lot closer attention to them in the future . I would have given this product a minus 2 star rating , but I could not figure out how to do that . :-RRB- Thanks for offering reviews Amazon !
 I went with a 2 year subscription because they forced me to upgrade -LRB- no updates to old version -RRB- and because I did n't want to deal with it yearly . Mistake.It is a memory hog . After running a virus scan , you better reboot because otherwise your other programs will be extremely slow . I dealt with that by only virus scanning monthly.I finally got so frustrated , though , with an error constantly saying my virus protection was not on . The Fix Now button forced a LiveUpdate which completes but never fixes the problem . Even uninstalling everything and reinstalling -LRB- twice -RRB- did nothing to help it . And with that virus protection failing , my Outlook program would n't let in new email and Internet Explorer would fail -LRB- but Mozilla Firefox worked fine -RRB- . I am off to try McAfee which works fine on my work laptop . I am glad I no longer own any SYMC stock ...
 I have been using Norton software for more than 10 years and I had no problem until I bought this product which is sold as 1 Year protection for up to 3 PC . After I installed on the first PC I tried to install on the second PC . Unfortunately it did not work at all and disabled all the programs I had on this PC . I had a very hard time to Uninstall it . Then I contacted Symantec technical support from the first computer and the advice I got was usless . I reinstalled the program on the second computer and this time I got the message that my subscription is expired -LRB- I activated the product OCt. 01 , 07 -RRB- , and the antivirus and web protection could not be turn on - so no wirus protection . -LRB- My computers OS - Win Xp Pro . -RRB- I would not try to install on the laptop after what I experienced with installation on the second PC.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT if you do not wont to get a severe headache.I will stay away from Symantec product from now on .
 I have owned Norton antivirus from years , even with their MS-DOS OS versions and their products worked more or less fine.For their Windows version I always had problems installing and updating from one version to another . It is true that they always provide some tool -LRB- Removal , autofix , etc -RRB- to fix it.I had NIS2005 which decided not to work all of the sudden and I purchased NIS2007.I have not been able to make NIS2007 to work . It freezes up , I can not shutdown my computer , etc , etc. . I have tried to work with their customer support but after several hours spent I decided to ask for my money back and install MacAfee and so far so good .
 I bought a new Desktop PC installed with Vista . It came preinstalled with McAfee 2007 . I have been using Norton products for years , so I bought a 3 user package of North Internet Security 2007 . For the 60 days of the trial , my computer ran flawlessly . But it was time to install Norton as McAfee had run its course . I installed the program last night , which took 45 minutes with the Vista update from Symantec , required updates , restarts and the full system scan . After this time my computer , which as I said ran flawlessly for 60 days , well now every 60 minutes I get the blue screen of death and a forced restart . I contacted Symantec 's customer support only to be greeted with an hour and forty five minutes wait to chat with an analysts -LRB- seems that I was not the only one with Norton troubles -RRB- . After all this time , the advice I was given was ... uninstall and reinstall !!!! Gee , Einstein , I would have never done that already before I wasted my time contacting you . But the Symantec analyst was firm that this was the problem . So I took my morning and uninstalled and reinstalled and ... THE SAME BLUE SCREEN OF DEATH but now in under an hour of use !!! I 'm uninstalling this virus and buying a McAfee package ASAP.Oh also , during the time my computer was not crashing , it ran SLOW !! It is a 2.8 gig processor with 2 gigs of ram but it ran as if it were a 386 processor with 32 megs of ram . And everything you run , Norton needs you to approve its connection ... EVERYTHING . You can allow Norton to decide what can and can not connect so you do not have to click every five second , but then you will not be able to user 1/2 of your programs as the geniuses at Norton did not include them in their ` safe ' list.I regret buying this and only wish I could give it ZERO stars !!!
 I downloaded this software to update my virus protection . I opted for the full internet security which was a BIG mistake . The software is not user friendly . The download itself was complicated and time consuming . It is difficult to remove unwanted features and impossible to remove some . Also , the company 's refusal to provide any type of convenient support when you buy their product is extremely frustrating.Do not waste your time or money on this product .
 It seems that as Symantec products evolve , they get more and more user-unfriendly . It 's fascinating -- if you 're not a user of their products.Which I am not anymore.I 've been a faithful Symantec defender for 20 years or so . I 've used them since I started using a computer . Sure , in the last few years the software had become very complicated . And yeah , it was kind of hard to allow trusted Web sites . And okay , maybe their program help and online knowledge base has been a little thin since they stopped answering user questions directly . But if you had the patience to hang in there and set it up correctly , you could be sure that your computer was safe . Well , as safe as a computer can be.Then I got IS2005 . The trauma of setting that up lasted so long that I did n't even bother upgrading to IS2006 . But , I figured , they 'd probably addressed the user-unfriendliness and the customer support problems . So when my subscription ran out , I took the plunge and got IS2007 with the SystemWorks bundle.Six hours later , I had installed everything . -LRB- The GoBack portion of the SystemWorks installation took the most time . It told me it could take up to 30 minutes -- it took four hours . -RRB- My first problem was not being able to access SystemWorks once it was installed . Fortunately , Symantec had an online tool that could help me figure out what the problem was . Unfortunately , that tool could only be used in Internet Explorer , which I could no longer access because SystemWorks was conflicting with it somehow.So I restored back to before I installed everything.After cooling off , and catching up from my wasted day , I reinstalled IS2005 -LRB- since the 2007 install had erased it -RRB- , then upgraded again . This time , after the IS2007 install , I got the Blue Screen Of Death every time I tried to reboot . That was the end for me.I 'm going to try and get my money back , but I 'm not very hopeful . It 's enough for me if I can warn just one person away from using this awful , terrible , pathetic , other thesaurus words for `` just plain bad '' product . But if I can warn everyone , that 's good too .
 This is my first public review of any product . I generally dont have the time or motivation to go throught the process of posting a review . However , I have never had such a negative experience with a commercially available software package before . From beginning to end , the process of repeated attempts to install and then trying to remove NIS2007 was time-consuming , frustrating , and crippled my computer.First the operating environment details . I 'm running XP-Pro SP2 on a 2.6 ghz pentium with 1GB of RAM.Upon the de-installation of the existing NIS 2006 and Spyware Doctor applications , I proceeded with the installation of NIS 2007 . The installation appeared to go cleanly , but upon attempting to restart , my computer hung on shutting down , and upon attempting to come up , I got a blank desktop with no task bar , start menu , or desktop icons . Later , as I was working with Symantec support and was able to get a desktop back , I also experienced things as not being able to bring up the control panel or click on the ` My Computer ' icon . Of course , I had no internet access during the whole ordeal.Since I couldnt find any phone number contact in the ridiculously minimal instruction manual that came with the package , I called my local ISP to find out what they knew about the affects of using NIS 2007 . Through them I got a phone number for Symantec support . As a side note , the manual points out ways to get support if you have access to the internet and email , but gives no direction if you dont have access to those.Over the course of the next 4 days of working through my issues with NIS 2007 , my experience with Symantec support left me with the impression that they were mostly incompetent and quite innefective . I give Symantec credit for having 24/7 phone support , and I did work with one knowledgable support person there named Jay , but most of the experience was frustrating and time-consuming . The help desk is located in India , and the first problem is that they couldnt hear me though I was speaking loudly . The next problem is that I had to answer the same questions repeatedly as if the person didnt understand my answers . On a number of ocassions , I felt the person on the other end was just going through a script , and wasnt listening to what I was saying or reading my growing case notes . I got passed around a lot to different people and spent a lot of time on hold . They kept trying to get me off the phone even though we hadnt worked through the problem completely . In one instance , the helpdesk person was trying to tell me that things were all fixed even when I had told her there was an activation error during the re-install we were working on.Having worked with tech support and edited registries , and tinkered with start-up configurations and various services settings , I could never get NIS 2007 to install -LRB- tried four times -RRB- . Trying to un-install the package turned out to be almost as difficult and troublesome . Uninstalling has left me with problems with my computer I have yet to work out . I still cant use my scanner because it complains about a symantec DLL issue . I have no idea why that would be.Anyway , I would rate this product less than zero if I could . There was nothing that went right , and a lot that went wrong . I cant believe Symantec could put out such a pathetic piece of software with such inffective support . I 'm returning NIS 2007 and trying my luck with Zone Alarm .
 I now have 9 licenses for this crime against bad programming . At first it looked like some of the many odious problems of previous sour vintages had been resolved but trust Norton , no.Two problems have been somewhat resolved1 -RRB- When you want to load the program to change settings or run a manual scan , unlike previous versions where you could take a coffee break during the process , it now loads in a few seconds2 -RRB- When an update fails -LRB- and they do , as usual -RRB- , when you restart the update , it usually resumes where it left off -LRB- so you do n't lose the partial download -RRB- ALL of the other bad problems , however , remain1 -RRB- It often -LRB- ALWAYS in my case -RRB- totally screws up your computer . I have two new HP NW9440 notebooks . Only MatLab , Open Office , Adobe Acrobat and Visual Studio on them . Kaput . Long , long hangs during resume from hibernation . -LRB- I told those outsourced wonders about this long ago - `` Sir , it is not our problem '' . Anyways , I used msconfig to totally disable this piece of junk -LRB- these two computers are used for work , not play so they are never connected to the Internet so I can get away with this -RRB- . Now , no problems and the computers run fine . `` Sir , it is not our problem '' . `` No , Norton is the problem `` 2 -RRB- Actually , EVERY computer I have has this problem . -LRB- I use hibernation on all of them -RRB- 3 -RRB- This program is EXTREMELY intrusive . Norton just HAS to let you know that it is THERE . With their obnoxious huge bright yellow icons , the extra bar in Internet Explorer , etc. -LRB- You have to disable all this CRAP -RRB- . If you have extreme epilepsy , as I do , there is blinking , etc , which cause me untold misery . Also , if you have dialup , NIS sucks up the bandwidth -LRB- as does Adobe Acrobat with it 's automatic updates -RRB- unless you manually disable automatic updates4 -RRB- Norton STILL screws you on multiple licenses . As I said , I have two identical HP NW9440 notebooks . I installed two legal versions of NIS2007 a few weeks apart on them -LRB- I purchased them several weeks apart -RRB- . Naturally , Norton truncated the time period for the second installation by several weeks . -LRB- This is how these corporations increase their profit margin , by nickel and dime-ing everyone as the US government does n't care about anything any more -RRB- 5 -RRB- Updates sometimes crash Norton . Also , update downloads sometimes fail because Norton 's servers sometimes dump you.The only positive note is that the installation -LRB- especially the downloading of updates after this initial installation -RRB- have been less painful than previous versions.Essentially , this version fixes a few of the previous bugs while continuing most of them -LRB- Anyone for Norton Internet Security 3007 ? -RRB- It would be nice if those pneumocephalics in Washington would establish software reliability and usability standards but they wo n't do anything to actually improve this country . Hot air increases global warming .
 Norton is now owned by the huge behemouth Digital River , who have n't a clue how to run support or customer service . They are useless and anything with their grimy mits on it and we take a wide berth of it , would n't consider it . Norton used to be top notch , now it is like pouring mollasses into your computer . It interferes with everything . Microsoft seems to have given up on them too , as Norton has not bothered to interface properly with Windows , a consequence being that it is also buggy and problematic . I can only warn you ~ AVOID !!! A bad bit of software and a company that has n't any clue about what customer service is and does n't look likely to change . Profit seems to be likely more important to them than service or keeping the Norton family of software up to date and working well ...
 I was disappointed when I purchased and installed NIS 2007 to find that this `` smart '' `` automated '' firewall does not seem to properly configure local file sharing . On your local trusted LAN you either have NO sharing or completly open NO Security . We could not find in NIS 2007 a user friendly configuration for local file sharing in the trusted LAN environment , the one configuration everbody who shares files in a group setting would want to use . Our IT person after much effort and using information from another user -LRB- see below -RRB- was able to get the configuration working . My advice , avoid this product unless you are a firewall expert.From Amazon UK site : Reviewer
 Had 2006 anti virus and it worked great . Had 2006 Personal Firewall and it worked great . Figured I 'll try something better `` Norton Internet Security 2007 '' What a waste of time and money . Scans are way slower than 2006 , updates are slower , The firewall is a joke -LRB- what happened to ad blocking -RRB- I 'm buying the 2006 stuff again and throwing this 2007 junk away . Read the reviews people , there is a reason it rated so low .
 There are 3 types of what Symantec called tech support . Email -LRB- free -RRB- , chat -LRB- free though they made me wait about 30 minutes for it -RRB- and phone -LRB- a pretty substantial fee -RRB- . I chose chat.After I installed Norton Internet Security -LRB- NIS -RRB- 2007 , my PC could no longer access my network . So I tried Microsoft XP 's Network Setup wizard again . Still did n't work . Next I disabled the personal firewall of NIS 2007 temporarily . Still could n't file share or network print . So I tried Symantec 's chat tech support . First the tech asked me to disable personal firewall then all of the protection features in on the same screen . Still did n't work . Then she jumped to the conclusion that there must be something wrong with my printer . I told her I could print from a different PC protected by McAfee Internet Security 2007 . Then she asked me to uninstall NIS 2007 and try again . I told her no way . It took me 2 hours to install NIS 2007 because Norton had to scan all my files once to say that it had successfully installed . The tech kept insisting that I uninstall so I had to try working the problem out myself . Through trial and error , I eventually got the PC to work with my network . Here is what I did . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Disable personal firewall . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Restart or power cycle the device you try to connect to . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Reenable personal firewall.I have both NIS 2007 and McAfee Internet Security 2007 . I did n't have much problem with McAfee . The only problem was the antispam that quit working one day out of the blue and labeled all my mails -LRB- including many legit ones -RRB- SPAM in my 2006 McAfee . McAfee has additional features not available in NIS . It has a way to show all the network devices graphically . If antispam works properly in McAfee 2007 , I think it is a better buy .
 I had been a satisfied Symantec customer since Windows 3.1 . However , I recently tried to reinstall this product after having reinstalled Windows on the computer I purchased it for . Reinstallation is completely blocked by their activation process . Two hour long calls to Customer Service and a contact to email service all told me to buy another license . `` Please note that , as per End User License Agreement -LRB- EULA -RRB- , one license = one installation on one computer . However , Symantec understands that user may need to re-install the software in case of hard drive failure , etc '' but they do n't let me reinstall ! DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT . And Symantec , say goodbye to another previously loyal customer .
 I 've been a loyal Norton customer over the years and it 's sad to have watched them go from lean and mean to bloated and nonworking.The upgrade from NIS 2006 to 2007 went smoothly enough , though my subscription ended up being shortened -LRB- you buy a subscription for a year , but if you upgrade before the very last day of your old subscription , you lose whatever time was left on your old subscription -RRB- . The problems began when I tried doing anything with my PC after this product was installed . Browser hangs , ccapp.exe -LRB- Norton 's engine -RRB- application errors that ca n't be cleared without a reboot -- expect all of this and more.Norton Technical support is useless . They basically tell you to uninstall all other software on your machine except the Operating System and NIS.I uninstalled Norton and will give McAfee a try , but am not holding my breath . I think I 'll try the strategy of a friend at work -- have one P.C. connected to the Internet and use that machine just for things like music , gaming , etc. while keeping all personal information -LRB- finances , etc. -RRB- on another machine disconnected from the web .
 Sorry , I ca n't rate this item as I never received it . I have contacted the shipper twice asking for shipping info , etc. and as of this date -LRB- 8/09/07 , 9:07 pm -RRB- have received absolutely no replies . Your acknowledgemrnt said ship via Fedex , theirs said something else . Not very happy with this transaction . Bob Nelson
 Be very careful of Symantec . Their product packaging says it applies to a certain operating system , but in reality it does n't and you ca n't get it upgraded to apply unless you buy `` another '' package , so why pay twice ? Do n't trust the Symantec packaging . I spent 5 hours on the phone tonight with
 My computer -LRB- 9 months old -RRB- has acquired a virus , spyware , trojan or ??? that hijacks my home page and replaces it with a full-page ad for something called `` Ultimate Cleaner . '' I ran a full scan with this product -LRB- Norton Internet Security 2007 -RRB- and it found nothing . Frustrated , I called Symantec . I was told that they would take control of my computer and do the deed -- for $ 99.00 . A big gulp , but I wanted to get rid of the hijacking . The tech -LRB- offshore , probably India -RRB- played around for over an hour . I was able to watch him on my monitor as he diddled around , removing some temp files and a few dlls . He then ran Live Update and a full system can , telling me to call back if any problems are found . I said `` What about the problem I called about ? '' He advised that he was unable to solve the problem . I asked how I get my refund of the useless $ 99.00 fee -LRB- which I stupidly put on my debit card . -RRB- He said the fee is not refundable !!!!!!!! I have used Norton since Dr. Peter was there . Foolishly , I have continued to use their products each year , as they became less-and-less effective . This is the last time I will EVER buy anything from Symantec . Norton Internet Security has fallen from grace , and their game of conning their customers into spending $ 99.00 to play around , with no solution , is reprehensible .
 I finally got the product installed after countless hangups , error messages , and restarts . Being an idiot I bought the 2007 version after remembering how incredibly frustrating and time consuming the installation process was with the 2006 version , but at least then I could fix freezeups and erroneous subscription expiration threats.It 's a safe assumption that anyone who 's fairly inexperienced with software installations in general will NEVER get this up and running . I wish I 'd read all the reviews here . I 'm spending the 25th hour of the ordeal trying to figure out how to unfreeze the Norton Protection Center window - which tellls me I must renew my subscription -LRB- ! -RRB- -LRB- this same thing happened to me with the 2006 version , but with that version I could close the window or click on the support tab to activate the product . With this version it is frozen so you ca n't click on ANYTHING until you attempt to renew a subscription you already own when you purchased this defective piece of -LRB- * -LRB- * $ % # $ @ # . You ca n't even close the window ! This is the LAST time I buy anything Norton . Can all these negative reviews be wrong ? Again , big regrets for not checking here first for user 's opinions .
 You would think with as much money and resources as Symantec Corporation possesses , it would take enough pride in itself to produce a half-way decent product . However , over the past five years , there has been a steady degeneration of anti-virus and security suite software . Norton is probably the worst offender . Starting around 2004 , I noticed that its anti-virus software began deluging my CPU , the pinnacle of which was the 2006 security suite program . I vowed that I would not purchase another Norton product after its 2006 internet security suite release . However , I am a glutton for punishment and bought the 2007 upgrade of the security suite software . On the positive side , it is not as slow as the 2006 version . Unfortunately , to make this CPU killer slightly faster , the programmers at Symantec took out some importance features , like parental control , while diluting some of the interface graphics , giving the new version the appearance of some morphed second-rate project of a half-inebriated software designer in West Bengal.Worse , after using the product for two months , it started to become rebellious , popping up error screens , and turning off the program 's protections . I un-installed and re-installed the product three times and the same screens popped up -LRB- I even conducted multiple scans with other installed anti-virus software and spyware and had no problems , except with Norton , naturally -RRB- . The last straw was my foolish attempt to talk to a live human being at Symantec about this , which of course cost me as much as the product itself , and further exacerbated by the inability of the operator to speak decipherable English -LRB- never mind the fact they were clueless as to what was wrong , spent almost five minutes talking to an `` administrator , '' followed by reading my solution to me in broken English -LSB- which summated to telling me to re-install the program -RSB- -RRB- . After all of this , I finally uninstalled the program -LRB- which you have to use an uninstaller from the Symantec web page , to guarantee that you remove its hidden installations that the uninstaller from the Add/Remove programs from the control panel will miss -RRB- . I now use Avast ! freeware and have yet to encounter any problems . Better yet , it does not slow my computer to the point that I need an hour glass to measure my every upload of a page . Lesson learned . Symantec , I will never purchase or use another one of your programs at home or work . And to the people surfing and searching for a product to buy , take to heart not only this review , but all the others warning you , as the ratings of this product , as well as other Norton programs , are indicative of the inferior product you will be wasting your money on .
 Do not buy this software . Do not install this software . It is plain awful . I have yet to successfully complete a full scan . My PC locks up and I must perform a hard reboot . I have attempted to contact support -LRB- ha ! -RRB- and after 30 minutes waiting for a chat , and 15 minutes answering ridiculous questions I was told I had to ask someone else.Instead of buying this software , just send me $ 60 and I 'll promise not to send you any viruses or spam . That would be more protection than you would receive from Norton .
 After hours upon hours of hair-tearing , teeth-gritting frustration with downloading and re-downloading , uninstalling and reinstalling , WORTHLESS online Norton-provided help tips , failed registrations and 30-minute customer service wait times , transfers and disconnects , only to speak with people who have thick , hard-to-understand accents , I 've finally installed and activated NORTON System Works Basic 2007 and Internet Security 2007 . Time will tell if these programs actually work and do n't end up screwing up all my other programs . I STILL need technical support help with installing Partition Magic - the stupid zip file that they give you to download contains a bunch of files , NONE of which will open for a reason I 'll have to wait through another hair-raising 30 minutes of canned music , `` thanks for your patience '' b.s. , transfers and disconnects to find out .
 I bought this product because I thought Norton was a quality product . Man did I make a mistake buying this product . I only had it on my computer for 1 month and it made my computer crawl , almost to where it would not hardly work . I deleted it . Then my computer starting working just fine . This happened to me 2 times before I got tired of it and trashed it .
 Several messages reflect my unhappy experience trying to install NIS 2007 . By all means -- BEWARE and have an image backup ! I was a loyal Norton Customer for over 15 years until I decided to try a bunch of the different products on our various home machines . I came back to Norton 2006 because it was on a new HP I bought . I started having firewall problems -LRB- annoying not security -RRB- so thought I 'd try the `` Try before buy '' NIS 2007 . Totally dismayed when I was told I had to uninstall Spyware Doctor but thought the try-it was about giving it a try . After 3 days of install , uninstall , using the windows uninstaller , and searching my registry , I 'm now looking at doing a restore or worse , a Windows reload . The new interface and the brief functionality I got with 2007 made me quite happy . I bought the retail version figuring it would solve the small glitches and their 60 day guarantee would cover me , right ? The ensuing trashing of my system , no uninstaller for either 2006 or 2007 and a heap of trash in the registry has made me pretty darn unhappy . Worse yet , the trashing is preventing me from reloading NIS 2006 and System Works . How 's that for an `` upgrade '' . No response yet from Symantec . Their Marketing got it right with price -LRB- $ 9.99 with various rebates -RRB- , the designers got it right with the interface , the programmers really did improve resource usage , and speed but how much are you willing to gamble with YOUR system ?? I gambled too much . Not ready for prime time on some machines is all I can say .
 I had a lot of trouble getting this going and Symantec 's free chat kept getting disconnected . Their $ 29.95 help is pretty much unintelligible -LRB- and not very knowledgeable -RRB- . Their $ 69.95 help -LRB- I was getting desparate -RRB- got me past my problem -LRB- connecting to remote networds -RRB- but told me that my firewall allow/disallow settings were not accessible to me!Now I find that Counterspy does n't work - it 's been working fine for a couple of years and I have n't installed anything else lately.I will never buy another Symantec security product again .
 I finally decided to upgrade to this product after running 2004 and paying for the subscriptions . I downloaded this from the Symantic site and it took over 3 hours to install , slowed the computer down so much that it took 10 minutes to just boot up ! I am running XP with 256 of RAM . It would take another 4-5 minutes to reach the internet and then continually asking if site after site should be allowed or blocked . THis would happen each time I booted up -LRB- I finally stopped turning the computer off -RRB- . I would creat a rule to `` always allow '' and it would continue to ask the same question regarding the same site I allowed ! Any time `` Picture It '' attempted to reach the internet I was asked 10 times!I did speak with tech support 4 times without being charged so that was a good point and the only one in this case . -LRB- I did n't even load the `` goback '' feature ! -RRB- Buying more memory for this puter is out of the question since it would cost me $ 600 . Yes this is an older puter but I could purchase a new one but that is a Dell issue.I now have the AVG free anti virus and the Free version of Zone Alarm and things are running great ! THe only other positive feature is the customer support when I called for a refund-no hassle at all ! If I could give this 0 stars I would !
 Just terrible software . Often does not work - if that would be the only thing it would be enough . But it is worse than that . Bogs down your computer big time . Makes it run super slow . Horrible . Whoever has written good reviews must be shills for Norton . Avoid . Repeat . Avoid .
 I bought this product on the strength of the Norton name , and a positive review in Business Week . I uninstalled ZoneLabs , Ad-Aware , and all Norton anti-virus . There were still NAV files after the uninstall . I had to download their Norton Software Removal tool , which also could not remove some NAV files . Everytime I re-boot , those problematic NAV files want to re-launch NAV.The NIS 2007 install was still difficult after all of that effort , and once installed NIS 2007 either freezes up my computer , or makes my internet connection so slow that it is un-usable . So , now I 've uninstalled NIS 2007 , still have issues with the corrupt NAV files , and will being go back to ZoneLabs and Ad-Aware .
 Been using Norton tools of one kind or another continuously since the days when they were actually written by Norton -LRB- early 1980s -RRB- . It 's hard to recognize any of the traditional Norton traits in NIS 2007 . It seems more like a MS/BigBrother product -- a huge package that wants to think for you from a company content to let purchasers finish the Beta testing . When it scans you can actually watch it miss worms and trojans on your PC . The only way to report such files to Norton is to pay them about half the cost of the product for their phone time . They offer no email addresses for reporting .
 I sometimes wonder , despite my advanced system . Occasionally , a problem will occur or something just wo n't work with the program . I 'd say that most of time it does it 's job . I question its effectiveness when it comes to identifying spyware -LRB- I have Spy Sweeper for that - but beware
 I have read the rather mixed reviews about Norton products in the past , but myself have had a good experience until this week when I installed Norton Internet Security 2007 . Everything appeared to have gone fine with the installation until I started to notice things that were not working correctly anymore . The installation had stopped my cron jobs from running , had messed up all audio devices and stopped my webcam from working . When I tried to reinstall the drivers for the audio , the system hung . When I tried to delete the drivers , it hung . When I tried to uninstall the product it hung . When I used the Norton removal tool it hung . At this point I do not know if I will be able to avoid doing a full system install just to get things working again.Please , please , please heed the warning from me and others and do not install Norton products . You may have been lucky so far , but sooner or later it will get you , just like it does everyone else.I basically bought this product for free -LRB- with rebates -RRB- . It was not worth it . It will cost me $ 100s in wasted time trying to fix the damage that it has done . STAY AWAY .
 Do not buy this software ! I am just waiting until PC-cillin for 2008 is released and then I 'll switch back . I ca n't believe how sloooooowwwwww this piece of s * $ @ makes everything ! I would not use this product again even if Norton was giving it away .
 Symantec 's Norton Internet Security 2007 has destroyed my laptop ! I ca n't even turn it on now ! I could n't register the software on the desktop computer , so it 's basically just wasting memory because I ca n't uninstall it either ! I spent the WHOLE DAY instant messaging their know-nothing technical support flunkies trying to resolve these issues , only tow be DISCONNECTED from 2 of them when the problems I was telling them about were n't on their two-page script . And they want to charge me $ 10 just to speak to some ignorant idiot who wo n't be able to help me ! Help me put the greedy corporate money-grubbers at Symantec out of business by NOT BUYING THEIR USELESS PRODUCTS !!!!!!
 Very intrusive.Instead of only alerting you when there are real viruses or spy wares it constantly interrupts you with non sense pop ups saying that everything is normal on your computer or your subscription would expire in 60 days , and I find this extremely annoying and intrusive and there is no way to turn the pop ups off .
 First of all , the product description for Norton Internet Security 2007 on this page is erroneous . The last line states
 I 've been an avid Norton Internet Security customer since 2001 . But this version is extremely disappointing to say the least . First of all , itnearly halves the performance of my computer . System startup is beyondpainful - XP boots just as quickly as ever , but then Norton gets controland I ca n't even get the mouse to respond for another two plus minutes.All system activities are slower - 20 percent or more . I contacted Norton but got the usual runaround - `` delete temporary files , defragment your disk '' . I deleted the software and my system was back to normal . Tried the ` turn off automatic update ' tip offered elsewhere in these reviews , but that did n't help at all in my case -LRB- although it may help in others ? -RRB- . I bought the 3 license pack , and the other two users encountered similarproblems . We have all since removed the software . As a 20 year veteranin the software industry , I can only say that this software was insufficiently tested before release and that you should look elsewhere -LRB- McAfee ? -RRB- for your internet security needs .
 I have used Norton products for many years and currently have NIS 2006 on three of my four computers . I decided to upgrade the fourth to NIS 2007 and am grateful that I did not try to do this on any other computers . I will give you the short version as the experience wasted two days of my life . First let me say that I am not a PC novice .1 . The wizard did not work .2 . After manually installing , the updates hung and locked up everything3 . `` Support '' -LRB- what a joke -RRB- told me to deinstall all Norton products -LRB- all 2006/current versions -RRB- including System Restore to do the installation . -LRB- I have never heard of a product that was not compatible with others from the same vendor -RRB- 4 . `` Support '' was impossible to reach , hard to understand and poorly trained . When they could/would not fix the problem they said they could send me to someone who could but that would cost extra.I would sue Norton if it would do any good . I will probably never buy another Norton product for the rest of my life.PS - Norton Customer Service has contacted me four times to check on the quality of service . No one has ever apologized , offered a refund or even a viable explanation so I suspect they just do n't care .
 I have used Norton products for 20 years and may never buy another . This is if possible a bigger piece of trash than Systemworks 2007 . It edges out Systemworks because after the install of Internet Security 2007 , Liveupdate is added to the list of features that no longer work , making it impossible to get future fixes to the bugs in both products !
 By way of review , here 's one previously satisfied Symantec customer 's experience with this product . Basically , if you get tempted into buying the proferred online bundle that includes Norton Internet Security 2007 and Norton Systemworks 2006 , then for the love of God do not install the latter ! Furthermore , do some research online about buying another company 's AV products!Here 's why
 I attempted to upgrade to NIS 2007 after using NIS 2005 for quite some time . First of all , it tells you to remove Windows Defender and Spybot . Once the program was installed , it hung while trying to run liveupdate . Then after rebooting , which was almost impossible , it said liveupdate was STILL running . And CTRL-ALT-DELETE would n't work to see if the process was indeed running . Then , to top it off , Symantec charges $ 30 to talk to tech support . So I uninstalled the program and then my computer still would n't reboot . I will never buy another Symantec product .
 I purchased Norton 's Internet Security 20007 about 3 weeks ago . In that time , I had to reinstall it four times for various hardware issues -LRB- faulty harddrive and bad O/S installs -RRB- . On the fourth try , the program indicated that the product could n't be activated and to call Symantec . After waiting 40 minutes to talk to a call centre in India , the told me that they could n't renew the activiation , and to send the disk back to Symantec for a refund.So as of now , I need to fork out more $ $ for a new security product , while I awiat a refund that will arrive in God knows how many weeks . Please , learn from my experience , if decide to buy this product . After 3 activiations , your Norton 's 2007 Internet Security is useless!After 10 years using Symantec products , it 's time for me to look elsewhere . Thanks for reading .
 After years of using Symantec Norton Antivirus and related internet security products , the upgrade to 2007 seemed like a no brainier . That was until the install started . If you run into error 9999,171 you may as well give up , it is over.Following the Symantec directions for resolution of the dreaded 9999,171 error caused the entire windows XP install to be corrupt and necessitated reinstallation . Believing that a reinstall was not all bad as it would clean up several old and no longer used software pieces and provide a clean base for installing Symantec I marched forward . Once XP was installed and current with the patches it was time to install Symantec again . No luck , I was still receiving the 9999,171 error.Now it was time to get someone on the phone for support . This is a good trick since Symantec does not readily publish a phone number for support . The number by the way is 877-832-2810 . Be prepared for a long wait on hold . During four support calls I experienced no less that 40 minutes on hold and the longest was over one hour . Support is provided by offshore resources in India so not only are you fighting a technical problem you must also overcome the language barrier.The four separate calls to support resulted in multiple steps to clean up old installs , prep for install , reboot , reinstall , hack through the registry , and oh yah corrupt windows XP again needing a second reinstall . During the final call , the support rep finally gave up and indicated the Symantec could not be installed on this Windows XP machine.I have since moved on to McAfee Internet Security Suite 2007 . The install took about ten minutes and I am now up and running again .
 BIG DISAPPOINTMENT - DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY !! This fiasco of a program took 3 days of my time to get fixed and cost me more to pay a technician than it cost.I too , have successfully and faithfully used Norton products in the past . This NIS 2007 is awful . The installation and uninstallation was atrocious , it corrupted many files on my computer to the point that the computer would not even bootup correctly , required a service technician to fix it -LRB- which cost more than the product did -RRB- and I have since changed to another Antivirus program . In the meanwhile I am searching for another internet security-type program to handle everything -LRB- parental control , spyware , adware , phishing , etc. -RRB- I am disappointed with the product , disappointed with the email support service , and disgusted with the amount of time and money I had to spend on fixing my computer because I installed it in the first place.Symantec has lost my business .
 This program destroyed my computer . After downloading Norton Internet Security 2007 , my P4 , 3.4 Ghz computer is usless . Norton 's non english speaking help line , somewhere in god knows where was no help . After using Norton 's online removal tools , the computer is still unusable . Norton is not responding to refund requests after over 7 hours on the phone with them . This program is a virus and Norton 's sales team should be fined or Jailed for knowingly selling such a destructive product.Do not buy this product unless you are ready to reformat your hard drive and reinstall all of your programs.Shame on you Symantec . After 20 years of using Norton Products , I will never again trust them .
 I started with Norton Internet Security 2006 . I had 23 days left on my subscription . I spent megabucks to buy a 2-year update subscription download . After a ridiculously complex installation process , I ended up with `` You have 23 days left on your subscription . '' I tried Live Update and everything else I could think of , several times , on two different computers . No luck . I could find no place on the Symantec website to get a refund , or even to complain . A total waste of money and a lot of time . At least , thank goodness for the Norton Removal tool , which cleared everything associated with Symantec off my computer . McAfee AntiVirus installed quickly , cleanly , and simply . It even has a cleanup tool and a defragmenter . Adios , Symantec !
 I `` upgraded '' from 2006 only to be massively disappointed . Many of the features of 2006 disappeared -LRB- like AntiSpam -RRB- . After talking struggling a lot to find out what I had done to disable AntiSpam -LRB- I falsely assumed it was MY fault -RRB- , I finally contacted tech support who was able to send me a link to download AntiSpam . After installing AntiSpam , I discovered that it had lost all of the settings that I had carefully established with 2006 . Finally , I got it to work . Several months later , it suddenly stopped working ! I spent 16 hours talking to four technitions at tech support , all of whom were completely clueless , and finally have given up on this product . The tech people did n't even understand what AntiSpam was.DO NOT BUY THIS !!!
 I have always used Norton products , and upgraded to IS 2007 when mysubscription came up for renewal . WHAT A MISTAKE . My computerfreezes up all the time , and the software is difficult to use - it isnot at all straightforward like previous versions of Internet Security.Do not buy this product .
 It trashed my desktop machine and still would not install . I 'll be reloading windows and all my software this weekend.It ran on my tablet pc , but slowed it down to the point where the tablet was barely usable.Do not buy this product !! . Get an older version or go with another software suite .
 This product is horrifying . It worked for three months , at which point it experienced a complete meltdown . Started getting Auto-Protect errors , and suddenly could access the internet with Explorer , but not Firefox . It kept trying to send me to Live Update , which would n't work , so I uninstalled and reinstalled Norton . Now the error happened again , and I could access the internet with Firefox , but not Explorer . An error message referred me to an online `` fix , '' but -- guess what ! -- you ca n't access any of their fixes with Firefox . You MUST be using Explorer . -LRB- Which is , in and of itself , offensive and obnoxious . -RRB- Explorer , of course , was n't working . -LRB- Incidentally , with Norton uninstalled , all worked fine , so that was indeed the source of the problem . -RRB- Uninstalled and reinstalled Norton again , hoping to get on Explorer and get the fix before the error recurred , but now I could n't get on the internet AT ALL . At that point , I uninstalled Norton for good . Ditto on the fact that they do n't support the product , apparently do n't stand behind the product , and apparently are n't very concerned about their reputation . Very disappointing . Previous versions were just fine ; this is a complete mess .
 I 'm a long-time Norton user -LRB- maybe 10 years -RRB- and it was time to either re-up 2006 for $ 50 or go for a copy of '07 I could get for $ 15 . Hmmmmmm . Even after reading all the disasters here , I still went for 2007 . I lucked out , sort of , but it 's been an unpleasant bungathon.There is no question that if you get this buggy program , YOU HAVE TO DO A BACKUP !! Not just set a restore point , but a full mirror backup . Also , get the Norton Uninstall Utility ahead of time . I think it can go really badly . I installed it on a Dell Dimension 2.8 Ghz and a Dell Inspiron 800 , both running XP Pro . I do n't run any other spyware , adware or etc. . I was just replacing NIS 2006 on both machines . On the Dimension , I installed OK and rebooted . The desktop froze when it came on ; I rebooted again ; the desktop froze again ; once more ; same . Booted into Safe Mode and uninstalled . Reinstalled ; booted ; froze . Back to Safe Mode . Just did a normal reboot from safe mode and , for totally unknown reasons , it decided to work . Been doing fine since . In its favor , it gets to the xp desktop as quickly as '06 does and Eudora starts and begins downloading mail only a couple of seconds slower than with ' 06 . Once it 's working , it seems fine and a good program.I just had to tweak the firewall to allow XDrive . Not as easy as with earlier versions , but not too bad -LRB- following the XDrive instructions and interpolating for a different menu -RRB- . So I next did the laptop . More glitches . I tried a System Restore -- twice from different set points . It would n't allow it . When I went to uninstall -LRB- Norton had just disappeared -- would n't even start -RRB- , I could n't uninstall from XP . Had to download the Symantic utility from the website . Installed and reinstalled twice . Again , for no known reason , it worked on the third try . Again , once it 's working , it seems fine.This program is not for the faint of heart . What are the Symantec folks thinking ? There seem to be too many experienced people having serious problems just installing it . That should be a clue . Still , once I got it working , I 'm happy with it but if you know or trust another program to work better , get that instead.George
 I remember the days when Norton Utilities and Norton Antivirus were THE tools to have . Now ? Forget it , unless you want your computer to slow to a crawl , your Internet experience slower than molasses in January , and constant reminders that `` your subscription has expired '' even though it 's new and is most definitely not expired . Add to that the problems downloading upgrades , where NAV was blocking itself!No more.I 'm done with Norton . Thanks , Symantec . You used to have decent products too . What happened ?
 I bought and installed this software several months ago . As I typed or dictated , the window would suddenly lose focus every 5 to 10 minutes and my typing or dictation would be lost until I noticed . It was frustrating . But then , when I used my computer to give a presentation to a client in PowerPoint , it lost focus and just hung . Every 5 minutes !! Using msconfig , I finally traced it to this # $ * & -LRB- # $ software . I looked on their website and sure enough , they acknowledge the bug but have never fixed it . There is no solution and no work around . It appears they are focused on porting to the Mac to get more suckers . I uninstalled their software and will never buy anything from them again . I suggest you save yourself the pain I suffered through and find a different backup program .
 Although the software was included at no charge to me because it came with a portable hard drive purchase , I still can not recommend it as a good choice for a backup program.The highlights of this program are that it simplifies the task of backups to a very easy level . Choose the type of backup ... full or custom , click the button , and you are done . However , the program seems to work at a snail 's pace when when compared to other programs . It also somehow crashed my system the first time I used it . And no , I was not using Vista , I was using XP.The program is easy to use , but for what it does , it is awfully expensive . There are much better programs for backup purposes and they do n't crash your system.For the computer user who is wary about doing anything with their computer except common tasks , Reflection Express will look attractive . However , for average to seasoned computer users , it will be a waste of money.I had to do a system restore to get it off my computer . Total time on my computer ? One hour and 10 minutes .
 Unlike a lot of reviewers I have had absolutely no issue with either installing or backing up my data - but then again I always log in as the ADMINSTRATOR on Windoze XP - I have used version 1.1 on XP PRO for nearly 3 years and upgraded to this version as a cheap solution - particularly if you do n't buy from Amazon , for use on a new Vista machine.To be fair this software works great under XP - it saved my bacon countless times over the last three years BUT it is next to useless with Windoze Vista ... sure the backup is efficient , incremental and scheduled backups work a treat BUT do n't think for one moment it will restore Vista to a working state ... . I got nothing but errors after restoring a Vista PC . Fortunately I had a disc image created with Acer eRecovery management which I used to restore the OS plus applications and then restored my data from the Retrospect Express HD backup.Consequently I have donated this software to my son for use on his XP Home machine , meanwhile I am in search of a better solution , i.e. Acronis or Norton ... . there must be something better out there ????
 As a backup product for a PC , this product is overpriced compared to the competition and can not be relied on to completely recover a lost system.My experience with it is that it does incremental backups well , and kept good track of my documents , music , photographs , and other data , but was unable to restore my system when called on to do so . One key drawback during recovery -LRB- which is not particularly clearly pointed out when they 're trying to sell it to you -RRB- is that it requires that your Windows OS be reinstalled and fully patched up to the level at which the backup took place , before it will recover . If you can not , for any reason , reinstall your OS and bring it up to fully current , Retrospect Express HD is not useful for recovering applications -LRB- though it will still preserve your docs/photos/music and you can recover them `` off to the side '' if you have a large enough free space -RRB- . If you are only interested in backing up your data , and not your software , it is an acceptable product which keeps track of objects incrementally -LRB- though it does not appear to eliminate duplication within groups of similar files very well , if the size of the backup file I wound up with is any guide -RRB- . However , for backing up your docs/music/videos / pics only , there are a number of inexpensive alternatives available , particularly with Windows 7 . Conclusion
 Reviewing EMC Retrospect HD Express for Windows , fresh latest version downloaded from Iomega 's site and activate using the key code that came with my Iomega external hard drive.I received this for free with an Iomega external hard drive as a gift after setting up my parents ' computer with one they had purchased.It installed easily enough but it also installs Mozy backup and pushes you pretty hard to backup to the internet . It 's quite difficult to get Mozy to fully uninstall.Soon after installing the software , random system crashes began occuring . Especially related to the Mozy task manager -LRB- after opting not to participate in Mozy backups at all -RRB- . Instability continued even after uninstalling Mozy.I thought this was a fluke on my parents computer but then I installed mine on my own home computer which has a very clean Windows XP install , and started having the same instability with crashes that did not follow a pattern . Uninstalled all Iomega Retrospect software completely and the crashes stopped.Meanwhile my parents have had to reinstall the software 4 times . Just now I got off the phone with my Mom and she could not run setup without it crashing , even after a fresh reboot.Basically this software sucks . It disturbs the rest of the computer and it ca n't even stay running to operate its own setup .
 It came with the new iomega USB drive I recently bought . Installs fine , will backup selected files or the whole drive ... WO N'T restore my Windows Vista laptop to bootable condition ... Just to test after it screwed up , did system restore disks , made a backup , tried to restore . Rendered the system unbootable missing partition table entry and many files ... tried to `` repair '' with restore disks ... ended up having to do full restore again to get the laptop back to usable condition .
 Was a great selling point but this software should not have even be released . It 's full of bugs . I loaded it and computer immediately started hanging up and acting goofy . Tried to do a backup and let it run all day long . At the end , after seeming to copy all of files , it gave an error message . When I looked at it , it copied program files , the drive it was copying to , and the software files -- none of the data . I tried it again overnight and same thing.It 's trash and there should be someone to hold Iomega and Roxio accountable for even packaging this crap . What a total outrage . I thought I might try contacting their customer support but after reading these reviews , why waste my time .
 I would recommend not purchasing any of the backup software products from Roxio or EMC Retrospect . You can not get hold of EMC Retrospect by telephone as you leave at message . Retrospect does not return calls . If you use online support and submit your question you receive an automated reply that they will answer your question in 1-3 business days . When you do receive the support reply it will be identical information that is on their web site . So , you can not obtain situation specific help from Retrospect . Retrospect 7.7 Professional is the version needed for Windows 7 -LRB- 32 & 63-bit -RRB- , but you can not purchase a CD version , only a download version at $ 119.00 for a Home user on a single -LRB- up to 2 -RRB- computer under one license . As for the Roxio backup products you will be disappointed in them . You can purchase a CD version . However , the Backup is only a compressed coded backup , which you can not see the actual files on you backup media . You will be disappointed . However , Roxio will give you a refund less the shipping cost that you paid . Roxio did not issue a RMA to me ; just had to agree that I would remove the software from my PC and not use the software , etc. . I destroyed it - not worth anything . You can get hold of live person in Roxio Sales but the Sales individuals do not know what the specific products will do or not do . I have been trying since Nov 2010 to talk to someone at EMC Retrospect -LRB- owned by Roxio -RRB- . Extremely poor service from what use to be a very good company . If you do have Retrospect Express or Retrospect Express HD , you will pay $ 69.95 USD per incident for support , 9 am to 4 pm EST , if they answer the phone at 866-434-1654 . General Sales for Retrospect is 877-793-7482 . Retrospect multi license and for servers can cost over $ 1.000 . Best of Luck !
 I got the Retrospect Express HD ver 2.5 with an Iomega network drive . I installed it easily enough on my main computer . It took a while to back up my drive using ethernet but it worked . It has some nice features to selectively backup folders and to search for specific files to restore . BUT I have had two major problems
 I installed the software intending to use it with an Intel SS4200-E . The application had no trouble providing me with a means to indicate what drives and folders I want to back up . But when it comes time to give it a destination , nothing is presented to me in the GUI . No drive letters , no explorer-like filesystem tree , nothing.Guess it 's time to break out rsync ...
 I give it a minus 10 ! Same problem as others -- `` not enough disk space available '' when I 'm trying to back up 1 GB of data to my External Maxtor HD that says `` 63.3 GB Free . '' AND IMPOSSIBLE TO GET TECHNICAL SUPPORT - BOOO !
 This product will not install when following the directions . EMC claims it is the fault of their distributor . EMC Support instructions do not work . Still trying to install after trying everything 4 days . Recommend do n't buy .
 This is just awful -- I purchased Retrospect HD 2.0.144 several months ago for use with a Western Digital 200GB external disk drive . I was first surprised that there is * no * configurability -- you have to back up the entire disk and can not exclude any files . I 'm a developer and need to back up my work-in-progress every night between version control check-ins , and there are lots of huge intermediate files that could be excluded , but there is no such option.Yesterday , I accidentally deleted four source files and figured , hey , I can just restore them since they have n't changed since last week . But nooooo -- I launched Restrospect , selected `` restore '' and picked the last restore point for that drive . 12 hours later , it was still `` scanning drive d : '' , but finally gave me a list of directories in the root of the drive . I tried to expand the tree for the files I need and it went away for another hour . Finally , I selected the whole tree -LRB- ca n't afford an hour each time I need to move down one level -RRB- and it 's been `` preparing for restore ... '' and `` calculating time for restore ... '' for a while now.So this software is basically a toy . There are maybe 50,000 files in this tree , but you 'd be surprised how quickly files accumulate . Also , EMC 's support is a * joke * -- they want $ 70 just to talk to me on the phone . And I have no expectation that they will be able to solve this problem.This software apparently backs up fine , but do n't expect to ever actually restore a file in a finite amount of time . And after all , is n't that the point .
 Pass over this product if you are looking for a working backup program . Product will not install after entering the super secret pass code that came with the software .
 I did n't have any troubles getting the license code entered . . but my disappointment with this product comes when trying to actually use it.I tried backing up 90 GB to an external WD 500GB drive with 360GB free . . `` Not enough space on backup drive '' ... . really informative . So I reduce the amount of data I 'm backing up to see at what point it will work . It never does . I continually get `` Not enough space on backup drive '' . So , the software obviously does n't work the way it was advertised.On top of that , it 's practically impossible to get technical support from this company . Emails to any support addresses I could fine went unanswered . Since I bought this software from Amazon , I 'm not even sure I can return it.Find something else to spend your money on .
 When it works , it works great , but ... I 've been successfully performing nightly automated backups of my C
 Having read 2 negative reviews about this product I decided to contact tech support to ask a couple pre-sales questions . Three EMC related phone numbers off the web got me three different companies . One did give me a support number but not one that supports this product . A call to a forth number made me realize that this is a product to stay away from . If the distributor you buy from ca n't provide support , you have to pay for support.joef
 This is without doubt the worst experience I have ever had with software . I had been using Retrospect -LRB- older version -RRB- to back up , had a crash and attempted to recover files . First , the software will not install on the new laptop . Second , product support from manufacturer and distributor are a joke . There is more but why bother?STAY AWAY !
 This program came with a hard drive I purchased , and I thought , WOW , backup software . That is , until I tried to make it function . I never saw anything so user un-friendly . I spent probably 12 hours , and still ca n't get it to save a system restore and the documentation stinks.Why ca n't somebody come up with a reliable , easy to use back up program that works ??????
 I have been using EMC Retrospect HD for over 2 years . It installs easily and runs reliably until ... Something unforeseen happens ... such as the network temporarily going dead , or a Windows crash . In my case , all the files backed backed up on the external hard drive became INACCESSIBLE and EMC Tech Support was unable to find a solution . The files are there . It 's just that EMC Retrospect is unable to access them and retrieve my files ! This has happened twice . Either the product or Tech Support or both are at fault . I am giving up on Retrospect and looking for a replacement
 Although it has many features useful for a small business , it is very difficult to work with . There is better accounting software , so please look around .
 I found that the CDDB function of my Adaptec Easy CD Creator 4 no longer worked , so I searched for new stuff . This is not it ! It scrambles the song order from the orginal music cd to the cd that you are copying to ! Tech support said that was problem that they were aware of , but would fix in the future . I have yet to figure out how to make a Jewel case label that is advertised as a possibility . The radio buttons are `` cute '' but not functional . I had a difficult time even l ; earning how to copy data to a CD . I wasted my money . I am searching for new software now .
 I bought 15 tracks 6 days ago and was only successful downloading 7 of them . My MusicMatch program thinks it was successful but there are cryptic file fragments in My Music Folder under the Artist 's album for the remaining 8 tracks . I 've been going back and forth with Tech Support via email -LRB- the only way -RRB- which takes 1-2 days for them to respond and they keep telling me how the tracks have been successfully downloaded but in essense their not . You can rest assure though that I will find the charges on my credit card . I would find another service .
 I bought jukebox looking for a program that was simple to use and would let me burn and run ... this is NOT that program . It has these music libraries that it relies on for organization , does n't let you import other music playlists ... it lacks features too . Hardly worth the money . My recommedation
 I downloaded the freeware version and used it for several months . I primarily used the software to rip music from CDs to MP3s and it worked just fine . The only bad thing was the numerous pop-up windows and scrolling messages asking me if I wanted to purchase the full version -- assuring me that the ripping of CDs to MP3 files would be much faster and that the full version would have many additional features . When I found the full version for -LSB- price -RSB- -LRB- with rebates -RRB- , I decided to buy it for no other reason than to get rid of all those annoying pop-up windows and messages . Well ... they are gone now and the ripping seems to be about 25 % faster -LRB- I had hoped for more -RRB- . One new feature is the ability to create CD labels/inserts which I find to be pretty much useless for MP3 CDs . Another feature is the ability to get internet radio channels . This is fine , but you can get this from other free software . The user manual gives you instructions on how to install DFX from the included software CD -- a sound enhancement add-on for playing MP3 files . The manual did n't say anything about this being a temporary install . The first time I start Musicmatch with this feature , guess what ? A new pop-up window telling me I had ten days to purchase the full version . I uninstalled DFX and sent the manufacturer an e-mail expressing my displeasure . I give the product two stars because it does rip MP3 files at an adequate speed and even catalogs music files pretty well -LRB- a feature that I do n't use -RRB- , but does not offer much over the freeware version .
 I purchased the Music Match Jukebox 6.1 . I wanted to burn a CD but the software would only let me burn a CD at 2x300 KB/s ... if I wanted to use CD speeds of 4x600 KB/s , 8X1200 KB/s , and 12 x 1800 KB/s I had to download and pay $ 19.99 for the Music Match Jukebox PLUS ... I did not think that was fair.I do like the music library and the ease of listening to and burning CD 's but I do not like having all the KB/s listed but not available to use them unless I paid more money for the software . Just is not fair .
 MUSIC MATCH BOX HAS A NICE INTERFACE , AND IS EASY TO USE -LRB- TO PLAY CDS AND MP3 'S -RRB- , HOWEVER IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH BURNING MUSCIC CDS THERE IS NO SUPPORT NUMBER , NO FORUM TO DISCUSS PROBLEMS . YOU EMAIL THEM AND YOU HAVE TO WAIT 48 HOURS OR MORE FOR A RESPONDS OR NO RESPONDS AT ALL .
 I purchased it to record the old cassettes to CDs , but it did not work . And technical support was not very helpful . Ultimately I had to fall back on Windows Sound recorder , making me wonder why I purchased it.For ripping music from CDs to MP3s , it works just fine , though user interface is complicated unlike other software where you can just copy and paste the files.The retail version is costlier than the one available on MusicMatch site . I paid more for version 6 , while version 7 was being sold on the site for less . Also there is no Software Update option available from the menu , though you can go to the site and down load and install new version.My suggestion is - try the free-download version and compare with trial version of other products , before purchasing it . Overall , I will rate it as average performing product with average price . Nothing to rave about !
 I think that it is only fair that I send you this email . In the past I have used many different CD burning ROM software 's including , Nero , easy CD creator etc. . Unfortunately I would have to say that the music match jukebox CD burner is by far the most difficult and the most complicated I 've ever used . One reason why I say this is because on all other softwares they have icons to guide you through just about everything . The music match jukebox is very poorly laid out . No icons , no guidance what so ever . There are several things I do n't like including , sometimes my recordings come out slightly distorted and for some reason when I 'm recording from a music folder the software constantly wants to go on line . I 'm sad to say that I am very disappointed and dissatisfied with your product !
 I have a Dell xps with 1024 ram , windows XP pro and 120 GB . I installed musicmatch and it immediately disable my Nec 1100a DVD/CD read and write drive . I tried to enable the driver through my `` Device Manager '' -LRB- which showed the drive disable -RRB- , and when I tried to I got error message that there was a program conflict and windows could not enable the drive . I sent a e-mail to tech support SIX days ago and still have not heard back.The only other product I have that uses the drive is Roxio 7 . I have uninstalled musicmatch and used the windows `` restore '' to get my computer back to where it should be with my NEC 1100a DvD/CD -- R/RW drive working just fine.My advice is to stay away from this product because of conflicts that may arise with other programs and the piss-poor tech support !!!!!!
 It constantly crashes on me -LRB- and I tried it on two computers -RRB- . Sometimes it will open , but other times it will not . I found it impossible to rip DVD 's of television shows with multiple episodes . Besides the fact that it is not intuitive , it kept saving the newly ripped episodes over previously ripped episodes . I was , however , able to rip one movie before it crashed the last time I used it . I would recommend downloading the freeware instead .
 I am a computer programmer by trade and I can tell you that this product should have never made it to market . It constantly throws `` ActiveX object errors '' , which from a programmers view are sure sign of poor programming . I have tried the music management portion and the DVD ripping portion of the software & neither one works . Save your money on this one ; you will be glad you did . Too bad it is not possible to give negative stars , because giving it one star does n't begin to describe how bad this product is .
 Limited to burning movies . Unstable at times . Not user friendly .
 I bought Poxmaxx thinking that I would be able to control my music better . I loaded the software and it locked up my computer . I unloaded it and reloaded it and it did the same thing again . I then went on line to see if I could contact anyone at the company and there is no phone . I then sent an email and it has been a number of days with no response . I do n't even know if this stupid company is still in business.Don ' t buy this under any circumstances.Horrible product
 So far I have purchased 2 of these poor excuses for finished software . Neither ever installed properly on my PC running XP home edition . The error I kept receiving was '' computer not modified '' . On my first copy , despite entering the proper license ID and Password , it would always give me an error code that said that I had not entered the correct license ID.Save yourself the trouble and frustration . This company should send all of its customers who purchased the previous terrible versions either full rebates or the latest version , assuming that PoddMax 09 actually works which I doubt . I really wanted all the features to work but alas , none ever did on my desktop or laptop . Support for any of these problems was totally non existent . It is as close to a sham as I have ever seen . Amazon should be ashamed of itself for carrying this piece of trash.Podmaxx 09
 The box says Podmaxx 09 , and compatible with IPhone . Well , the software is apparently the same as 08 . The program will not recognize my IPhone even though it shows up on my computer as a portable storage device.The worst part though ... ZERO support . The only option is filling out a form on their website which is another waste of time because they wo n't respond . I have requested assistance twice and not as much as an email in return.I ca n't say if this would work on iPod , and I wo n't try it on mine because I need it for my iPhone.Don ' t waste your money if you are buying it for an iPhone . Try the evaluation copy and you can see it does not work , and they should n't be advertising that it does .
 Ive tried Podmaxx on a XP Pro desktop and a Visa Laptop . Does not work on either.Customer services asks the usual questions about operating system etc. but then disappears.Dont waste your money on this program .
 In this case , the `` trailer is better than the movie . '' I tried Podmaxx ' 08 , the next release , on two machines . It would not install on a Vista machine , but did install on the XP machines . This software is not ready for prime time , as few features worked as claimed . I really wanted this to work and fulfill some of the claims .
 If I could give this product NO stars I WOULD ! HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE ! They do not offer a phone number for Tech Support and when you email them , they NEVER reply ! I used there product for a few months and even gave them a positive review on it , but then it STOPPED WORKING !!!!!!!!! I had the 2007 Podmaxx BUT WARNING ... . The 2008 Podmaxx IS WORSE !!!! It will NOT record ANY DVDS in your Collection EXCEPT for home DVDs !!!! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS !
 This program should be shareware at best . Program is poorly written and designed and if you need to reinstall you have to contact the company and fax them a copy of the original cd . A lot of work for a product that was not ready to be released in the first place ! Do n't waste your money !
 does n't play on newer computer . Made the changes to the compability as instructed by others . have many of the older Living Books CD games and after making the changes they are fine . NOT the GT Interactive CDs `` Just Me & My Dad '' and `` Just Me & My Grandpa '' . they just wo n't play . bummer . They played on the old computer ... Looking for an old computer so they can be played .
 i tried to load this on both my xp cprs -LRB- one with xp home , sp 3 ; one with xp prof , sp 2 -RRB- . a cryptic graphics error came back on both computers when the game was loaded . email support from the company suggested that i updated all my graphics drivers , and indeed , everything i could update.did so , and the xp home cpr still showed the same error , while the one with xp prof worked ! do n't know why , but my daughter -LRB- age 10 -RRB- played the game and really enjoyed it.however , she only got to play for a few hours , and then -LRB- silly me -RRB- i updated that computer again due to * microsoft * requirements that the xp license be ok , blah blah , in order to download their new free anti-virus software . then all that had to be updated so that i could scan my computer to be free from viruses , blah blah.guess what ? now * that * computer shows the same graphics error and i can no longer run this game ! so i 'm thinking this software works with a limited window of xp computers and graphics boards -- ones that have drivers updated , but not too updated?no help from the company aside from the previous suggestion of updates . we are very disappointed !
 I am sure the game is great , but I was told I would have no problem playing it on my windows vista computer -- HOWEVER -- After several emails with the support website for this product , I come to find out that this game is NOT COMPATIBLE with WINDOWS VISTA 64BIT OPERATING SYSTEM ... It might work if you have windows vista 32bit system ???? Good luck ! ... Just be aware of what operating system you have !
 Wish they would make a NEW verison of this that would be compatible with something other than Windows XP and 98 . We have Windows 7 and it does n't run on it . Made my son really sad to not be able to play this game when he got it . The seller was awesome though and allowed me to return it . When my son HAD this game 3 years ago on his old computer he LOOOOOVED it and that is why we bought it again ... then we realized its still the old version . So I WOULD give it a high rating -LRB- at least a 4 star -RRB- for playability and fun but because you can no longer play it on any current machine - it gets a 1 star rating from us .
 Look at the picture , on the bottom right it says 3 cd set , but in the description it says dvd
 This software does not run on any current operating system . Not Mac OSX -LRB- Leopard -RRB- , not on Microsoft Windows Vista . The Macintosh version is for Mac OS 9 , or the classic mode in Mac OS X -LRB- which does not exist any longer -RRB- . It also will not install on Vista either . Do n't buy it , a waste of your hard earned money !
 This game is an absolute rip off . First
 I 've used MYOB AccountEdge -LRB- version 4 , release 7.50 , for Macintosh -RRB- for nearly 18 months . Buying this software was one of my worst mistakes.Unlike Quicken , you ca n't connect to your bank and download credit card purchases , statements , etc. . Everything has to be entered by hand.Finding mistakes is difficult . If my employee enters the date as 1/23/05 instead of 11/23/05 , MYOB changes the records for January . I see that November 's accounts do n't reconcile . But there 's no mistake in November ... or October , September , etc. . I have to look back thru the year 's records to find the mistake . With my old accounting system I could close the books each month . That way all mistakes made in the next month would be somewhere in the current month 's records.The bank accounts do n't list a running balance . You get today 's ending balance but you ca n't see the balance after each transaction -LRB- e.g. , whether last month 's balance is the same as it was a month ago ! -RRB- . There 's no way to reconcile paper receipts against accounted purchases . Sometimes I pay by credit card , then the supplier sends a paper invoice saying `` Balance Due '' and I send a check . Most suppliers call me and tear up the check , but with my old accounting system I caught one supplier that double-billed me over $ 3000 . The first keystroke is lost on some fields . E.g. , when you type in an address or telephone number , the first number is n't recorded . If you 're not paying attention the address or phone number is wrong.MYOB will search for invoices by date , invoice number , customer name , and amount . Not by location , item purchased , etc. . Same for the customer and supplier databases , some fields can be searched but not all.When you enter a new customer , the customer ID number field does n't auto-increment . I have to use Filemaker Pro to generate the customer ID numbers.The documentation is minimal . I had to write a manual for my employee to use , taking up too much of my time.There 's no way to create a pro forma invoice -LRB- an invoice that does n't appear in the accounts receivable list -RRB- . MYOB 's templates do n't include a chart of accounts based on Schedule C.There 's no Preferences for setting that payments usually go into a primary bank account , that your billing is usually Net 30 , your usual shipping method is UPS Ground , etc. . Your employee has to click all this for every invoice and payment , and I assure you they will make mistakes.MYOB ca n't check the Postal Service website to see if an address is correct , integrate with the UPS website to create a shipping label , connect to my bank to process a credit card , etc. . When a customer calls to buy something I have to open four applications and go to three websites.MYOB opens a little window for every new thing -LRB- sales register , customer address , invoice , payment , etc. -RRB- . The little windows always open in the middle of the screen , on top of each other . This would be ideal for users with 640x480 13 '' monitors . But I have a 23 '' monitor . My screen will fit six of the little windows , if I move them around . But then the next little window opens right in the middle , then I have to move it out of the way , etc.MYOB just looks ugly , like it was designed for Windows then ported to the Mac .
 MYOB has a great product here that has the opportunity to rule the SOHO Macintosh space . Unfortunately , their inability to provide customer support limits their growth potential .
 Almost a good program but its shorfallings make it very frustrating to use . It 's like a pickey women -LRB- or man -RRB- and you are going to spend more time trying to keep it happy than you will doing books . ie . Write a purchase order and then find out you were off by a penny . Sure , you can fix it . But only after a long and complicated task . It 's hard to believe these people are n't scarecrows in Kansas . Also the invoice price area is too small . I ca n't see the entire price on big orders and there is no way to adjust it . There are little quirks like these all over the program . I highly recommend finding another program . But for Mac OS , good luck !
 After 20 years of good experience with Peachtree accounting software , I had to change because Peachtree stopped supporting Macs.Switching to MYOB was a mistake . This company is ONLY concerned with getting more money out of you . Their free tech support only answers 1 question , then nothing . They charge a fortune for tax tables . They are so concerned about software theft that they make their product difficult for registered users to use.I 'm changing software after only 2 years on MYOB . It will take a lot of time to move my information over , but it 's worth it just to get away from these problems .
 I bought this version on the promise that my data from Quickbooks Pro for Mac could be translated over to MYOB . This just is n't true . What you get when you transfer is your contacts and your account list with a balance in each account . You lose all of your transaction history . This is not a data transfer , just creation of accounts with an opening balances . Comments in the past had glowed about this program . More recent ones do not . If you have a quickbooks system and want to leave that package -LRB- for good reasons -RRB- MYOB will not work for you .
 The workbook itself is not bad , although it could have been more imaginative . I did not like the second half of each letter page being a simple tracing exercise.The CD-ROM learning game was a disappointment . The games section of the program is very confusing . My 5 year old tried a few times and could not get the hang of it . He is not interested . The &#34; movies &#34; are not animated , they are puppet shows with music . There are much better learning materials out there .
 The trusted leader in children 's learning really blew it with this product . I bought SS Baby deluxe , SS Preschool and SS Toddler for my 2 and 4 year olds . My little girl was SO excited to play these games but Uh-oh . The small print says several of the disks DO N'T WORK on Windows 2000 and they were developed for XP before the program was released so it is shaky on XP machines too . The bottom line - we ca n't run most of the CD 's - some will install but not play . Some wo n't give the sound , some wo n't install . Very disappointing . Also Encore -LRB- who produces product -RRB- says on their web that they do n't do refunds - you have to go back to the original store . Also they do n't have an 800 toll-free number so you have to pay for support calls . NOT WHAT I EXPECTED FROM SESAME STREET . I WILL BE VERY WARY OF ALL THEIR PRODUCTS NOW . Amazon probably should n't sell this as compatible with 2000 and XP as it just does n't work with many of those computers .
 After much driver patching and updating , I managed to get all of the discs to install and play a little on Windows 2000 , but the `` Elmo 's Preschool '' and `` Elmo Through the Looking Glass '' discs will lock up our computer HARD -LRB- requiring a cold boot to fix -RRB- after 5-10 minutes of play . The `` Sesame Street Preschool '' disc has n't locked up , but we ca n't hear any SOUND with it , so that sure does n't make it playable either . My 33-month old son was very disappointed and keeps saying `` Elmo 's broken '' . : -LRB-
 Encore should be ashamed for claiming it works with XP ... It does n't .
 I was sooo excited to try this for my 4 year old . I went through all kinds of frustration trying to get Big Bird to talk ... well , after many phone calls I was told that this game only works on some XP computers , not all and certainly not mine . Since it works on some , they are able to list XP as a requirement ... this was a big disappointment . I was able to take it back ... where I was told by the clerk that they simply took an older game and gave it a new face ... and by the way , if only one disk will work with XP , they list it as compatible when the other two cd 's in the package will not work for you . Bad software choice .
 Hello , This is the second of two music CD 's we bought on line . They are DEFECTIVE ! We tried playing them on more than 3 computers , belonging to as many people , and they will not correctly download or play correctly . DO NOT BUY THIS ON LINE . WE GOT RIPPED ! I can not recommend this as a means of ordering this product . When I get a replacement , I will go thru a store , because I can not get my money back.Dr . Byron L. ReidSenior Music EditorLeoma Music Company
 I replaced my computer and reinstalled PSPA5 deluxe which I 'd bought from Amazon last year . I received several error messages during the installation but the program worked . I tried to install the downloaded upgrade but got an error message that my version was not valid . Corel recently bought Jasc so I went to their site and , rather than pay per incident for tech support , I described the problem and asked for help which was free and promised the next business day . After two weeks with no reply . I sent them another e-mail and waited another week with no reply . I then sent them a fax , on the belief that my ISP might be blocking their reply , and asked for a faxed response or snail mail help . NOTHING ! Spending real money for PSPA 5 apparently buys you a decent program and being totally ignored by Jasc 's new owners , Corel . I gave the program a low rating because I believe that prompt e-mail support is an essential part of the cost of the program . I uninstalled PSPA 5 and will buy nothing new from JASC/COREL . Picasa 2 from Google works well and is free .
 My sister and I waited and waited for this game to come out.We loved the Nancy Drew series and enjoyed playing the others.But when we finally were able to buy this game we finished in it in less than two days . It was extremely easy and the game world was small and condensed.The story line was cute and the dialogue was good , but the amount of exploring and discovering of the game was rather poor . It was a good game for younger detectives , but it was way too easy for us older kids and I hope that the next games are made longer .
 I was slightly disappointed in this game . Why ? Well it was extremely short . Also , there were n't that many puzzles , as if Herinteractive is running out of ideas . I wish I could of sleuth around some more , there were so many places that we could of sleuth at . There were a lot of bugs in this game and now my computer is fool of patches that I loaded from Herinteractive . There were so many bugs , that I could hardly play the game . Next time , I think Herinteractive should spend a bit more time checking out for the glitches and all . But I got over that.The characters were n't as fun as they are in the other games.I wasted twenty dollars on a game that took me a day to beat.If you are really looking foward to spend twenty dollars , I would n't waste my money . . It was so easy . Almost too easy . Herinteractive makes very good games , but this one , was n't as good as the others .
 I am a huge Nancy Drew game fan and its rare that I dislike one of the games . This one whoever , she 's an exception.The art somewhat stiff at times and the characters are somewhat dull all except for the artist and the girl who you help . But this game is too short and it does n't keep us guessing like Nancy games usually do . Usually , it takes me a few days to solve a Nancy Mystery but this only took me two hours ! I was really disappointed .
 I have played all of the Nancy Drew games , and ecxept for Secrets Can Kill , I enjoyed all of them . When I bought The Haunted Carousel I thought it was going to be as good as the best of them . I was very dissapointed . It was very short , very easy and you did n't have to snoop at all . The puzzles were very easy and the new computer feature helps you out too much . In conclusion I felt like this game was a waste of money . I still feel like the best game was Treasure in a Royal Tower .
 If you like the Nancy Drew game series -LRB- and I do -RRB- , there are much better ones to get . There are almost no puzzles to solve and you do n't get to go anywhere interesting . At all . A theme park haunted house ? Great - lots of potential there ! But enter it and all you get to see is a virtually empty room . And it 's the same with the roller coaster . I kept thinking the game was going to `` open up '' to more detail and more places , but while I was waiting for this to happen I followed what I thought was a simple clue and suddenly found I had solved the whole thing . Seriously , I thought I 'd missed half the game , but walkthroughs tell me differently.Don ' t waste your money .
 I am a fan of the Nancy Drew games , but this one was a disappointment . The game has a map interface that takes Nancy directly to her destination , which means no more wandering around for Nancy . Also , there is not nearly as many `` things '' to look at ; instead many clues are `` given '' to Nancy by contacts on her cell phone . There was no `` night time '' alarm clock which takes away Nancy 's opportunity to explore when people are not around ; it also takes away much of the thrill and fear of `` being caught . '' There was n't much suspense in this game either and the mystery was very easy to solve . I gave the game two stars because my game was not buggy , things worked like they were supposed to and the villian was difficult to guess . I do think that Her Interactive should stick with their older formats
 I was very disappointed in the newest Nancy Drew game , the Haunted Carousel . I have been a great fan of the computer game series , but this game was not nearly as fun , challenging , or interesting as the others have been.For starters , the game can be completed extremely fast which takes a lot of fun out of pondering the mystery . Secondly , I had guessed the culprit almost immediately , and my suspicions were only confirmed as the game progressed . I never even suspected any of the other characters . I also found many of the elements of the game extremely bizarre and unbelievable in real world scenarios , which only hurts the series because Nancy is supposed to be a character to whom everyone can relate and imagine being in her shoes.There will still be die-hard Nancy Drew fans who think this game is great . But , it seems to me that Her Interactive has realized what a seller the games in the series are and have stopped producing quality games in favor of producing more games faster , which leads to poor plot lines , bad character development , and mediocre games . I can only hope that the next game in the series will make up for the mediocrity of the Haunted Carousel .
 I am a Nancy Drew game fan , but this one was a disappointment . The game was way easy and lacked many of the hallmarks of ND games . For example , Nancy no longer has an alarm clock to go from day to night . Therefore , the gamer is forced to `` sneak around '' while people are still their offices . The amusement park has a map and you just click where you want to go . No more fun wandering around ... There 's loads of people to you need to call to give you answers you need instead of doing the research yourself . And the topper
 I wish we had read a review of this game before we had purchased it . Having purchased and played all preceeding Nancy Drew games with my children -LRB- where we were very satisfied and impressed with the quality -RRB- the Haunted Carousel was a noticeable letdown . Each game claims a minimum of 20 hours playing time and we have found this to be true with the exception of Carousel , which we finished in under 6 hours , at the highest difficulty level . The game contains far fewer problem solving opportunities and too much `` help '' . You ca n't even wander through the park . I would suggest it only if it 's hugely discounted as it is only about one third the playing time and quality level as other games in the Nancy Drew series .
 I have all the Nancy Drew mysteries ... they are wonderfull.Which is why I 'm so disappointed with this one in particular -LRB- The Haunted Carousel -RRB- It does ` nt live up it its name , its as if they just whipped this out and depended on its name to sell it . Instead of 20 hours of game play , it should read 4 + hours and 10 and under intstead of 10 and over . Its too simple on senior -LRB- ca n't imagine what its like on junior -RRB- . . not at all like its thought provoking predecessors , there is ` nt any depth to the plot . What happened to the sluething ?
 I 've played all of the Nancy Drew games and found this one to be too easy . My daughter found it a little boring -LRB- except for the ending -RRB- . I would get this as a starter game . If you are a veteran of these games I 'd suggest that you wait until it 's on sale .
 The Haunted Carousel game was a big disappointment to me for several reasons . I am a fan of the Nancy Drew software and only have good things to say about the * other * titles in this series by Her Interactive . That said , this particular game is too short , has fewer clues and puzzles -LRB- which are much too easy -RRB- , other characters are barely fleshed out , and overall , it lacks any sense of mystery or intrigue basic to this type of game . I suspect that HerInteractive was in a crunch to get Danger on Deception Island out quickly in time for Xmas , and so they skimped on this particular game . I do not recommend it at all !
 I was excited about getting `` The Haunted Carousel '' when i orderd it.What a let down.This is by far the most boring game in the series.Its way to easy.Plus you are limited by where you can go.This is a major step back to the quality of the first game in the series.Cheap and fast way of making Herinteractive a quick buck.They just threw this together.I hope future games , they take the time to really think things through .
 My daughter loves these games , loves to spend time solving the mystery , finding clues and spending time on the game.This one lasted a few hours . It practically played itself at the end . It was short enough to have been a demo disk for the real Nancy Drew game.We have all of the others , which were ok games . Poor , clunky interface , but lots of content . This one had the same interface without the content . No more for us .
 I wanted to just close my eyes and pretend this game never happened . Unfortunately , you do not get to move around the park and explore , there were no good puzzles , we finished this game in a couple of hours . The final insult was the abrupt and non-sense ending . You could start with one of the earlier games or jump over this thing and move on to more interesting games . Although this is not satisfying for seasoned players it might be a good introduction to the series for the beginner .
 My daughter , age 10 ca n't use this because the curser skips at a big delay time . I specifically looked to make sure the program works with xp and it said it does.I tried to get help from the nancy drew website and it even tells people with skipping cursers to install a new curser driver . This is rediculous.I 've never had a prob with any other programs.I have XP Professional and there is nothing wrong with my computer , it 's the game.Anybody want to buy it ?
 Okay ... so maybe I did n't quite solve it in just 4 hours . I spent four hours trying to defeat the Barnicle Blast mini-game to get a Harmonica I needed . -LRB- Imagine the old game `` PONG '' . -RRB- Finally I turned it over to a 12 year old who beat the mini game in 2 minutes allowing me to go on with life . Other then that , I would have solved it in 4 hours . It 's not a long game . The sets are pretty but the puzzles are easy . You do get food -LRB- always a favorite in my book -RRB- but the only ride you will ride is the carousel . You do get to play the midway games as much as your like . You also get to learn shorthand and the history of carousels -LRB- fun little trivia to carry in the back of your mind -RRB- . So I guess my final thoughts would be that this game was really fun while it lasted ... but it does n't last long .
 Use caution if you order this product . I have this one , along with all the other DVD comic collections -LRB- Fantastic Four , X-Men , Hulk , and Avengers -RRB- , and while it 's much nicer to have all this stuff on one DVD rather than 16 CD-ROMs , I have had many problems with this one . Specifically , of the 40-some different DVD drives I 've tried this disc on the PC , not one of them could see any files on the DVD other than a folder with `` 1960 `` s stuff in it . At first I thought I had a defective disc , but after I tried it in a MAC DVD drive , the entire disc came up without a problem ! I suspect it has something to do with the dual layering and PC drives not being able to read one of the layers . It seems they did n't do a very good job at product testing to make the DVD able to be read by different kinds of DVD drives . So unless you have access to a MAC that can burn PC/Windows DVDs , you may be out of luck on being able to read all the files on this disc .
 I have been extremely frustrated by this product . While it apparently works well when it does work , although it removes email attachments that it thinks might be dicey without asking you , after 2 months of use it started giving me `` low protection '' warnings . Apparently it is conflicting with something on my system , but the Panda techies have been unable to help -- and this has been going on for six weeks ! I have spent hours trying to resolve the problem , so I would n't recommend it to others .
 I bought this antivirus program based on an online reviewer at a computer website who stated it was the tops in its field . However , be aware that Panda Titanium slows your processing down to glacial speed . I had had McAfee on my computer , and when the year subscription was up , decided to switch to something else . I now wish I had switched to something else besides Panda . I had to disable all the options except for one just to get the program to stop hogging all my memory -LRB- 756K -RRB- and making my computer -LRB- a Dell 3000 -RRB- run as slowly as a sloth in slow-motion . Save yourself the frustration and buy another product .
 English is a very difficult language to learn , and this book/cd did not work for us . It may work if you already know some English , but for beginners I do n't think it 's worth the money .
 what does this software do ? all i see is how much it cost and when it ships . if i am buying software just to see how much software i can buy then this is all i need to know . but if i want useful software then i need to know what it does before i get it !!!
 `` ditto '' to the first review . what does it do ? a description would be really nice !
 Had previously used video editing software that came free with a PCI TV card I had installed , was ready for an upgrade and thought this was the answer to my problems -LRB- mainly associated with different output formats -RRB- . Story board editing is very simplistic and gets old fast . Very good for those who have no exposure to video editing software , my expectations were a bit higher . Limited control of most aspects , so be prepared for restricted editing . Many problems with program crashing while creating movies . It is mostly capable of putting clips in an order and selecting transitions to go in-between , if that is all you need this is the editor for you . I would recommend finding another video editing title for most everyone else , my search continues ...
 This program has one of the worst user interfaces ever . The team at Ulead definitely skipped the software developement process that tests average people -LRB- people that did n't directly write-code the program -RRB- using thier program.The interface is their own design . Missing is the HELP button ! No standard buttons are featured . The program has no help , rather it pops up everytime you do something and you have to fumble around for a G circle thing button where you turn help off , otherwise it pops up every time you do something.Editing out commercials in this program is annoying . You can not enter in a frame number manually or a numerical time . Instead you have to use touchy slider that goes either too far too fast to not far enough . There is no precision . Worst , while exporting if you have a bad frame , it quits . There is no way I have found to kill the bad frame because of the lack of precision.I have a degree in computers and I find the interface useless . I ca n't figure it out . NO PROGRAM SHOULD BE THIS HARD TO USE!F -
 I 've only had the program a few days but I believe I am qualified to give an `` out of the box experience '' report . Ulead decided to ignore 10 years of Windows interface standardization and created the least intuitive product I have used in 15 years of computing.For ex
 I received Video Studio 5 with my Firewire controller . I am extremely disappointed in this program . It is not user friendly in any way . There are tips and step by step instructions , but they are unclear and not precise . I spent almost an hour trying to insert a transition between 2 frames . The directions give 2 methods of performing this action . The first method - clicking the selected transition and dragging it does n't work at all . You can drag it everywhere on the screen EXCEPT in between two frames . The second method is to click on a button that does not exist in the effects mode . If I leave the effects mode , the button is there , but then I ca n't very well add any effects.After fussing with this program for over an hour , I switched to Windows Media Movie Maker and had my short little clip completed and exported to the internet in less than 20 minutes.Don ' t waste your time or money on Ulead Video Studio 5 !
 Tried to use the LE version which came with a Firewire card - after an hour I gave up in frustration . ... the user interface is not at all intuitive . I found myself having to constantly refer to the documentation to figure out simple tasks like capturing video from my camcorder or opening a file . Not reccomended .
 I received Ulead Video Studio Version 5.0 with my 1394 adapter card . I find it very difficult to use.As a user of Windows XP , I could only get it to run for users designated as PC Administrator . Limited Users could not run the software.I did not find it to be intuitive to use even though each menu item across the top provides an illustrative picture and sequence of steps.It appears on the surface to be easy to use however I had problems with editing clips and music . It appears it has many features and options . I spent 2 hours trying to edit a 30 second video clip and gave up with a headache . I had difficulty trying to preview minor changes -LRB- e.g. adding a title -RRB- . The software would go through the Rendering step each time which would take about a minute or two .
 After upgrading to Windows ME I realized I had wasted a hundred bucks on Video Studio software . Like many others , I was hesitant to upgrade to ME because of reports of computer lockups , crashes , etc. . Rumors circulated that WinME had many bugs that had yet to be resolved . Total hogwash . I realize now that I made a mistake by not upgrading sooner . The Windows Movie Maker software included with WinME was a pleasant suprise . I prefer it to Video Studio and Studio DV -LRB- Pinnacle -RRB- . It does n't include everything that the two major titles do , but it has everything u would want , without options that u would never use . After all , these movies wo n't be released in the local theatres.If u have n't upgraded yet , remember that the cost of the upgrade to WinME will be the same or less than either of the two major movie making software titles !! Think about it . Rodger
 This program is a good idea , but its not something you want to buy . It takes some of your mac 's hard drive and memory and uses it as a Windows ME computer . This would allow you to run windows applications on your Mac . However , it requires a lot of memory and does n't work with games . Already discouraged ? Well , it conflicts with almost every program on your computer . Even programs like Microsoft Word froze when doing just word processing . And when you call the company , they tell you that it does n't cause any of these problems . Well , it must have , because the computer was n't having these problems before we installed it . We have a G4 Cube , so it is n't that we have an old computer . This is n't a good purchase . Spend a little more and get a simple Windows computer .
 If you are thinking of buying this product to utilise your Mac as a PC as well , then you are on the right track . However , if like me you have a few peripherals , some development tools , etc. there will come a time when you will need tech support . That 's when you hit a brick wall.You have a better chance of emailing your gold fish and getting a response than from someone at Connectix . I mean that most sincerely . Weeks . Absolutely weeks go by before someone will wake up to the fact that you have written in and respond to you . Then they will ask you for more information . Then you will respond and then another month or two will go by.Think hard before you make this purchase if this is the kind of company you want to deal with . Because you are going to be facing many , many lonely weeks waiting for their response , if it ever comes .
 Wasp does not allow the transfer of licenses of their software . Be careful before you buy any of their software , as you will probably NOT be able to ever sell it .
 This product is , at best , just o.k. the hairstyles were average . Some reminded me of the 80 's . the good thing though , was that your could vary the hair color alot so at leat you could get an idea of what you might like . There are about 3 cds that have to be installed . Also , the makeup cd is a WASTE OF TIME . It offers drawn lips that you paste on your face ! I dont know about the people that made this program but , i think its awful . If your thinking of buying this product I suggest you think twice .
 I rate RoboDemo 5 as useless for one very important reason
 Go to Google and simply search for a free bar code font . This software is too expensive -LRB- all you get are fonts and some add-ins -LRB- that do n't work well -RRB- -RRB- . Find a bar code true type font file and simply save it in your `` fonts '' folder on your computer ... then applications like Microsoft Word and Excell can use this font just like any other font . This product is not packaged well . It takes several attempts to get the installation wizard to actually work and install the product . I will be selling mine used here on Amazon if you want to try to use it because I just downloaded a free font from the Internet and it works fine .
 I bought this software because I thought it would do everything I needed and it did . But ... . it did n't work . To many bugs , tech support is terrible leaving you on your own . I invested `` alot of money '' on this junk and would not recommend it to anyone .
 My daughter -LRB- 13 -RRB- and I tried The Number Devil together . She has ADD and has difficulty with math . We found the intro to be too long and the games boring . This game did not keep her attention at all . We also tried Math Blaster and would recommend that game instead . I am glad others have found this game helpful unfortunately it didnt for us .
 This does n't work on a Mac , and Amazon should n't sell it as if it does . We ordered it for a C'mas gift for our son who LOVES the book . A big disappointment !
 If your website says MAC compatible , all promotional materials say MAC compatible , the Amazon listing says MAC compatible , the CD-ROM itself indicates it 's MAC compatible , and the included booklet contains instructions for installing it on a MAC , one need n't be surprised if the customer expects the product to actually be MAC compatible , and goes on to waste time trying to install the * % ^ $ & ^ % $ product , trying -LRB- in vain -RRB- to find its tech support section on the distributor 's website , emailing tech support -LRB- no phone support -RRB- . It 's almost amusing -LRB- or at least might be in retrospect -RRB- if this were n't my daughter 's main birthday present , and one she 's been particularly looking forward to .
 The CD that I received did not work on our Mac even though all the system requirements were met . It seemed to be only a PC version . I emailed Viva Media and they said that they were out of Mac versions ! Anyway , I returned the product to Amazon . What a disappointment !
 I was astonished by the many mistakes I found early in this inexpensive Latin program . Words and tenses are not translated correctly . No vocabulary is given , simply text in Latin and English . The student will begin the study of Latin getting words and tenses confused . The mistakes are so obvious that it is difficult to understand how they could have gotten by even a cursory editing process . Of course , Rosetta Stone is ten times more expensive , but I did not find glaring errors in that program . Hans Orberg 's Lingua Latina with accompanying CD is the one I recommend . Orberg has been most careful to edit his work .
 First the program failed to load on my laptop so I tried my desk top it would load and walk thru to tutorial and that is all duing the actual corse it crashed my computor at every prompt requireing a complete restart of my computer I wa n't my money back
 this is a total waste of money , the native speaker cant be understood by me or my filipino friends , , , go with the pimsleur language cd
 The seller , Lighthouse Media in Tracy Iowa , only sent me the manual . Before I bought the product he confirmed all 3 installations were still available but the software CD did n't arrive . Upon contacting him , he could n't find it to supply it . Amazon refunded my money promptly . So needless to say , I can not provide a review for this product .
 I know this is an unpopular stance , but I believe there is no comparison of this product to MS Word , MS Office or Sun Star Writer 7.0 for that matter.WordPerfect does contain valuable legal capabilities and also great handling of long documents and books . On the other hand it contains only two useful programs , Quattro and WordPerfect for its still rather steep price.Quattro is a nice addition to the world of spreadsheet data processing , but it offers so few benefits over its counterpart Excel -LRB- i.e Fourier transform , eigenvalue/eigenvector -RRB- that it is questionable as to why anyone outside of Ottawa would buy it . Indeed , Microsoft provides Word Legal to provide all features that WP vaunts.On the positive side , the reveal codes feature is kind of a neat toy that Word 2003 and Sun Star 7.0 have also provided . WordPerfect has no capability to edit HTML texts in an effective manner . Sun 's product is even better than this even though it is usually used as a LAN product and not necessarily a web editor.WordPerfect and Quattro Pro reflect cut-rate products at a cut-rate price . I would recommend Sun Star Office 7.0 or Word 2003 instead . It seems that the low price would indicate a bargain because of the WordPerfect name , but Word , Excel and Star simply have have more features.It does n't seem wise to me to save money on the future of your business success . I recommend that the shopper buy something else .
 Although it looked as though it could have more versatility than the other Mac program , its poor performance cripples it completely . I 've seen alpha software better than this . I would never give this program even one star . It is slow-slow-slow . There is n't a copy , paste , or undo command . I could n't tell if zoom just did n't work at all or backwards . Zoom changed the pallet size ; no scroll bars . I had two lines of text with the same font and size and they looked completely different . When one of them appeared on pallet , it only had the marque markers , no text visible . Resizing was painful . I could n't tell if the program was working on some other operation or contemplating my mouse click . This is a click and hold for several seconds to see if anything happens . Do you still need to know more?If you want to create a Logo , use MS Word or Apple Pages . Anything but this program . You should note they MacXware does not offer a demo . If they did , you would n't be reading this.PW
 A agree with the former reviewer , this program is indeed not good . There is no Copy and Paste function , neither an Undo command . The text tool does not work properly , e.g. changing alignment from leftbound to centered has no effect at all . This program is also very slow . In my opinion Logo Desing Studio -LRB- Mac -RRB- does not deserve a single star .
 The other reviewers are accurate . Stay away from this product at all costs . Design is all but impossible with this extremely slow , buggy program . As a digital design instructor , I am highly experienced with a wide variety of design programs . I purchased this to test it as a simple logo generating program for my younger students . It 's a complete waste of money .
 Had I only checked the reviews here on amazon ... . This software is virtually unusable and it 's a shame for any company to sell something that unreliable . There 's no `` undo '' function , so every change is very difficult to retract . Many templates load incomplete and you only get the text , but not the graphics indicated in the preview . I tried to change the color of a graphic element and no matter which color I chose it stayed black ... I gave up hope after trying to get some kind of workflow with this buggy software and have to write my money off.DON ' T BUY THIS SOFTWARE .
 I bought this product and returned it the next day . I agree with the other reviewers -- it 's completely unusable , and it really should n't even be on the market . The clip art objects , when brought into a new file , were too gigantic to manipulate -- so huge I could n't even find end points to resize the image . The zoom did not appear to work at all . The text box followed around my mouse 's movements even though I clicked repeatedly to place the text in one place ... How did this product get on the market ?
 Not a good program . Took me a couple of hours to design a logo that I can do in Printshop in about five minutes . Do not buy !!!!!
 Really beyond Awful , and with NO customer support . I have been emailing them all day , to no avail.I just agree totally with the 3 reviews above and do n't see the need to add.Makes me want to go back to PUBLISHER on my PC .
 I purchased , but I was too dumb to know what I was getting . This DOES NOT have CAL numbers to put in your SBS - I can not increase my CAL users . My IT guy tells me a Transition pack WILL NOT and CAN NOT be used to increase CAL 's for SBS 2003 . SHAME on me for trying to by something cheaper .
 I recently bought this product new , but on clearance at a discount/clearance store . Thankfully , I only paid a grand total of $ 0.77 for it . When I went to install it , there was hardly anything on the disc , only 1.17 MB , which was enough to send me to the company 's website . This is all it said
 This is an ok screen saver . Not good , but not trash . The fish are merely adequate , not exciting . Truthfully , the Microsoft fish screensaver that came with my computer is more realistic.Loading the game is a little confusing ... you have to load the basic screensaver -LRB- which has one tank and three fish -RRB- and then load the rest of the fish and the rest of the scenes.The box says 57 fish . Some of them are so hideous that I have turned them off . Some of the backgrounds are nice . The 3D backgrounds look silly , and computer generated.It was 20 bucks ... you might want to wait until it goes down in price . I wish that I had . This might be a better deal if it were five bucks . Or free.Update 12-13-05
 You get WordPerfect 12 . Far from perfect , this error-filled mistake of a word processor will drive you to get Microsoft Word ... if your head does n't explode from frustration first . Its unwieldy interface ensures you rarely find what you need , and its image support is non-existent . The simplest formatting commands are a chore in WordPerfect , and frequent errors promise a simple graphic import will take 5x as long as it should . Importing graphics is an excruciating process because it frequently locks up mid-import , and most of the time blacks out the top half of an image . Congratulations Corel , you have made the most user-unfriendly word processor imaginable . You have lost a customer for life .
 Corel WordPerfect Office 12I started using WordPerfect in the olden days before Windows , and I have used it ever since -- upgrading over time , but 12 's crashing is pitiful . So now I will not upgrade to the latest because I no longer trust it and meanwhile -- at last -- Word has improved . It 's not perfect , but WordPefect is no longer perfect .
 We have had Corel WP for years . We recently upgraded from 8 to 12 -LRB- we 're a non profit -RRB- and 12 barely works with our network printer . I 've even spoken with COrel techs who 've instructed me on how to set up documents to print to our printer -- it is so awkward a procedure -LRB- not to mention totally dumb -RRB- . What 's worse is that it just does n't work all the time . THings are SO bad that I am constantly called to try to figure out why it wo n't print AGAIN . We wish we 'd thought to get the trial version first ! Many others have told me how horrible Corel 's products are getting . Nothing but trouble for us !!
 I purchased this program because I had lost my WordPerfect 6 when I reformated my hard drive . The program disk for WordPerfect 6 was broken . I ca n't use this WordPerfect 12 . It does n't print booklets like the WordPerfect 6 . I do n't know if it 's this particular program -LRB- defective -RRB- or what , but I 'm sorry I spent the money . No directions came with it . It says on the disk that it is intended for use on a preinstalled computer ??? Hum , I wonder if it is a legal copy ?
 I had never even heard of this laughable software until I was forced to use it because it was the default word processor at my office . I quickly encountered bug after bug . Even the simplest tasks like inserting images is problem oriented . In one instance , I tried to convert an image file to several different formats and when that did n't work , looked up help for it and the Corel supported solution to it was to do changes to the computer registry ! Are you freaking kidding me ?! Being able to pull the margins on the sides of documents is incredibly annoying because it is so easy to accidently change when placing a cursor at the left margin.The text on the screen in wordperfect never looks right for some reason . I often have to double check if there is a space between two words or letters because things just do n't display right in this processor . It 's amazing how different text looks when you copy it out of wordperfect and place it into word . It acutally looks like it does when you print it ! Amazing concept!I constantly encounter missspelled words or punctuation mistakes that it never picks up . It does n't underline spacing problems or punctuation mistakes like having two periods next to each other . The list really does go on.The one thing I hear supporters of this junk say they like about it is the ` reveal codes ' feature , which lets you see a long string of computer jibberish at the bottom of the document that is supposed to show you all the formatting codes that have been done to the document . Why would you want that ? Is n't the ultimate goal of any computer application to be WYSIWYG ? There is a reason that there are so many applications out for website creation now that let you bypass all of the html coding .
 WordPerfect Office 12 is simply not good . You 're better off paying a little more money to get Microsoft Office . Even trying to format an outline I am finding to be impossible . QuatroPro is n't so bad , but WordPerfect is really poorly designed and a waste of money .
 I wish to say that I have had great luck with previous version of WordPerfect . This latest version really contains nothing except a bit more compatibility with windows and other server-based word processors.The PDF and HTML publishing option are really a moot point because WordPerfect only produces rudimentary , low quality PDF 's and mediocre HTML editing and programming.If that was n't the worst , Microsoft 's Work 's Suite 2005 contains 5 commercial programs including Word , Money and Picture It ! for half the price of the whole Worperfect Office 12 product.There is just no reason to buy this product when a product of half its price performs better . I guess I would recommend Works Suite or plain Works instead they have the same feature
 This is the worst piece of software ever created on the face of this earth . . It is single handly giving me a brain aneurysm . .
 WordPerfect is a nice word processor . But there 's nothing really the matter with MS Word either . They 're only word processors after all , and both do what any word processor should do . So the question is , how does the rest of Corel 's suite compare to Microsoft 's offering ? The answer is the same as its been for years
 I recieved this program with both the Dell computers my family have bought and I must say it is nowhere near perfect . To use any sort of logic is to run into serious problems with this application . My mother continues to have problems even figuring out how to change from print view to normal view.I had to use this program when I had to do projects for my Intro to Computers class and I ended up almost failing it due to the screwed up placement of options.There are free products which are much better then this series of applications . Try Openoffice
 This is the worst program ever.It gets beat in every category by word.This is overpriced garbage that has many bugs and kinks.Corel puts out a terrible product at a horrible price.IF YOU ARE BUYING A DELL PAY THE FEE TO UPGRADE TO WORD . It cost a little more now but it is better than alot more later !
 this software is horribale for any oneit to over pricedit takes for ever to figure out and I work with computer software I suggest microsoft suit 2006 for about 100 dollars it 's worth it u also get a encyclopedia and a travel programword perfect will delete items after 1 yeardo n't ever get it if getting a dell just pay the extra money and get word u will be thank ful
 Shame on Rand McNally - This software is terrible . This reminds me of 1990 software . Just buy the hard copy Atlas . MapTech makes the best affordable mapping products available .
 Avoid this at all costs ! First of all , you can only navigate in a TINY window within an annoying an unnecessary `` skin '' . The maps are not detailed at all and it 's annoying to have to zoom in and out with a button click -LRB- mouse wheel does n't work -RRB- and the detail is EXTREMELY poor . Also , it works against you by having to move around in that tiny window . Do n't waste your money !!! This is -LSB- bad -RSB- and we should expect better . I wonder if the folks at Rand McNally use their own software for navigation . Probably not .
 This is definitely not the type of quality product I would expect from Rand-McNally . The maps it provides are not detailed , and generic in nature . It shows only main roads , etc. . I expected to receive a standard Rand McNally Road Atlas of the US , just as the printed version , but transferred to CD -LRB- s -RRB- . This product is all but useless . But I 'll use the CD as a coaster to protect the finish on my computer desk !!
 VERY DISAPPOINTED . I was extremely happy and comfortable with my older -LRB- 2002 - ? -RRB- version - but I lost it in a hard-drive scrub . -LRB- Bummer ! -RRB- I thought this newer version would match and exceed it 's ancestor - - DEFINITELY NOT ! It 's Clunky , maddeningly small -LRB- visually -RRB- , has poorly defined controls , virtually no instructions or guidance of any value , and it 's missing 70-80 % of the features that made the old one so useful . Two main complaints
 I installed the software on my PC that has XP SP2 on it - as well as 1.5 GB of RAM . After installing all I get is an error that says I must have at least 3 MB of free virtual memory . Maybe I just have too much!I uninstalled it and am now out the $ $ for buying it . A fancy coaster I guess !
 This is such a joke of a program . It did n't work very well at all !
 I purchased this software last month but I am unable to rate it because it locked up during the `` Pattern '' skill . Maybe it is just my version , but my grandchildren were disappointed .
 I upgraded from version 8 to version 12 because I could not reliably load jpeg format pictures in v. 8 . All jpegs were created using Photoshop 7 but only some random subset of them will load into Wordperfect . I have the same problem with v 12 . -LRB- Microsoft Word takes all jpegs with no problems . -RRB- The same problem exists whether using Windows 98 or Windows 2000 professional so it is not likely the OS . This product is of no use to me ; I have again wasted $ 150 on Corel Wordperfect . However this was their last chance with me . I guess , long live the Microsoft monopoly .
 Due to my laptop crashing I had to use a rental computer to finish my novel by the deadline . I 've used word to write 3 books , magazine articles and numerous academic papers and I 've always found it easy to use and understand . Wordperfect is a complete pain , the help file is useless and the text often overlaps and looks like it is a typo which makes editing on the screen a nightmare . It was impossible to instructions of formatting a document for double spacing in the help menu -LRB- it only tells you that book reports should be double spaced , but does n't tell you how to make it do it -RRB- . I will be glad to get my laptop back and go back to work in Word .
 This is by far one of the most frustrating word processing programs I 've ever worked with . I 'm used to working with Microsoft Word -LRB- which is no catch itself -RRB- and , though it is nice that this is compatible with Word , it ca n't SAVE it as a word document.Forget about editing ! Due to glitches in the program , when you hit a reverse tab , your paragraphs end up overlapping on your screen ! Incredible , but true ! It made editing my resume a complete nightmare . It 's workable , but unbelievable that these people ca n't design something compatible with real world needs . It 's not worth upgrading from the 2002 version , either , since the changes are unsubstantial and unimpressive to warrant an `` upgrade '' . Run away while you can ...
 I paid the same amount to upgrade to WP12 that others did who had never used WP before . I was willing to do that -LRB- thinking that there would be added features -RRB- . WP Suite 8 was a great program , and it works with Windows ME , but does not work with XP . My sympathies were with WP for having to catch-up . I purchased a basic WP10 program to continue using WP . Then I purchased WP11 , which worked with XP , and I will continue to use it as long as it works - even though I seem to have lost -LRB- get a message
 Nothing substantially new here expect for the picture on the box . In other words , there 's no real reason to sink money into this product , except to help prop up a company that seems to have lost its ability to innovate.The same old claims -LRB- compatibilty with MS , ease of use , etc. are being made , but big deal . Corel has made these claims before . -RRB- I can see no real difference between this version and the 2002 suite . I 'll pass on the Corel upgrades until they make them worth my time and money .
 As a big smiley fan , and having been burned -LRB- bad virus -RRB- by down loading smileys , I thought this would solve my smiley fetish . Was not compatible with Windows 7 ...
 This product is a total con - I ordered it on Amazon.com and received just one CD in the box , no instructions even for installation . The CD only installs the Greenstreet Font Manager - try to install any fonts from it and get an unavoidable and inexplicable error where it ca n't read from the install CD for any of the fonts . The real kicker is when you open any other major application on your computer and find that the default fonts have been replaced with totally illegible characters -LRB- this occurred for Photoshop , Visio , and even Windows itself -RRB- . Uninstall the Font Manager and the issue persists . Have fun emailing the blackhole of Summitsoft tech support - they ca n't even post a FAQ page to their juvenile website or have the decency to send a default message promising any response or resolution . This product is a total waste of money and time .
 I really ca n't say if this is a great product or not . It did n't come with any user 's manual . In order to get one you had to order one from the manufacturer and send them an additional $ 9.95 . So unless you 're a whiz at working software on your own or think it 's okay for a manufacturer to hit you up for more money I 'd look for something else .
 Save your money . After trying to install several fonts I got the same message `` Font ca n't be found . Please insert CD containing this font '' . Only problem is , it only comes with one CD . After several E-Mails to the black hole they call customer support and receiving absolutely no response , I finally gave up . Total waste of money and time .
 I bought this particular binder through NothingButSoftware here on Amazon because it looked like others I already have and specifically because there was a review here indicating this model did NOT have a handle.The ones I received did indeed have handles , but otherwise match the ones I 'd bought previously . I suppose they 're fine for what they are , but I 'm disappointed -- not sure whether to be bummed that someone wrote an inaccurate review or that NothingButSoftware is pulling a fast one on me . But I 'm bummed nonetheless.Go ahead and buy these if you like the faux-plether texture -LRB- I do -RRB- , and specifically if you want ones with handles on the binder -LRB- I do n't -RRB- . I 'll be returning these 2 shortly , or selling them on Pricegrabber Storefronts or something ...
 The plastic bolts that hold the pages into the book are easily broken . I do n't even have the maximum 208 CD 's in this binder and it is already broken . I do n't even toss the binder around , I usually carry it inside of a bag to protect it .
 I have been a Peachtree customer for over 17 years . I had not upgraded for a few years and felt this would be the time to do so . Some of the new features looked quite attractive . The first thing I noticed after insalling the multi-user version on my network is that they had changed the datbase from the Novell btrieve format to Pervasive SQL . I thought this would be good as I have usually noticed SQL databases run faster . Boy was I mistaken . The program ran so slow it was unusable . Different windows might take 30 seconds to pop up and another screen would take 20 seconds to save . The confusing thing was the behavior was not consistent it would run fast for a few transactions then revert to running slow . Peachtree technical support told me my server was not fast enough to handle the new version even though all my other software programs ran fine on the network . I should have been suspicious because Peachtree ran this slow even when I was the only one using the network . Nevertheless , I bought a new $ 3,600 Server and much to my dismay Peachtree ran just as slow . Then Peachtree Technical support claimed it was my network switch so I bought a newer one for $ 650 . No improvement . I could see what was coming next . They claimed it was my workstations . I was about to upgrade the 3 bookkeeping computers anyway so I spent $ 1,950 each to buy very fast systems for the 3 of them . Still no change . I have searched around the Internet and found that I am not the only one to have these problems . It seems that the newest versions of Peachtree with the Pervasive SQL database where only designed to be run in Single user mode and not on a network . They built the network functions on later . I am very upset with Peachtree technical support for lying to me . If they would have told me the truth that there where some problems with the network abilities in the new version of Peachtree and that they were working on them , I would have saved thousands of dollars in new hardware that they claimed I needed . The last thing they told me was that I just needed to upgrade to Peachtree Quantum Accounting because it ran much faster . That would cost me thousands more . They must be kidding . I will never trust them again . My old version ran fine but they tell me there is now way to downgrade my data files . I am looking around for another brand of software now . If it can painlessly convert my Peachtree data I will switch .
 I 've used Peachtree and Quickbooks between different jobs going back 17 years and always loved Peachtree software . It was always great value for the price.The Good
 It is n't a bad product . As long as you never need any customer service then this software is o.k. Not bad , not great , just o.k. . Their customer support is lousy . I 've called them five different occasions , and each time I was on hold at least 20 minutes before talking to a live person , and each time I had to be transferred to another rep , whom I had to start all over with the explanation of who I was and my question of the day . Once it took me a full 2.5 hours of being on the phone with Peachtree and my problem was never resolved . Some of the reps are kind of slimy too.Quickbooks has much better customer service . After getting used to the lousy service from using Peachtree for four years I was so surprised at how pleasant and efficient the intuit reps were that I 'm now completely converted to quickbooks and will never use Peachtree again . I was having the same problem with Quickbooks that I was having with Peachtree , but the Quickbook rep got me back on track and fixed everything in 10 minutes . I was never transferred or put on hold.Our company 's accountant insists on Peachtree . We changed accountants so that we would n't have to use Peachtree .
 Peachtree 2008 is difficult to use in simple applications . The 2000 version is easier for simple applications . The initial screen has part of the writing partially blanked out . It is difficult to write a single check.Roy Huckaby CPA
 I too have used Peachtree for years but they have lost a customer . This new version with the Pervasie hogs all the memory causing your system to be too slow to use . Customer service is the worst ; I was on hold more like 40 minutes only to speak to someone with their canned answers . They would n't pay me a rebate that I was entitled to because I called to late ; 5 days too late . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I have been a Peachtree customer for over 17 years . I had not upgraded for a few years and felt this would be the time to do so . Some of the new features looked quite attractive . The first thing I noticed after insalling the multi-user version on my network is that they had changed the datbase from the Novell btrieve format to Pervasive SQL . I thought this would be good as I have usually noticed SQL databases run faster . Boy was I mistaken . The program ran so slow it was unusable . Different windows might take 30 seconds to pop up and another screen would take 20 seconds to save . The confusing thing was the behavior was not consistent it would run fast for a few transactions then revert to running slow . Peachtree technical support told me my server was not fast enough to handle the new version even though all my other software programs ran fine on the network . I should have been suspicious because Peachtree ran this slow even when I was the only one using the network . Nevertheless , I bought a new $ 3,600 Server and much to my dismay Peachtree ran just as slow . Then Peachtree Technical support claimed it was my network switch so I bought a newer one for $ 650 . No improvement . I could see what was coming next . They claimed it was my workstations . I was about to upgrade the 3 bookkeeping computers anyway so I spent $ 1,950 each to buy very fast systems for the 3 of them . Still no change . I have searched around the Internet and found that I am not the only one to have these problems . It seems that the newest versions of Peachtree with the Pervasive SQL database where only designed to be run in Single user mode and not on a network . They built the network functions on later . I am very upset with Peachtree technical support for lying to me . If they would have told me the truth that there where some problems with the network abilities in the new version of Peachtree and that they were working on them , I would have saved thousands of dollars in new hardware that they claimed I needed . The last thing they told me was that I just needed to upgrade to Peachtree Quantum Accounting because it ran much faster . That would cost me thousands more . They must be kidding . I will never trust them again . My old version ran fine but they tell me there is now way to downgrade my data files . I am looking around for another brand of software now . If it can painlessly convert my Peachtree data I will switch .
 I will preface this by stating that I have never submitted a product review before , but feel so strongly about Peachtree Premium Accounting 2008 that I am submitting this review.This is simply the very worst business accounting software I have ever used.I am a finance professional by trade and the interface in this software makes little sense . There is no editable transaction ledger for non-cash accounts . For example , if your business has a credit card , you will enter each transaction -LRB- as a `` check '' -RRB- while not being able to see other transactions . If you want to view the history of the account , you have to generate a report and if it does n't reconcile , it is VERY VERY difficult to get to the erroneous transaction . The makers of this software have very clearly never run a small business.Also of note , the company data is stored in a series of files , not one file , and can not be stored on a file server -LRB- Peachtree wo n't open it -RRB- . You HAVE to store the files on a system with Peachtree installed.Finally , after registering this software , you will be inundated with offers for support packages for the software .
 I have been a Peachtree customer for over 17 years . I had not upgraded for a few years and felt this would be the time to do so . Some of the new features looked quite attractive . The first thing I noticed after insalling the multi-user version on my network is that they had changed the datbase from the Novell btrieve format to Pervasive SQL . I thought this would be good as I have usually noticed SQL databases run faster . Boy was I mistaken . The program ran so slow it was unusable . Different windows might take 30 seconds to pop up and another screen would take 20 seconds to save . The confusing thing was the behavior was not consistent it would run fast for a few transactions then revert to running slow . Peachtree technical support told me my server was not fast enough to handle the new version even though all my other software programs ran fine on the network . I should have been suspicious because Peachtree ran this slow even when I was the only one using the network . Nevertheless , I bought a new $ 3,600 Server and much to my dismay Peachtree ran just as slow . Then Peachtree Technical support claimed it was my network switch so I bought a newer one for $ 650 . No improvement . I could see what was coming next . They claimed it was my workstations . I was about to upgrade the 3 bookkeeping computers anyway so I spent $ 1,950 each to buy very fast systems for the 3 of them . Still no change . I have searched around the Internet and found that I am not the only one to have these problems . It seems that the newest versions of Peachtree with the Pervasive SQL database where only designed to be run in Single user mode and not on a network . They built the network functions on later . I am very upset with Peachtree technical support for lying to me . If they would have told me the truth that there where some problems with the network abilities in the new version of Peachtree and that they were working on them , I would have saved thousands of dollars in new hardware that they claimed I needed . The last thing they told me was that I just needed to upgrade to Peachtree Quantum Accounting because it ran much faster . That would cost me thousands more . They must be kidding . I will never trust them again . My old version ran fine but they tell me there is now way to downgrade my data files . I am looking around for another brand of software now . If it can painlessly convert my Peachtree data I will switch .
 I have been a Peachtree customer for over 17 years . I had not upgraded for a few years and felt this would be the time to do so . Some of the new features looked quite attractive . The first thing I noticed after insalling the multi-user version on my network is that they had changed the datbase from the Novell btrieve format to Pervasive SQL . I thought this would be good as I have usually noticed SQL databases run faster . Boy was I mistaken . The program ran so slow it was unusable . Different windows might take 30 seconds to pop up and another screen would take 20 seconds to save . The confusing thing was the behavior was not consistent it would run fast for a few transactions then revert to running slow . Peachtree technical support told me my server was not fast enough to handle the new version even though all my other software programs ran fine on the network . I should have been suspicious because Peachtree ran this slow even when I was the only one using the network . Nevertheless , I bought a new $ 3,600 Server and much to my dismay Peachtree ran just as slow . Then Peachtree Technical support claimed it was my network switch so I bought a newer one for $ 650 . No improvement . I could see what was coming next . They claimed it was my workstations . I was about to upgrade the 3 bookkeeping computers anyway so I spent $ 1,950 each to buy very fast systems for the 3 of them . Still no change . I have searched around the Internet and found that I am not the only one to have these problems . It seems that the newest versions of Peachtree with the Pervasive SQL database where only designed to be run in Single user mode and not on a network . They built the network functions on later . I am very upset with Peachtree technical support for lying to me . If they would have told me the truth that there where some problems with the network abilities in the new version of Peachtree and that they were working on them , I would have saved thousands of dollars in new hardware that they claimed I needed . The last thing they told me was that I just needed to upgrade to Peachtree Quantum Accounting because it ran much faster . That would cost me thousands more . They must be kidding . I will never trust them again . My old version ran fine but they tell me there is now way to downgrade my data files . I am looking around for another brand of software now . If it can painlessly convert my Peachtree data I will switch .
 I was going to give this as a gift , but it looks like something from a yard sale . Total waste of time and money .
 Absolutely not what expecting . It was a comic strip and pretty much impossible to learn from .
 This game wo n't run on my computer . My husband is an IT guy and could n't get it to work either . He says our antivirus software wo n't let it download b/c it is registering as spyware or some virus . I am terrible about throwing away receipts so now we have a brand new game that we ca n't use or return . Complete waste of birthday money for my son .
 I ordered the `` 2 CD Bonus Deluxe '' set as pictured on the amazon website.The software I received from a third party seller appears to be the single CD version shown elsewhere -LRB- at a different price -RRB- on the amazon website . The software I received also states it is for Windows XP/2000 or older -LRB- which is NOT specified on this amazon page but is on other versions of the software on the amazon site -RRB- so I worry it may not be compatible with Windows 7 -LRB- which is on both laptops in our home . -RRB- I will be returning the software unopened.I am very disappointed and my daughter is very upset.I likely wo n't purchase software on amazon again , especially from third party sellers . Even if I do receive a full refund , it will take weeks , and in the meantime my child is upset she wo n't have the learning software she wanted .
 We had a CD of this game that permently stalled before we were halfway through it . We tried it in both of our CD Rom players to no avail and adjusted every thing we could imagine on our computer that might help . There is NO help form The Learning Company for this product and even the online FAQs for this product are slim and nothing to help . We liked the game enough to buy another one in case it was the CD , to no avail . It permanently stops in the exact same spot in the game . It 's worse to enjoy a game only to be stopped in the middle than to have never tried it at all . We are operating an IBM Windows XP machine and set all the settings to what the installation info said is required .
 The box says that the program is intended for PC and Mac users . We loaded it and it never worked for our Mac . Talking with friends , this is not an uncommon complaint . Sigh . At least we 'll save money by not buying this series in the future !
 I have recently switched over from PC to Mac . I have been digital scrapbooking on windows for years . I also use Photoshop Elements and bought that as well . I think this IRemember software was a waste of money . It does not come with any user manual only online help . The online tutorial is for using a template that is already made not a custom scrapbook page . I have been working at this for about 5 hours in total and still do n't have one page done . This software is NOT user friendly . I even sent an email today looking for a user guide and got a system error when trying to send the emal from there contact us link.I would n't spend the money on this again . Your better off with photoshop elements because that is actually easier to use than this software . I will probably look around for something further for the clip art but am disappointed that I wasted the money on this . Also , I am a software QA analyst .
 Having used other digital scrapbooking programs for a PC , I was really excited to try this one for our new iMac . It was n't at all what I was expecting . I am extremely disappointed in the templates and the graphics/backgrounds that are available . The pages look cartoonish and overly simplistic -- not at all what I could create using the other program I have for the PC . If this thing had a money back guarantee , I would get mine back !!
 Just finished looking over the clip art , very limited . Seems like pages will be very amateurish !
 After using Printmaster , this just does not measure up . One of the most convoluted setups I have ever seen . NOT user friendly . Mine is going in the trash .
 I have been wanting to scrapbook for so long so I decided to finally get something . Loving Mac computers I thought iRemember would be the best option . I was wrong !! I 'm not great at computers but I am not completely stupid either and I had a very hard time with this . I made some very nice pages that I really liked but it took me so long to do it that I did n't enjoy it much . The clip art sounds like you would get a lot but all you get is a bunch of the same thing in every color imaginable . The layouts are really not that exciting I did n't want to use any of them . I wish I would have saved my money and waited for something better .
 By the time you figure this program out you could have learned HML . I ` m other word it not a very good easy to understand format where you can just start using it right away . I gave up wasting my time on it . . I have seen a few hosting services that have easy to understand templates that are very well formatted and easy to manipulate , but you really got to look around unfortunately . Maybe I 'll just serch simple html code `` basic easy html ...
 I think that this `` web easy 5 '' software sucks , the link thing did not work either , it kept opening it up in new windows ! It really sucks , I am getting web editor 6.0 !
 I bought this program in hopes of building an online presense with ecommerce capabilities . I was frustrated with the inflexibility of the program . It does not easily navigate to the functions that you need . The user manual is very little help , and although writen short and to the point , it does not give detailed descriptions . I had to fool around with the site for several hours to begin to understand the inner workings of it . Once it was learned on my own , I was able to use it , but was not exactly user friendly . It comes with enormous amounts of templates , backgrounds and clip art , only to take up so much room on your computer , and the templates were honestly very ugly and unusable for an impressionable website . The only benefit I gained , was that saw how the drag and drop programs work and the neat way it handled the paypal functions . Out of the thousands of things availabe on the program , I could only find two things I liked and that is sad.I highly recommend to either ask others for recommendations , or use a free website builder program . Also , I think from now on , I may opt to choose a trial period with software before a purchase . I could not get my money back after I found out how horrible of a program it was-which was totally understandable considering most software is not refundable . I navigated the companies website for trial download and they do n't offer them . It is no wonder . They perhaps know how horrible this program is , and know they will make the money by not offering the trial . Please reconsider other website building software with better performance and better templates and options that you will be proud of when you finish making your website .
 I tried both of these programs to no avail , even after reading extensively their online `` detailed '' instructions . Both of these programs are a virtual nightmare and the interface is so badly designed , even an experienced webmaster would have much difficulty figuring it all out . There are almost NO instructions while working with it , and the horribly annoying little pop ups that appear when you 're trying to figure out HOW to do a simple task also tell you NOTHING about HOW to do the task . I have never seen a program so erractic and confusing like this before ! Absolutely the worst designed program , do n't waste your time or money unless you want to rip your hair out trying to decipher it .
 These people should not be allowed to advertise their product using the word `` easy '' . Yes , their web site design is fairly easy once you catch on to it , but do n't expect the manual to be of much help . It assumes you are an expert to begin with and does n't define terms very well , so plan on doing a lot of guessing and experimenting . The really hard part is getting your site published . After several unsuccessful tries -LRB- WebEasy congratulates me and says my site has been published successfully , but when I go to look at it , it says the site has not been uploaded properly -RRB- and after an e-mail from their `` help desk '' that started out by saying `` What you should try is ... '' , I gave up . I needed help from them . I can try things myself . I do n't need their experts guessing at what might work.I finally decided the frustration was n't worth it and got another program . In good conscience , I could never recommend WebEasy to anyone .
 Be ready to get advice via email and google . You wont be able to talk to a live person EVER !! V-Com -LRB- owners -RRB- will not let you talk to anyone over the phone regarding any of their software .
 I am a professional software and web developer with more than 15 years working in the field . I recently helped a friend with a site built with Web Easy Professional 5.0 , which is a WYSIWYG HTML-generating software that saves your site in a proprietary data file . I was truly horrified by the quality of the HTML and other code generated by this software ; its broken code does not validate and is not browser compatible . -LSB- For the web savvy
 We just got this and have only played for a short time , but it seems like the game expects the child to KNOW all of the math concepts the game is based on , and does n't actually TEACH it to them if they do n't . I do n't need a game that is more exercises -LRB- @ # $ % * & # public school ! -RRB- , I need something that will lead my child through learning how to solve the problems , and hopefully in a fun way.The link between the activities required to discover clues and the clues themselves is weak . The first time we found a clue , we were helping a yak herder set up fences -LRB- finding area -RRB- . Once we completed the exercise , the clue was
 System requirements from back of case
 The description of the product written by the seller says it works on Windows 2000 but it does not . On the back of the actual CD packaging , it only says it works on Windows Vista/XP , Me , 98 .
 This software very flawed - - ran into same problems as other reviewer
 This is one of the worst pieces of software I have purchased so far for my preschoolers . The Sesame Street CD has 20 pages ! of credits that you MUST watch just to exit the program . Believe me , I tried every exit button I could think of to bypass them . What is with that ? Just exit the program already . It is worse than a video , at least you can turn that off . The Dr Seuss CD has only 1 ` game ' and it is just the Dr Seuss Alphabet book on the computer screen . Nothing new there for my kids and I would never call it a game . Granted , I have only gone through these two so far , but if they are any indication , I will be taking this sucker back tomorrow .
 In Sesame Street Toddler , the sound will not function after the opening credits . The packaging states that it is compatible with Win2000 SP4 , yet the FAQ on the distributor site says that this is a known problem with Win2000 SP4 . Without sound the software is useless.I have n't tried the other software in this package , perhaps one of the others will make it worth the price . Certainly this CD title is a coaster .
 As with so many other older programs , this one does not fully work with Vista . The most annoying aspect was that I bought this program specifically to do transparent backgrounds , a feature that does n't work with Vista . Other than that , it seemed like a nice program , and I would have loved it if I still used XP .
 The Gimp is a free program that is offered as `` open Source '' , which means that other companies or people CAN modify the source code , and sell it as their own , as long as they give credit to The Gimp . From what I see here , this is not even modified , but they did add some extra plug ins on the CD . The problem is that the plug ins can also be downloaded for free from the gimp users forum , and this is a very OLD version of the Gimp , and even the newest version crashes on my Vista computer.HOWEVER , the written manual that came with it was ALMOST worth the money . It was less than $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , but I felt very cheated , although , I think that this is an old product that is being sold from companies that just happen to have bought the old stock . I know that Avenquest is not selling it anymore , and maybe the plug ins that were on the CD were not available when it came out . The manual has 2004 as the publishing date.I guess if you are running XP or even Windows 98 , and do n't want to take the time to download the plug ins -LRB- it does take hours to go through them all , download and install them correctly -RRB- , and want a good written manual on how to use the program and even write your own plug ins , than it would be worth the money . You can always update to the newest version of The Gimp , but I do n't know if the plug ins would work . There are 452 pages of books on The Gimp , and it is a VERY GOOD PROGRAM , but it does have a steep learning curve like photoshop . In fact it is very comparable , if you take the time to download plug ins , and use the forum . If you are going to spend the money though , I would get a good book that includes a cd with plug ins , and download the Gimp yourself . Here are a few : Beginning GIMP
 Wow ... I should have heeded the warning of that other 1-star review.Let me give you some background on what I was looking for . I started out with `` Instant Immersion '' Chinese audio cd 's from my local bookstore . I did n't like not being able to SEE the word I was pronouncing and it was very frustrating . I wanted to be able to read and learn , not just regurgitate.Next I picked up a Living Language audio cd Chinese set . This time it had a book to go with it . It 's pretty cool and I learned a lot very quickly through the book and the cd 's . But I thought ... there must be a really good CD-ROM out there to help someone learn Chinese . Searching through the Internet I found a cool flashcard program . You could select a category -LRB- restaurant , animals , numbers , etc. -RRB- and it would show you a flashcard of pin yin or hanzi for you to type in the `` english '' . If you got it wrong you click and it shows you the English . It drills it into your head very well and I liked it a lot.Well , I thought that was a start , but there must be something really interactive and amazing out there . I clicked through the pages of Amazon to find one ... skipping all of the `` immersion '' ones and found this . Tell Me More Chinese.It sounded really good . It had interactive quizzes , crosswords ... lots of interesting bits . And an intriguing voice recognition technology to make sure you are pronouncing properly ... with a microphone included!Okay ... so I 've spent the last couple of hours playing with it and it did n't take me long to get that sinking feeling ... that I just blew $ 175 bucks on something I 'll never use again.The reason , as the other review here alludes to ... is that there is no instruction !!! You boot it up and you can basically do 2 things right away . You can look at a very long list of seemingly random Chinese words -LRB- no `` wo '' or `` ni '' or anything that would make sense to learn immediately -RRB- . What you do is repeat the word into the microphone after you hear it . The program gives you a score . This gets very boring ... very quickly.Next are the activities . Well ... they did n't seem available for level 1 . Hmm . Okay , so I 'll click on dialogues . They give you a word in pinyin , with the audio , and you have 3 pinyin choices to match it up with . The only problem is ... there has been no instruction for you to be able to know what ANY of the words mean ! It 's like going into a language course and on the first day being given a long quiz to answer . There is no point . I know nothing ! TEACH ME SOMETING ! So eventually I realized that if you click an American flag icon at the bottom of the screen then the pin yin converts to English . Only problem with this is that the original word ... and the 3 answers ... do n't match up to my mind ! An example ... I was given a word that meant `` enemy '' ... and my three options were `` drawing '' , `` chrysanthemum '' , or `` to break '' . My first question would be ... what does a drawing , a chrysanthemum or breaking have to do with `` enemy '' ? And for another thing ... why are any of these words at all relevant to A BEGINNER LEARNING CHINESE !?!!?!?!?!!!??? Next I moved on to the `` Resources '' section . It has a glossary ... basically a Chinese/English dictionary with clickable audio . Neat . Also it has a grammar section with lessons . FINALLY ... I 'll be able to learn something . So I clicked on the `` numbers '' section . Well , it does give you the numbers one to nine , and then quickly moves to very large numbers . The problem is it gives you incredibly difficult and long example sentences such as `` This stadium has a capacity of 35,000 people . `` Which if you want to know , in Chinese looks like this : `` Zhe ge tiyuchang keyi rogna sanwanwuqian wei guanzhong . `` Umm ... sure . Why the hell is that in a section for beginners ? And why is that the VERY FIRST THING YOU LEARN !?!!?!!??!??!?? Nothing about this program makes any sense . It seems to me like they just came up with a voice recognition technology and quickly slapped together a bunch of crap around it , boxed it up , and sold it to unsuspecting people like me.My search for a half-decent `` Learn Chinese '' CD-ROM continues ... in the meantime I 'll go back to my Living Language audio cd 's and coursebook .
 This software is basically a series of exercises . I 'm sure it 's great if you are working in a classroom setting towards Chinese proficiency , but it 's basically a $ 175 paper weight -LRB- and free headphone / microphone -RRB- if you do n't already have a good basic knowledge of the chinese language.The exercises themselves seem pretty good -- nice layout , easy to understand , and generally pretty useful . The fatal flaw though remains the lack of instruction . The software functions much more effectively as a series of quizzes than as a tool to improve one 's ability.For the record , I speak three languages fluently . If I may be so bold , I do n't think that it 's operator error .
 I have to agree with the longest review here . About 18 months ago we bought this prior to our Asia trip . It was nearly incomprehensible before we left , and I convinced myself I was missing something or was impatient . After our return and several hours of `` discovery '' as described by others it was clear level 1 has no guided instruction to speak of.We 're going back to Asia , and I found myself today looking for a deal on Rosetta Stone or Fluenz . That 's when I was reminded by that burning in my gut for having paid retail for this product . It makes me mad because we 've dropped about $ 400 on this and other tools to this point and there is a severe lack of methodology , so let me point people to the closest , most informed thing I 've discovered related to Chinese instruction . On the web site `` doubting to shua '' you will find a lot of discussion of Chinese instruction products.I may try Rosetta Stone , but I am really beginning to believe an online college course is going to be the only thing with satisfactory structure for someone who wants to speak and read . I will say Pimsleur 's cheap level one -LRB- 8 disc , 16 lesson -RRB- introduction has been the best learning tool so far . We are 100 % on the four tonal influences after that . I was also able to get us onto the correct bus in Taipei as a result . Native speakers ca n't always succeed getting the right bus.Fortunately , China is the largest English speaking country in the world , and they treat you like a rock star when you earnestly attempt to communicate in Chinese . To be fair I 'm , going to do what I should have done 18 months ago . I 'm going to write Tell Me More and find out if there is an update with guidance . If there was some guidance I believe this could be the best product out there . At the same time I also ca n't figure out what the three images have to do with the word you are matching . I was pretty successful in the first Myst trilogy and I do nothing but problem solving for a living , but I could n't break the code on this product.Maybe this is a test and NSA is going to pop up with a giant signing bonus and license to kill for the first person to decipher this product . If so , it probably wo n't be me because I 'll be hiring a personal tutor and going to language school when we go back to Asia .
 Fortunately , I paid a lot less for my version . The descriptions give by the other reviewers sound very familiar . I am at the intermediate level and my complaint is the paucity of content . It took me very little time to exhaust , and thus memorize , all of the games , etc. . I felt cheated as well .
 First let me say that the reason I selected Tell Me More as my Mandarin language program was because of the good experience I 've had with their German program . But this ... this is just a disaster . Unworkable , clunky , unhelpful . I 've never thought of `` Tell Me More '' as a cry for help one might shout when running one of their programs , but that was my situation . I looked at this thing a hundred different ways , thinking I must be missing SOMETHING . Alas , it 's just a poorly designed program unworthy of stealing , let alone purchase .
 I wish I could give this product a good review , but it would have to run on my computer in order for me to do that . If you have Vista beware . The customer service folks tried to help , but they finally gave up . I asked a few questions that would allow me to do it manually , but they ignored those and pointed me in totally worthless directions.They finally offered me a refund , but I have n't taken them up on it yet . I was able to run on my office PC running XP . I copied the disk to a thumb drive and then burned a DVD on my own computer . That ran , but did not install correctly , and I do n't think their customer service people are that technically savvy to be able to help.In the the areas that I could get to run , I noticed the people speaking were using Taiwanese versions of Mandarin , not Beijing as I was expeting .
 This is one of the worst products I 've ever purchased . The first time I ran the software it gave me no instruction on what to do next . I fumbled around a clumsy user interface for about an hour . There were lists of words to say but it did n't tell me what they meant . Nor did it tell me why I was saying them or even how long I should say them . You would do just as well as purchasing a Chinese newspaper and attempt to read it for a while . At least the pictures would make more sense .
 A note about the `` look and feel '' of this software . When I loaded the software , I felt like I had been transported back into the 80 's . Installation messages about graphics modes . Unsophisticated/flat graphics . No installation mode that allows the software to be run without the CDROM -LRB- so forget running out of the box on a laptop without a CDROM -RRB- . If it were free , or maybe even $ 20 or $ 30 , OK . But this for close to $ 200 ?
 This software is not mac OSX compatible . It comes with two CDs with Windows software , and a DVD .
 If you are planning on using this program to copy your new DVD 's that you just bought at the store to your ipod 's or psp 's you might want to consider a different program . This program , although it says it will , it most definitely will not transfer your Hollywood DVD 's to your ipod or psp . It will not decode the DVD 's in order to transfer them to your ipod or psp . If it is a Hollywood DVD , which most of my DVD 's are , then it most likely will not even let you try to transfer the DVD because of the fact that the DVD is encoded . I highly recommend not buying this program .
 In the past I 've had good luck with Roxio software ; based on this I purched Easy DVD Copy 2 . There is nothing easy about this software . Doing anything requires a lot of trial and error . I did manage to sucessfully copy the movie from a dual layer DVD to a single layer DVD+R but this took all evening for me to figure out . I tried copying video files of various types to my PSP ; the option to copy to a portable device stays grayed out for most video types . It gives you the option to copy movies on DVD to your PSP but regardless of which options you choose on the PSP I get `` This video can not be played '' when I attempt to watch it . The Cine DVD player that came with this is nicer than the one that came on my PC ; this is the only nice thing I can say about this package . I got my copy from a local retailer for $ 26 but even at that price it is n't worth it .
 This software is so much older -LRB- more dated -RRB- than the Jumpstart Kindergarten and Jumpstart 1st grade I had previously purchased for my child . Total bogus .
 We ordered both 4-6th grade Jumpstart and this Jumpstart Advanced 3rd grade . The 4-6th grade works great , but this one -LRB- 3rd grade advanced -RRB- freezes up two computers used for games . Both have Windows versions listed as compatible . Sending back .
 I was disappointed ... the games glitch and have problems on my computer . I also thought these were like Jumpstart World ; however , I have found out this is incorect . There 's no way to track the child 's progress . I used Jumpstart World PreK - Second Grade as an assessment tool for homeschooling . This is just a bunch of games and while it may be educational there 's no real motivation for the child to continue like in JS World . Just was n't what I expected . I wish they had made some note that this is not Jumpstart World ... that may have made the whole `` negative '' experience less , because I would have realized that they were just games for kids to play .
 I would NOT buy this product at all . They have no product support that will efficiently help you . I have left 6 messages over the last week to 3 different locations and have not gotten a return phone call . I have written 3 emails to seperate people and have not gotten a return email . If you will require product support this is not the product to buy .
 If you like cheap movie editing software that crashes and burns , this product is for you ! Unfortunately I bought this product at Best Buy since it was on sale for $ 20 without seeing any reviews first . Big Mistake ! It crashed on install . It crashes when selecting various options . The customer support is TERRIBLE . Their Website is terrible ! I have a pretty high tech machine so I know it is not my computer . I 've got all the latest drivers and downloaded their useless patch . I think I will move up to Sony 's Vegas Movie Studio . I have seen a lot of good reviews on that product ! For now it might be back to Windows Movie Maker . To bad you can not return opened software . DO NOT BUY THIS !! You 'll be sorry .
 Bought this product based on my total disgust with two other programs which I felt did n't give me enough power in editing . As it turns out , despite the number of tools available with this product , it is incredibly frustrating and non-intuitive . The manual is useless and the help files equally as unhelpful . The program is highly crash prone and the quality of the finished product is shoddy . Buyer beware !
 Readers please use common sense , read how many bad reviews have been made on this product that should not be allowed to be sold to the naive buying public . Just like a hoover is meant to suck things up , like a battery is meant to give power & like a car is meant to drive , movie edit pro is meant to make movies ... but it ca n't even get that little thing right ! This is a product that is specialised by the very best of the best & they ca n't even make something do what it is supposed to do!Put it this way , I have had movie edit pro for 1 year now , you know how many movies I 've made ? try zero , because all the bad reviews are correct , it is crash prone , you try uploading a homemade dvd & its `` not responding '' , you have no choice but to close it . you ca n't email them for a solution because they do n't have a helpline , so you 're just stuck with a pointless software on your computer . WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY ! DO SOME RESEARCH BEFORE YOU BUY , BUT WHATEVER YOU DO , DO NOT BUY THIS OR ANYTHING FROM MAGIX !
 I was impressed when I found a manual in the box . However , the manual is basically useless ! The software package is not intuitive . The web page offers no solutions to any of the problems I encountered . The online help offers a little more but not enough . And who likes reading the Windows online help utility?Problems ? Well I did not encounter any crashes , the installation went fine including upgrading from the web site . I have a good system , Dell 3.2 Ghz machine with 1gb RAM , 300gb HD . I imported 1 hour of video from a DVD I recorded with my DVD recorder . For some reason , it will only play 2 minutes and 30 seconds of it even though it loaded the whole file . An attempt to add chapter separations took 3 hours . This is not at all explained in the manual . Simple once you figure it out . I imported other DVD movie files and the picture jitters . I tried all combinations of interlacing settings as some help pointers mentioned only to find they did nothing to correct the problem . So its back to the store - see if I can get store credit or something . Its a shame as it seems this could be a really nice product . Its unusable in my opinion . RESEARCH BEFORE YOU BUY !!!
 It 's not easy to use and their technical support sucks .
 I do not recommend purchasing Magix products.I bought this software because my video camera records in Dolby 5.1 surround and the Magix packaging claimed it supported surround sound . After unsuccessfully burning DVD 's with surround sound -LRB- in fact there was NO digital audio -RRB- , I contacted customer support who told me the surround sound supported is not the Dolby standard and is only supported by a few DVD brands . When I attempted to get a refund due to inadequate packaging , they preferred to argue with me rather than support me.Fortunately , the retailer agreed with me and provided the refund -LRB- thanks Amazon !!! -RRB- I am now using Sony Vegas Platinum 7 and it does everything I need .
 On the face of it , you would think this software might well suit your average video editor with all the features listed - but you 'd be wrong . This user found it to be full of bugs , mistranslated onscreen instructions and VERY prone to crashing.As others have noted , Magix Support is non-existent . They prefer to blame your system rather than tackle the problems of their own software . Plus they do not refund !
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!! It is un-stable . It is terrible . It only has 16 tracks compared to Adobe Premiere Elements 3.0 's Unlimited amount.I bought Magix because it supposedly had very funny motifs and could do green screen work . And I wanted to make movies and put them on DVD.It took NINE HOURS to burn a TWENTY-MINUTE movie . I had no choice but to burn it overnight , and because of that I had to turn off all of my screensavers.The chroma keying was terrible . Just plain terrible , I ca n't begin to describe it.And when you register your magix product , you get SWAMPED with hundreds of e-mails a month !!! And there was also the codec problem that it had ... There was only one thing I liked about this program , and that was the funny motifs . It is worth buying it for that purpose only , but other than that , it 's terrible.And also the rendering took FOREVER . It took 50 minutes to render a SEVEN MINUTE movie !!!! Just do not buy this program . Get Adobe Premiere Elements 3.0 , a much more powerful piece of software .
 I would not advise anyone to use this software . Before buying MEP 11 , I tried to get a hold of their support people and ask if it was compatible with Win2K WHICH IS STILL SUPPORTED BY MICROSOFT . I could not get an answer.IT IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH Win2K ! Yet the software goes ahead and installs , regardless . WHY ? If Magix knows it does n't work with Win2K JUST HAVE THE SOFTWARE REFUSE TO INSTALL ! Instead one is left pouring over their system looking for a problem , wasting much time . One is thinking that their system is the problem , when it is really just a matter of deception by omission by Magix and Amazon.MEP is NOT compatible with anything other than WinXP !!! Look above on this page and see if that fact is even mentioned . It is not !!! Secondly , after pouring over their knowledge base I saw that one should not be using anything above DirectX 8.x . This is bunk ! Any new drivers or MultiMedia Center from ATI require DirectX 9.x . Magix brags how they support only M$ codecs , but refused to support M$ Win2K or DirectX 9 . Both are still supported by M$ . These clowns will not get any more of my money . Who cares if it is cheap if it wo n't work ! I will stick with Nero 6 . If there was a zero star rating , I would have chosen it .
 It is a piece of junk . Hard to use , booklet is not useful , takes long time to burn , cost lot of money to get help on the phone and web help not awailable most of time . Once you buy it you are on your on . Buy something which work and has good support from company . DO NOT BUY .
 I could only load two out of the three disks and the main disk was n't able to load after two attempts . I am going to return the product .
 This could have been a nice typing program except for the fact that it needs to access the CD frequently . Everytime it accesses the CD , the program stalls so that when you are typing , the letters do n't appear on the screen . When you re-type the letters , the previous letters would then appear , resulting in redundancy which counts as typos . It gets frustrating .
 Of 3 Discs , 2 wo n't load at all and main application only runs with program CD loaded in drive . It 's like a flash back to 1984 when you had to run program from floppy disc drive . May be better on Windows but on Mac it 's a complete waste of $ 20 and 2 hours .
 This program is terrible . The music during the phonics section is too loud and it is difficult to hear the pronunciation of the letters . The games either shove the user through w/o learning or the interface is so difficult that your child wont be able to figure out what the game wants . As for the `` satisfaction guarantee '' that is on the box it doesnt include shipping so you 'll be out 25 % of your purchase price or worse . AVOID !
 I think this program would be great , but it kept freezing up , made multiple copies of the same picture some how , and the categorization of pictures did n't seem to make sense.I think it definitely has potential , but needs a little fine tuning .
 We ordered this product to make a slideshow for our wedding . I do n't know if we got a bad program or not , we were unable to add music to it like we should 've been we got errors and it closed the program out . We send it to the manufactor for a refund .
 This soft ware had a big build up but my computer came with photo software on it , poor product .
 After reading a review in PC Magazine -LRB- I 'm a subscriber -RRB- , I bought V-com 's `` Fix-It Utilities Pro '' version 6 because I read a review that said it 's great at cleaning up my PC 's registry . -LRB- I 'm using Windows XP Home Edition . -RRB- Well , it cleaned things out , all right . After using the registry and file `` cleanup '' utilities in this program , all the programs I use on a daily basis , like Word , Excel , Outlook , and Powerpoint , were ALL crippled in one way or another . I had to reinstall them all to get back to some level of normalcy.But that is n't the end of the problems this program has caused . It also removed almost all of the programs from the `` Add/Remove Programs '' dialog box in the Windows Control Panel , so that I ca n't even cleanly remove this program.My recommendation is that you avoid this program at all costs . There 's an old adage that says , `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . '' Well , even if you think your PC is broken , use anything other than `` Fix-it Utilities '' to try to maintain or fix your PC .
 I have had this software for about a week . At first , it seemed to be working like it was advertised . I keep my computer maintained anyway so I did n't see huge performance help . However , when I ran the registry cleaner , it did something to my computer for which I had to go back to a prior windows restore point . I was so frustrated with trying to solve the problem that I have not reinstalled the software . Personally , I think there has to be better software out there . I do n't have a lot of experience with other utilities but I have tried TuneUp Utilities 2006 . It seems to be better suited for PC Maintenance and especially the touchy registry cleaner issues . TuneUp did not mess up my registry and has a better user interface . My overall opinion of this software is to look elsewhere .
 I bought this software two days ago , Installed it on my laptop and all of a sudden , my network connection was messed up . I could not figure how to connect to the wireless or wired network . My other computers were still able to connect , so it was a problem with the computer with Fix It installed . After much work , I finally uninstalled the software and right away was able to get back on the network . I am not sure if there is some kind of firewall setting with the software , or if it was just the software itself.Anyway , I am unsure whether to reinstall this software or not .
 I ran Fix-It utilities on a fairly clean , fast PC and , as soon as it went through it 's general scan and fix-it routine , the machine slowed to a crawl and the internet connection -LRB- DSL -RRB- no longer worked . Using Windows System Restore , I was able to bring the machine back to where it had been.I thought , perhaps it was the machine , so I tested it on another fast PC at another location and exactly the same thing happened ... no internet connection and a number of applications not functioning . Again , System Restore saved the day.Evidently This utility is a bit overzealous in cleaning the registry files and it left us with a number of non-working applications . I am returning it immediately -LRB- the first return to Amazon -RRB- . Obviously , I am not a company flack writing a glowing review .
 Do n't buy this software even if you get it free after rebates . It corrupts your windows registry and makes things worse for you . You will feel your computer is far better after uninstalling this software.Instead , just follow these steps to keep your PC fast :1 . Run Disk Cleanup -LRB- provided by XP -RRB- 2 . Defrag your hard-disk regularly3 . Clean the registry -LRB- there are lot of free software available to clean your registry -RRB- . That 's all that you need to keep your computer fit . No need to use softwares such as Fix-IT
 This software might be recommended if better utilities were n't out there . This one gives the user a sense of security , but when my system crashed , Fix-It could n't . I dutifully put in the Rescue Disk , booted up on it , restored my earlier system , exited and rebooted.Nothing . Before I 'd been able to get into safe mode , but now nothing . So when I manually restored my system , guess which program got yanked ? And it freed up a lot of system resources , too . -LRB- Had I known how much before , that alone would have soured me . -RRB- My system now runs faster and does n't lag while typing.Another small criticism
 I installed the program in my laptop and the unistall , backup , and transport programs did not work . I had to email a file to the company and they sent me a new driver by email . The program worked . Then I installed the program in my desktop . Same problem except the new driver did not work on my desktop . So now I have to email the company again so that they can design a new driver . What a pain in the ____ . It would be great the program did everything it said it would . But it does n't work . I 'm running a Toshiba latop on XP with a Pentium M chip and a Dell desktop with XP with a Pentium 4 . There is no excuse for the program not working . Note that I also bought the software for my Dad who loaded his copy into his laptop and the same problem occurred . Do not buy this product .
 I installed the product hoping it would help me with all the errors I was getting -LRB- I have Windows XP -RRB- . Well , 2 weeks and $ 200 it 's what it took for me to have my computer repaired . It would not let me log on to windows , I got errors I 've never seen and it completely messed all my files . BIG waste of money . I had to re-format my hard drive and my computer is only 1 month old !!!
 Purchased Fix-It Utilities 6 a few weeks back and installed it on my desk top running Windows XP . Immediately after installation I ran the program and repaired only the minimum errors as recommended . However , many programs on my computer would not run and could not access many files . Called VCOM for help , but their solution did not work . I was even unable to get system restore to correct the problem . I had to re-format my hard drive and re-install all my programs and files . I can not recommend this registry repair .
 Do n't buy this unless you have an older version of windows os and plan on using that forever . IT WILL NOT WORK WITH VISTA or WINDOWS 7 . The company will not provide a patch either . They are only interested in getting you to upgrade to their newest version for thousands of dollars .
 That 's what you 'll need to do if you run this program . I could n't connect to the update website . It hijacked my E-mail changing it to MSN from earthlink , and wiped out necessary windows files . Undoing the deletions did no good and every subsequent boot locked on a `` program not responding '' . The final straw was when my e-mail got stuck in an `` error report '' loop.Un-installing did no good , hence the re-format . Apparently , others have had better luck . You pays your money and you take your chances .
 With hopes that I could interface my GPS315 with my pc and store trips that I had taken as well as set up my unit for new trips I ordered the DataSend software . I was quite dissapointed to find that it is ONLY a compilation of waypoints -LRB- landmarks as Magellan calls them -RRB- . You can only put the landmarks into the GPS . It lacks the capability of storing data FROM the GPS which is very important for finding fishing spots or recording previous trips . I have found another product that I hope can do that -LRB- DataTrack -RRB- but thats not available on Amazon . Additionally the maps are not detailed enough to plan a trip . I wish I could return this product .
 This program does n't add any useful features to your GPS . It allows you to add things like ATM 's , gas stations , etc. ; all of which you would be able to find on the highway without using your GPS.In other words , do n't waste your time .
 Do n't waste your money on this dumb , useless product .
 After I installed this , the computer freezes on startup and I could n't even shut down properly . The CPU utilisation shows 100 % all the time.I finally removed the Spyware Doctor from the system , and now the computer is back to normal.I am very disappointed with this product.Not sure if its because I also have a Norton Antivirus on my system.If anyone has found the solution , appreciate if they can share
 I wish I had read the reviews more carefully before purchasing this item . Almost the day it was installed , we started having problems . The computer would freeze anytime an application was opened . We could n't use Microsoft Outlook or Internet Explorer without turning off the Spyware Doctor . It used so much memory , there was no room for any application to run . Even turned off , it somehow seemed to be creating problems . The computer was freezing frequently and I could n't even shut down properly . I finally removed the Spyware Doctor from the system completely , and now the computer is back to normal . Spyware Doctor is going in the trash .
 I purchased the spyware doctor software and the registery mechanic software last week . the charge showed up on my credit card but i have never received a registration number email . when i used their system to send them my problem , i heard nothing . there is no phone number to call when the web report does n't work . so i am here with a product on my computer i can not use because it is not registered and i do not know how to reach a real person at this company.A product is only as good as its support system . This one is not good .
 I must mention that I downloaded spyware doctor starter edition from google as part of the google pack . I also use Live Onecare , and while I am no fan of Microsoft , it has yet to let me down . The program conflicts with Live Onecare and doubles start up time . I have four PC 's and following the download , everyone one showed suspect programs . I was suspicious . Much of what was found however , were tracking cookies . I view these as harmless . However , I found Trojan : win32/Agent . Since every time I ran spyware doctor it did a system restore , I suspect that is how the file got in system restore . Live OneCare appeared to not remove it and would find it at every reboot . I did a complete scan , and created a restore point after the Trojan was removed . Then I did a disk cleanup and removed all but the most recent restore point . I was assisted by Microsoft . Why pay $ 29.00 for something when you can pay $ 49.99 or at Circuit City get Live Onecare for as little as $ 19.95 and put it on three computers . Say what u want , but it fixed a problem that spyware doctor did not . I do not want to think that a company would download malware to sell their product , however , I had to do a system restore on all four machines to the point prior to the installation of spyware doctor which is gone , like Amelia Earhart . Overpriced , use Live Onecare .
 Hi . So pleased to read that others have had problems with this product . Was n't too bad to begin with a year ago , although it did seem to slow things down quite a bit and take AGES for my pc to boot.But it 's got worse & worse over time . My pc freezes constantly , whether I 'm opening a webpage or just a Word document & I have to wait anythin from 1 - 3 minutes for it to continue . Drives me mad ! -LRB- And makes me laugh when they say above that it runs in the background without interferring with anything . -RRB- Just recently I had to use my pc for an important PP presentation -LRB- plus music -RRB- for a show in the West End . I deleted Spyware Doctor coz I was n't gon na be usin the internet and the whole thing ran fantastically fast & perfect . Afterwards , I reinstalled it and ... here we go again ... slow , slow , slow.My pc has actually closed down 3 times on its own accord and when I rebooted , it says it is `` recovering from a critical error '' . The report that comes back always says that it is due to Spyware Doctor.But it 's good at preventing/removing viruses so I am afraid to delete it.What to do !?!
 Spyware Doctor is a total waste of money . System kept rebooting after download of software . No one to call -LRB- should have told us something right there and they wo n't return emails -RRB- . Registry Mechanic and AVG Internet Security by the same folks . Save yourself time and money buy something , anything else . I am staying away from their other `` AVG '' ie . . Internet Security , products as well . They say good for 3 systems but do n't bother trying to load . Besides throwing your system into the gutter you ca n't reinstall after you reload your operating system-don ' t care what the box says .
 I have used norton and panda in the past and recently downloaded spyware doctor after it cleaned a virus that panda was n't able to clean on my boyfriends ' PC . I thought this was a better program . WHOA ! WAS I WRONG!The following things happened on mine with windows XP
 Version 4 was excellent.Version 5 is currently a disaster - load it at your peril .
 In the instruction pamphlet under Scan Tools , there is a list of what the program scans.One of the functions is a Registry Scanner -- `` This is a fast scanner that analyzes the Windows Registry for traces of known malware . `` The bottom line -- I have an infected registry which was discovered by my antivirus program and the Spyware Doctor does n't know it 's there . I do keep Spyware Doctor up to date.I 'm still looking for an effective spyware application .
 < A quick check of the pctools website shows that pctools are still up to the same tricks so I have copied my review of the 2006 product . Buyer beware , if you sign up with them they will auotmatically charge your credit card next year without asking you first . How do you like them apples ? Try finding that piece of information on the website though > Review of the 2006 version . --------------------------- First of all I downloaded and purchased this product about a year ago while trying to diagnose and fix an infected PC belonging to someone in my family . I am sure you know the deal . Giant crisis , everything needs to get fixed ASAP or the world will come to an end shortly . This product -LRB- incidentally -RRB- DID NOT MANAGE TO FIX the problems with that PC but that is not the reason I am here writing a One-Star review -LRB- ZERO-Star reviews are not a permitted choice , more 's the pity -RRB- . After all Adaware , the Microsoft Spyware removal tool as well as Spybot Search and destroy were all unable to fix that particular PC 's problems . I will not blame Spyware Doctor for being similarly stumped . Eventually I was able to rescue document files from that PC and then I needed to reinstall Windows from scratch beginning with a hard disk format -LRB- the joys of providing tech support to your extended family -RRB- . The company PCTools , says they are selling you the program and a one year subscription to the latest pattern files . WHAT THEY CAREFULLY MANAGE TO HIDE IS THAT YOU WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY ENROLLED AND YOUR CREDIT CARD WILL BE CHARGED EVERY YEAR unless you specifically go in and cancel the subscription . Remember that subscription the you never knew you signed up for ? Yeah , that 's the one you need to go in and cancel.This tasty morsel of information is hidden FAR FAR away from view in what looks like the end user license agreement . How many of us read those any more?One cancelled credit card later I am about to dispute the charge with the Credit card provider and it looks like PCTools tried to charge me before one full year had elapsed.STAY AWAY unless your idea of fun is reading through the fine print of a EULA .
 I usually use Adaware to scan my computer weekly , and like others , I would like to try the trial version Spyware Doctor to scan my computer . The result was , I had more than 200 infections ! I was amazed that my other virus scan programs did n't catch any of these infections , and my computer had been running properly . Of coz , I would like to remove these infections and so I paid with my creditcard and got the License No.After entering the License No . and Scanning , I continued to remove the infections that spyware doctor had caught . Before clickinig the remove button , I checked what I would delete and the files SEEMS OK to be deleted . I had to restart my computer in order to complete removing the infections . I clicked YES to restart.From then , my nightmare began , I could n't start my computer AT ALL !!! Not even displaying the loggin window ! My computer just kept restarting again and again . After 5 times restarting automatically , I smelled something burning from my computer !!! I was so scared becoz there are some important files that i have n't backup yet!Endup , I reformat my computer !!! I could n't login my old account again ! Now , I have a new administrator account and lost all the softwares that i orginally have . Luckily I was able to reinstall 70 % of the softwares -LRB- you got ta know the serial no . for most of the softwares are not working after reinstall , and that took me long time to find ways reinstalling them , and NOT all of them ! -RRB- Some of my important files could n't be opened again because I do n't have the softwares to open them!I was/am still so mad about this ! The spyware doctor removed my system operating files and that 's why i could n't restart my computer . Yet , i reinstalled spyware doctor again because I paid and only used it once . However , I could n't use it after reinstalling like other softwares . Even i followed the instruction online to reenter the licence no . that i purchased , it 's just simply not working -LRB- the website said i do n't have to repurchase and it should work ! -RRB- So i Paid $ 10 , only used the spyware doctor once , but I lost all other softwares that cost totally more than $ 400 !
 I recently purchased and installed four items of software from PC Tools
 Spyware Doctor came highly recommended to remove a pesky spam/malware message that kept popping up on my PC . Was highly rated by reputable publishers so I thought this was the way to go . It did remove the pesky pop-up spam , and supposedly found 192 other problematic issues on my computer . However ... the `` real-time '' protection seemed to bog down system resources . More importantly , my PC would n't recognize my external USB HDs -LRB- I have two WD Passports -RRB- after I installed Spyware Doctor . Additionally , the computer would freeze when I tried to use the USB HDs . Both worked fine prior to installing Spyware Doctor , and they worked on other PCs . A quick Google search confirmed I was not the only one with this problem , including a post on a reputable USB website -LSB- ... -RSB- . I tried `` disabling '' Spyware Doctor , but that did n't work . When I uninstalled Spyware Doctor , the problem was resolved . For some reason , Spyware Doctor causes a conflict with the drive letter assignments -LRB- or something of that nature -RRB- . PC Tools will have to fix this annoying bug or lose a customer .
 I agree 100 % with the criticisms I have seeen here . I found that , contrary to the salesman 's claims , it conflicted with Norton and completely froze my computer . When I installed it in safe mode , it worked -LRB- that is it scanned and so on -RRB- , but slowed my computer 's performance to the point where it took 10 minutes just to access my home page . Since it found no problems anyway , I have removed it and will not reinstall it .
 THE ONLY REASON IT HAS ONE STAR IS BECAUSE AMAZON WONT LET YOU GIVE IT NO STARS . I GIVE IT NO STARS!After our adaware program expired , we decided to give this program a try . So I downloaded it to both my husband and my computer . The program loaded , updated , and scanned . After both scans were done I tried to use the internet and Itunes on my computer and they both wouldnt open and the computer said they were corrupt . My second computer was the same way , but it also downloaded 2 antivirus programs , and 100 's of dirty videos which were embeded into the desktop when I would try to remove them the video would pop back up . I had to uninstall the program from both computers and now I am usig AVAST , and Lavasoft adaware . My husbands computer still doesnt run up to par and we are going to have to have it fixed . I feel like billing PCTools the amount to fix my computers . DONT BUY NOT WORTH THE TROUBLE IT GIVES YOU DONT BELIEVE PCTOOLS WHEN THEY SAY ITS THE BEST . ITS THE WORST !
 This product was great a few versions ago running on XP . However , I now run 6.0 and it takes up 70 % of my memory . I have 512MB installed . Now it wo n't uninstall , so I just wasted a day trying to get rid of it.They also auto renew ... what a scam.Brian
 OMG DO NOT buy this program . It will slow your computer to a crawl . There are free programs that work so much better.And they will trick you into `` auto renewing '' by not telling you that it 's a default setting -LRB- this should be illegal -RRB- and wo n't warn you , either . They 'll just keep sucking money out of your bank account every year , because they know that 's the only way they 'll ever get a repeat customer.And you also can not remove your bank account / credit card info from your PCTools account . They keep it , giving you NO CHOICE to remove it.CROOKS , IMO . Stay away .
 It used to work before version 5 , but now kills my PC . My only option was to restore to an earlier date . A '' . dll '' file was then missing and it would not automatically run - thank goodness . Version five point whatever is worse than junk . I was able to ` fix ' my PC by ` restore ' , and when I downloaded SD again , the same thing happened . I do n't need to download it a third time to prove to myself that is the problem . It killed the PC speed to almost nothing each time it was re-installed .
 I had used previous versions of Spyware Doctor for years without any major problems . I recently tried to install the 5.5 Upgrade and it resulted in a frozen screen , and hours of recovery efforts . You better know how to start your system in Safe Mode , and use Recovery Points when you try to install this mess . PC Tools does not respond to your service requests , and my Service Ticket has gone unanswered for a week . It 's like there is nobody at PC Tools to help . My advice is to stay away from this giant fiasco caused by Spyware Doctor 5.5 unless you want to practice your system recovery skills .
 As of March 25 I 'm having the same experience as others here
 Do not buy this product !!!! It 's a terrible product sold by an invisible company . You can not contact them . They will not respond . It will freeze-up your computer . You can not uninstall it . And the company will continue to charge our credit card . If you buy it , you 'll be sorry and do n't say that I did n't warn you !!!!
 Do not buy anything from PC Tools without understanding that there is a yearly auto renew included in the agreement . This web company just want to pick up your money . You should stay away from the PC Tools payment processor `` Element 5 '' too.This software is a bag of crabs , period . It slows your PC as you ca n't imagine and is impossible to completly remove without formating.Again Stay away.Good Luck .
 Spyware Doctor is a memory hog requiring over 100 megabytes on random access memory -LRB- RAM -RRB- . It caused all kinds of problems with my computer that resulted in my removing it and deleting it from my computer . In addition , PCTools continued to bill me for subsequent years .
 I really wish I would have read the reviews on here first . I honestly never even though to check here.I recently picked up a nastly little trojan on my laptop and decided I needed a new anti-virus/spyware program as McAfee did n't seem to be working too well anymore . After a quick search , Spyware Doctor 5 seemed to be a very viable option . I did the free scan and was quickly impressed that it picked up several issues I was n't even aware of . So , I paid $ 60 for two licenses and the included antivirus.Of the 9 issues it picked up , all but two were able to be completely wiped out . Sadly , the two that remain are my main problem and it 's not doing my any good . The system guard feature works wonderfully , but it 's amazingly invasive with the pop-ups on as one comes up every second due to one of the remaining issues trying to write to the registry . Adn there 's not an ingore button for a certain pop up , you have to turn them ALL off . Which leaves you rooting through a seemingly endless history log in order to find something if you need to.But , the biggest issue at hand , is the stability of the program and the amount of memory it uses . It was initially rather quick , but after no more than an hour had slowed my system down to a crawl . Reboots were taking almost 10 minutes for everything to load and function . Then , fast forward to this morning , and I ca n't even get on the internet.So here I sit , a sheep among the masses with the same complaint about the program . Add in the `` unadvertised '' recurrent billing to the very poor stability of the program , and once I get home this evening I 'll be asking PC Tools to give me their advertised `` satisfaction guarantee refund '' or I 'll be filing a dispute with my credit card company . And I 'm still left with this nastly little bug .
 Over the weekend -LRB- 9/15 AND 9/16 2007 -RRB- I have had to uninstall this product from multiple systems . The phone never stopped ringing . Apparently they put out a disasterous release within the last week or so . Could n't even turn the product off just had to uninstall .
 Well ... I totally loved Spyware Doctor 4.0 . It helped me get rid of a bunch of trojans I did n't know I had on my computer and had kept my computer clean as a whistle ever since . It put Spybot and Ad-Aware to shame.Earlier this week , I got a message from the Spyware Doctor program telling me to upgrade to the newest version , 5.0 . I dutifully downloaded it and installed it and ... everything went to heck in a handbasket.First the Smart Update on Spyware Doctor would n't work -- and it had to update itself , according to the installation instructions . Then my Internet went dead -- just could n't access anything online . Then everything on my computer slowed to a crawl . My taskbar and desktop icons kept disappearing and reappearing for long stretches until my computer finally froze . I had to hit my power button to turn it off , then turn it back on . My computer was able to successfully get into Windows -- I got the `` welcome '' screen and everything -- but all I saw was my desktop wallpaper . Bye bye , taskbar . Bye bye , desktop icons . And bye bye , Task Manager -LRB- the window you get when you do a ctrl + alt + delete -RRB- . Now , in case you 're thinking this is some fluke , well , it 's not . For the heck of it , I tried installing a trial version of Spyware Doctor 5 on another computer in our house that 's got Windows XP on it as well and is completely up-to-date regarding Windows updates . This other machine with XP on it had McAfee Security Suite , Spybot and Ad-Aware and never had Spyware Doctor installed on it . I downloaded the Spyware Doctor 5 trial , then tried installing it . I began to get the same basic results -- Spyware Doctor 5 killed my Internet service and everything slowed to a dead crawl on that computer -- but instead of making the same mistake I did with my regular computer , I uninstalled Spyware Doctor right away and rolled my computer back to its most recent System Restore checkpoint , which fixed my Internet problem and saved me from a doubly-bad disaster.But back to my regular computer . It 's taken me about three days now to get myself back to where I was before I downloaded that stupid piece of trash calling itself Spyware Doctor 2007 , version 5.0 . I had to do a repair of Windows , which landed me back at Service Pack 1 . Three days and about , what ... 80 Windows updates later as of today ? ... I 'm roughly where I was earlier this week . But now I 'm missing Spyware Doctor 4 , which was an EXCELLENT program . I 've been looking all over for it , but it seems to be gone , and that 's a real shame . Because Spyware Doctor 4 no longer seems to be available , I feel I 'm a little worse off than I was after this mistake of downloading this new version of Spyware Doctor.Moral of the story
 All I can say is this - After I ran the virus sweep and supposedly got rid of them , my computer runs slower than ever . I ca n't view windows media files on the internet for some reason . No customer service number = what the hell ? I would write more but it 's late at night and I am currently trying to get my computer to run semi well !!! I ca n't even open the software for some reason . It is a NO GO FUBAR situation if I do say so , considering how terrible my computer is now running . Thinking of doing a system restore to before I downloaded the software and HAD the viruses !!!
 I have used Spyware Doctor since version 3 -- almost three years now . I liked the interface and simplicity -- and the power . But as others have pointed out , including industry reviews , version 4.x was a HUGE drain on system resources . My PC 's would take anywhere from 5-9 minutes to completely boot up , with Spyware Doctor using almost 100 % CPU the whole time . Also , my computers would frequently `` freeze , '' which turned out to be Spyware Doctor randomly zooming to 95-100 % CPU for no reason at all.But with version 5 , things are so much worse . About 3 weeks ago , my PC 's lost their ability to connect to the Internet . Browsing slowed to a crawl , with frequent timeouts and `` server not found '' . I spent days on the phone with my cable company , and my router 's manufacturer , trying to troubleshoot . I re-configured my entire home network over and over . I never made the connection between the onset of problems and my updating to SD5 . It was only after finding the PCTools support forums that I realized the problem was Spyware Doctor.I removed the program from my PC 's -- and the problems were gone . I had full Internet connection and full speed again.Spyware Doctor 5 is causing massive problems for users . PCTools rewrote the program from the ground up , the company says , to improve the resource drain caused by version 4 . But apparently it was rushed to market even though beta testers reported many of these same problems for weeks.I 've uninstalled this software and am basically wasting my subscription and losing money . Other users are right -- PCTools does indeed `` auto-renew '' and charge your credit card without warning . This is a huge red flag . I lost hours , DAYS , dealing with the problems caused by this program . Many users have had to reinstall Windows completely.It 's easy to get caught up in the hyperbole and negative reviews . But do n't just take these at face value -- read the Spyware Doctor forum at PCTools ' website . These problems are real . And it does n't look like they 're going to be addressable anytime soon . They 've issued a couple of version updates , even removed several of the program 's protection `` Guards '' , but these have n't fixed the problems . And they 're not giving any kind of timeline or explanations to users.My advice -- stay away for now . But keep up with the forums at PCTools ' website . When they finally get the issues resolved , this should be a really strong spyware program . * PCTools has also been criticized for offering a `` Free spyware scan '' on their website -LRB- actually a download of SD -RRB- , which will find spyware on your system but refuse to remove it until you buy a subscription to Spyware Doctor . This kind of sleazy bullying is n't normally characteristic of reputable companies -- most will give you an actual free trial with functioning software .
 I 've been running Spyware Doctor for 4 years , and was having problems with v4 using massive amounts of memory . So I followed advice from the PC Tools homepage and loaded v5 -- BIG MISTAKE ! Since installing the new version and downloading the updates -LRB- a bad experience in itself , filled with ominous error messages from Windows -RRB- , I 've had to reload the code , reboot numerous times , had 2 Windows crashes and if the OnGuard facility is left running Spyware Doctor consumes 98 % CPU for 5 minutes on every screen scroll done reading html text on a site identified as trusted . Oh and the company quietly changed it 's policy and has hijacked my credit card information in order to automatically renew registration . I wo n't be running any more PC Tools products .
 I ca n't get the software to scan past 30 % . The software locks up when I try to end the scan after being stuck at 30 % scan .
 I originally bought spyware doctor last June -LRB- 2006 -RRB- after spyware got past my McAfee firewall and thought it was one of the best programs I installed for spyware . Like others , I started getting messages to update spyware doctor recently . I upgraded and started having problems . I have Windows XP Pro and Norton 360 installed as firewall , anti-virus and spyware . To make a long story short , the problems surfaced as anytime I left the computer and it went to the user logon screen , the screen was frozen and I would have to reboot . I searched the internet and found a few other complaints that sounded similar so I used Control Panel == > Add Remove Programs to uninstall the Spyware Doctor . That is the only thing I removed , I rebooted my machine and it now works fine . I 'm not sure if its Spyware Doctor and XP or Spyware Doctor and Norton Symantec , but either way it caused my system to freeze . If you get the same problem I would remove Spyware Doctor first and see if the problem goes away .
 The new product release is worthless - too buggy and slow to work . The previous releases were ok - they did find some malware and removed it , without interference in our system . However , despite the cute-sy interface , there are other software programs that provide the same -LRB- or better -RRB- anti-malware support.Most importantly , this company has some shady business practices -LRB- like hidden yearly automatic renewal charges , installing google toolbar with download , etc -RRB- and no way to contact them directly other than their online contact form which never receives a response . Check out the Better Business Bureau to see their `` unsatisfactory '' report.I am currently disputing a charge from this company on my debit card and have had huge problems - so far I have only been able to speak with Bridget at their third-party billing company who says they are not able to provide assistance with my complaint . There are other , more reputable companies to work with . This type of software is not worth the hassle .
 I have been a Spyware Doctor user for 4 or 5 years . It was an excellent product at an excellent price through Version 4 . Unfortunately , Version 5 , now in its third or fourth revision , is not usable . It slows down the XP system , makes Internet Explorer so slow it is unuseable , and sooner or later locks up the system . I tried one more time today , May 5 , 2007 and by downloading the May 3 newest revision . This new version locked up my computer during the startup of the system . I made it to Windows but about 20 seconds into the system startup it locked up . I had to turn off and restart and I was able to shutdown Spyware Doctor as it started up and disable it . -LRB- Yes , I did create a restore point before installing it but I did n't need it . -RRB- I am not a newcomer to PC 's . I bought my first computer , a Commodore VIC-20 in 1982 . Back then it was n't unusual to buy a piece of software that barely worked or did n't work at all . Nowadays you just do n't expect it with a product that has worked flawlessly in previous version . But the folks at PC Tools have managed to mess it up . I could have written this a month ago when the problems started but I took a deep breath and waited for them to fix it . Since as of today it was ever worse then before , I felt like I should warn those who are contemplating a purchase of this product ... DO N'T !!!! Unfortunately , I had just renewed my annual subscription to Spyware Doctor about 2 months before the new release . NOT money well-spent , I 'm afraid . Hope this review helps someone .
 I was very disappointed in this product . After I installed it , my computer ran so slow that I had to uninstall it . I found it to be a total waste of money .
 I have been a fan of spyware doctore for some time . Spyware doctor 4.0 was an excellent product . It did it job pretty good without taking up any significant resource . But unfortunately it seems that PCTOOLS have not yet got their act together for Version 5.0 . The first version I received as an upgrade was version 5.0 build 172 . Problems started as soon as my machine rebooted . The Spyware doctor service for apparently no reasons hogged the system resource to an extent 95-97 % . Killing that does not matter because the application restarts after 15 sec , and also that it seems to be the heart of the application . After reboot the update started running and BAM came the blue screen of death . So after a series of reboots and crashes I installed the version 5 build 176 . But that too did not work , hence finally I reverted back to version 4.0 and eveythig works perfectly.Please stay away from Version 5.0 till PCTOOLS get their act together . As a reference do go through the review of CNET for this product -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Please be aware that this is the new Spyware Doctor V5 .0.169 that I am writing about.This is NOT about V4 .0 which is an excellent product.So why is the latest version so bad?It 's simply because during the BETA testing there were loads of complaints to PC Tools about various problems mostly in relation to the fact that this new release slowed the computer down to a crawl and sometimes stopped it all together.PC Tools have NOT resolved this problem -LRB- as of yet -RRB- and released the BETA 169 version as their new Spydoctor V5 with all the problems still there.If you want more proof of this just go to their website and read in the support forum all the bad comments and problems that people are having . Most of us have had to uninstall it and waste our subscriptions because we just ca n't use it.PC Tools as of yet -LRB- March 19th -RRB- have NOT resolved these issues or even made any comment other than `` We are looking into it , but can not recreate these problems in our testing labs '' . This does not help the users , and it 's not just one or two of us . There are loads.So basically , DO NOT PAY THIS PRODUCT until the issues are resolved . Once they are resolved I would guess this product would go back to a 5 star rated .
 I bought Norton Anti Virus , Systems Work Basic , and Firewall as well thier backup software . I had problems with my PC and had to reload this software several times . I then was asked by the software to go on line and activate the software . I had it on the pc for several weeks . To make a long story short after many attempts to activate the software on-line via the server and by telephone I was told I had to many installs . I contacted customer service and was told that the server would not activate me because I had install the software to many times . I paid good money for these applications and I feel I should be able to load them onto my PC as many times as I like . Now I am out all this money and have no protection for my PC . Good By Norton who I used since DOS days . I will look elsewhere for products which supply the same service !!!
 Symantec is trying to produce better products this year.However their tech and customer support is very very poor out of India . Symantec is set up to charge first and talk later.This has cost symantec customers much grief , and many failed installs , to boot !! . I have a copy of 2007 , but uninstalled when my computer crashed.They tried to charge me , but i refused.When you have a failed install or older versions on the machine , you need to use Their special clean-up tools.I would wait a few months for symantec to iron out this years bugs.Thank you Stewart L.
 Norton is still the 800LB . Gorilla of Antivirus software , but I think more and more people are realizing that bigger does not mean better!The old days when Peter Norton made an excellent antivirus program are long gone , and these days Norton is just a mass produced product of Symantec 's . Customer service is through an Internet Database , and you must pay over $ 40 just to speak with someone even when Norton lets you down and lets a virus slip in . The biggest problem is that this program is a huge hog of system resources . It is no wonder that the ratings are so poor on Norton these days . I bought Trend Micro 's PC-Cillin and have not looked back . There product is less expensive and includes free phone support , and they have received all sorts of awards for their product .
 I 've been a loyal Norton anti-virus & utilities software customer since the stone age , but like several other reviewers , I 'm deeply disappointed that Norton Internet Security 2007 is incompatible with ZoneAlarm Pro , Sunbelt CounterSpy , and Microsoft AntiSpyware , and even more deeply disappointed that I had to crack the shrinkwap to find that out . Once upon a time , Norton was the epitome of well-designed , thoughtful , customer-centric software , but they 've degenerated into outsourced hacks trading on a well-established name . I 'll be returning Symantec 's software if I can , and buying ZoneAlarm 's A/V package instead .
 i pruchased the 3 computer product . I installed and have been in email tag with norton support ever since . My computer will not shutdown after installation . They have no idea why . I have been through the same protocols over and over again for over three weeks . I was finally told that installing version 7.02 would fix it for sure . I did and it did not.I was also told that unlike other products such as webroot , when you buy a three ciomputer pack , then expiration date is tied to installation on the first computer . If the three computers do not have the same installation date-like mine - i had 2006 installed on three computers which were put on at different times-you can lose the value of the subscription . When I called Norton customer service - i get the reply that what can you expect we gave you a bargain-about 70 on a three computer deal . The service was rude and not helpful . I asked why it did not say anthing on the box or in the manual and was told that was my proble , .
 WARNING !! This was the worst experience I ever have upgrading software from the same co. . I have Norton Ghost , Partition Magic , and 06 Internet Security on my laptop . After instructed to remove 06 IS , I installed the 07 Antivirus . Afterward I kept getting a pop-up Runtime Error msg and the product will not work . I went to the support site and follow the instructions to use their Autofix tool to completely remove all of 06 IS and LiveUpdate . I did so and reinstalled the Antivirus . STILL GOT THE SAME @ # $ % ^ ERROR ! I went back to the support site and was told to remove the old IS and upgrade to a new LiveUpdate first . I did so and reinstalled Antivirus . STILL GOT THE SAME @ # $ % ^ ERROR ! I called support and waited 30 mins . Finally was told I needed to pay $ 29 fee for live help . I returned the product and vow to never buy from Symantec again . I purchased CA Internet Security and installed without any problem .
 This is the first version of NAV , with which I have had trouble -LRB- and I have been a loyal Norton user since they came on floppy disks -RRB- . It will be my LAST Norton product . This program is far too large , both in terms of sheer disk size and processor usage . The program runs `` quick '' checks -LRB- NOT quick , despite the name -RRB- and LiveUpdate EACH TIME YOU START THE PC ... unless you entirely disable LiveUpdates . I have installled NAV 2007 on 3 computers , each of which have had different , but serious problems after the installation . One hangs on startup and shutdown about 50 % of the time , another can no longer connect to a VPN , unless the entire Trojan blocker part of NAV 2007 is disabled -LRB- despite HOURS on the phone with approximately 20 different Norton employees who repeatedly tried to charge $ 70 to talk to me about what is clearly a bug in their program ... and yes I set a rule in NAV to allow the VPN connection ... the bug being that no matter how many times the user sets a rule allowing `` to and from '' communication with a server , the rule remains set to ONLY allow one-way communication , so ... still no dice ! -RRB- , the third computer experienced so many issues during installation , that another anti-virus program had to be purchased for that machine.I am unable to offer a suggestion of which antivirus program to purchase other than to recommend NOT to purchase NAV 2007 . Maybe version 2008 will be back to the standards that I have come to expect from Symantec , but this consumer will not be there to find out !
 This software worries me . After almost four years of experiencing its abuse to my computer system and the related loss of critical data , I have become extremely wary of Norton.I will be filing a formal complaint with my State 's Consumer Protection Division to investigate this product and Norton 's methods of coercing users to renew their product , quickly on an annual basis.I have been using Norton anti-virus protection on my computer for at least 3 years.Since then , I have noticed a pattern of serious computer crashes within a few days of the annual product expiration date.The cost of repair each time runs me about $ 150.00 . So year after year , I rush to purchase the new product update.Until this year , I wondered about the pattern of annual crashes , then was forced to conclude that my observation of the correlation of serious/expensive computer crashes and its timing was not random , but predictable.How did I draw my conclusion?My spouse 's computer is protected with Norton . We do not share the same product copy . I predicted on September 10 , 2007 that her computer would have a very serious Crash within a few days of the expiration date of the Norton Product . On September 18 , 2007 , about two or three days after receiving the expiration date notice it Crashed.Now bear in mind that , the computer in question is not frequently used.In 2006 , I was forced to replace my laptop , due to my Norton experience . I wondered then about the pattern , but simply dismissed it.Well this year , I will ask the Consumer Protection Division in my State 's Attorney General 's Office to look into the pattern of the problem observed and help to verify if the problem is more widespread .
 Even though there is absolutely NOTHING on the packaging to indicate this software is only compatible with a 32-bit system , it would not allow us to install it to our 64-bit system . Customer-no-Service was an absolute joke.The individual we dealt with did not have the best grasp of English and it took several tries to explain the situation to them . Their final suggestion was that we purchase Symantec 's 64-bit software version . Well ... we will purchase someone 's 64-bit virus protection software , but I am fairly certain this is the LAST Symantec product we will purchase for quite sometime .
 Shortly after the installation program started , I got a message box stating that the Norton Suite 2007 is not compatible with Spybot program -LRB- a freeware and excellent product -RRB- and it has to be removed . After removal and the needed reboot I started the install program again . Subsequent to copying some files somewhere another message box was opened informing me that instillation has failed due to an error.Following few minutes of `` gathering information '' a report was generated . Installation program did not show me the report nor did it display the error . It sent the report to Symantec for `` analysis '' and informed me that `` To fix the problem you must uninstall and reinstall this product '' ! At this point installation program asked if I like to remove the program using a utility called AutoFix . Running this program resulted in a message stating that it can not fix the problem . Re-running the installation is not possible since there are temp files stored on the system.I was directed to Symantec support website after going through the report generation process , to remove the installed files I was offered to run - yes you guest it - AutoFix again . The program also warned me that all Norton 2007/2006/2005 / 2004/2003 products will be removed and -LRB- I quote from the program ! -RRB- `` Also , if you use ACT ! or WinFAX , back up those databases and uninstall those products . '' - Unbelievable - . This time AutoFix hung and after five minutes I had to kill the process manually.I uninstalled WinFAX and other Norton products . Now installation from CD does not run and Norton suite 2007 uninstall program from Windows control panel takes me back into the same loop as before.It is my practice to make a disk image before installing a new program . At this point I restore the image . If you are installing Norton 2007 suite make sure you make an image of your boot disk
 Upon attempting to upgrade to NAV 2007 from NAV 2005 , I discovered that it wanted me to uninstall my spyware and firewall programs . I am quite happy with ZoneAlarm Pro and am unwilling to do that . I gave my 3-pack away to my cousin -LRB- 2 of the three licenses will go unused -RRB- and simply renewed my license for the existing version of NAV . When that expires , I am going to go with ZoneAlarm 's security suite which includes both antivirus and firewall support . When I have done this , all the computers in our household will be Symantec-free , and I intend them to stay that way . Symantec 's poor support and incompatability are inexcusable .
 Norton Antivirus 2007 is a terrible software . I tried to install it under Win XP . It is extremely unstable . There are so many `` unexpected error , please bala bala ... '' . Everytime there is an red-x error sign on the icon , I ca n't figure out if it is working or not . If there is a time to consider buying NAV 2007 , DO N'T CHOOSE NAV !
 Not only does Norton software slow down computers and messes up programs , but they support service is disgusting . I bought Norton antivirus one year ago . I renewed my subscription , in the meantime my computer crashed , I junked it , got a new one , and trie to re-download the Norton Program , -LRB- note my subscription is valid for 11 more months -RRB- . Well , after a 30 minute on line chat I was informed that I have to fork out more money and buy an upgrade . Does that make sense ?
 This is the last Symantec product I will ever buy . I just tried to install this and it told me I would have to uninstall ZoneAlarm Pro . Frack them ! I love the ZoneAlarm Pro and have been using it for years . I upgraded to the 3 user version to put all the household computers on the same plan . What a mistake . Upgrading another -LRB- non ZoneAlarm -RRB- computer took 3 hours -LRB- several re-installs -RRB- because the Symantec upgrade script ca n't clean-up the registry correctly when a user changes the drive the software gets installed to . What a lame mistake . And this is not the first time I have had problems with Symantic installs.But this last issue is the worst . There was no warning on the package that I would have to abandon my favorite program in order to fit into their world . They exhibit a toxic mix of arrogance and incompetence . I am sick of them .
 I honestly can not say anything other than this product does not work on new computers . If you have an old one , this may be great for you .
 I 'm not a graphics professional , just looking for a modest editing and image browsing program for my new Mac , something comparable to ACDSee and Photoshop I used in Windows . Elements is not it . It does reasonable editing , and at about the same level of technical detail I need , but the software denies access to the bridge browsing program , saying I have to have other Adobe programs installed ! Duhhh . . so now I ca n't even browse thumbnails of my image files with it !
 I 'm not real impressed with this vers . of Photoshop Elements . I thought version 1 was better . This is good for basic photo editing and that 's about it . Look for version 6.0 for the mac in 2008 . Hopefully vers . 6 is better .
 If you 've never used a photo editing program before , like me , then , your in for some hardcore schooling . I 've been looking on youtube for lessons on just simple basics of how to do things in APE -LRB- Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0 -RRB- , I 've had this product for 2 days and been trying to learn simple things like changing color on an object , but using the tools pallette needs a lesson in itself . I have yet to find a good video on using simple tools . I just wish Adobe would look out for their entry level consumers a little more . The Help section within the program is lacking , leaving you confused on how to perform many tasks ; kinda like they already expect you to know the basics . I 'd prefer step by step video , like your teaching a moron ... I 'm running APE 4.0 , on my Macbook 2 GHz Intel core duo with 2 GB RAM . version 10.4.11 ; It 's not stable . Once I add about 3 layers of something , APE crashes . Maybe it 'll work better on a Core Duo 2 , please reply comments if you have any good source or learning material on this program . I would really like to harness the power of it . I want to love this program , but so far , I 'm kinda sad .
 I could not install the program on my Mac , even though the program was the Macintosh version . I spent hours on the phone with Adobe customer service . The problem was `` missing a key file '' and we could not resolve the problem . Now I am trying to get Adobe to refund my money , and am having trouble with a `` proof of purchase . `` Anyway , I am sure it is a good program but I will not be using it .
 Very difficult interface - windoz like , not Mac like . Would not recommend it unless you have a LOT OF TIME to spend learning the product . It does lots of things , if you have the time to learn how to accomplish .
 This product is misleading . It does not organize pictures the same way with the collections and labels , as it does on a PC . The Adobe staff -LRB- several of them -RRB- all told me that the pictures with labels , would transfer no probem from the PC to the MAC . This could not be further from the truth . I am disappointed with the product and would like a refund .
 I was disappointed when I discovered that I could not use Elements version 4.0 on my new Mac 10.4.8 . I had to return it and got credit for it . Photoshop Elements does not seem to compatible with Intel duo core processors in these new Macs . Apparently Adobe has not made it usable yet for this new Mac . When I ordered it , I read that it worked for 10.4 , which was not the whole truth.Dorothy Bausch
 Bought Elements 4.0 to go with my brand new dual core iMac . After about a week it crashed and without going through the bloody details , Apple Support referred me to Adobe . The Adobe troubleshooting `` system errors or freezes '' page indicates that well , Elements 4.0 may not be quite compatible with the new iMacs and gives 14 fixes , some easy , some laborious , none of which worked for me and to add insult to injuy , attempts to contact Adobe by their on line chat and telephone turned into excercises in more frustration .
 This product is an after thought for the mac . The PC version is a more fully integrated product . Realistically this product is a waste of money when run on a mac if compared to it run on a PC . The `` bridge '' app is cumbersome at best . Iphoto has nothing to fear . Its a shame considering the PC version is by far the best photo management software available for the hobbyist .
 This is my first use of any PhotoShop product and I am not very impressed . I edit -LRB- retouch and then resize -RRB- hundreds of outdoor photos for slideshows and make extensive use of the Auto Smart Fix feature -LRB- it usually gives me what I want first try -RRB- but when I try to use the batch process feature to do 200 image file 50 images at a time -LRB- for Smart Fix or Resize to new folder -RRB- Elements 4 is hopeless . The batch processor scrambles the order of the output and it can take hours to unscramble them . Best not to even use this feature unless you are working with very small batches.I found it imposssible to email Adobe Support for any suggestions from them on this problem so I am going to look elsewhere for the batch processing capability I want .
 I bought the elements ready to take on my photo library and have fun editing . Unfortunately , after photoshop successfully and easily organized my photos , the rest was downhill . If you 're in the market for a photo organizer , this is a great product , but if you want to edit photos in ANY way , do n't get your hopes up . It is exhaustingly clumsy ! It 's editing functions are not user friendly , are slow , and it even freezes regularly while editing . I give this 2 stars for it 's organizing capabilities and 0 stars for it 's editing capabilities . I 'll probably try a few other products or keep this one for organizing and use another for editing until someone gets it right .
 I bought this because friends liked it , but never opened the box because I was busy ... then I found that version 6 is being released next quarter , so I returned version 4 ! Note this is for macintosh.I ca n't give it a rating since I never used it ... so ignore the stars ! Amazon requires a rating !
 Be careful -- I learned the hard way that this does not work with newer MACs -- so it is totally useless to me now .
 I paid good money for this to run on my iMac 10.4.x and it crashes after using it awhile . I 've lost many edits like this . No one seems to have the first clue why it does n't work . It 's just a faulty program .
 Beware ... this and all earlier versions of Elements will NOT work on Macs with Intel processors , i.e. , the majority of newer Macs . However , Elements 6.0 for Mac due out at the end of March is created to work with the Intel processors so make sure you buy the product that matches your Mac 's PROCESSOR TYPE . rather than its operating system .
 Be careful , I pre-ordered Elements 6 for Mac and Amazon sent me version 4 . The confirmation email did say 4 after I looked , but until then I had ver 6 in my cart and I did n't notice the change on the confirm page . I sent it back and Amazon picked up the postage .
 Manual useless on getting pix into system . From Camera or scanner goes to i photo . No instructions to get pix from HD or CD rom into system . Open file but ca n't access i photo . By various drag and drop operations got pix into system . Tried to modisfy clor of specific are via Magic Wand . Outlines area but enhance > adjust color > select color , click OK but no chnage to image . Try save but refuses to do . If I ca n't get help , I need to return the product.John Schaffer
 This book was represented as a Mac tutorial . Nowhere in this manual does it mention a Mac , nor is it represented as a Mac tutorial . I was very disappointed with this . So if you are looking for a Mac manual , this IS NOT it!Also , as a tutorial for the PC version , it is out-dated as Photoshop Elements as already proceeded to version 6 .
 As a Large Format film based photographer that simply scans Color Transparencies , or Black & White Negatives I 'd have to rate Elements 4.0 for my Mac as PURE RUBBISH ! Previously I owned and used Elements 2.0 , which I 'm going back to using , which allowed me to scan and adjust at a higer dpi , and bit rate . When I read about Elements 4.0 initially some of the features sounded interesting . Once I bought and isntalled the software it became obvious that for my intended use that I was severely handicapped by the restrictions incorporated in the 4.0 version .
 Used PS ad PSE for years and loved it . PSE does not and per Adobe will not work on Mac OS 10.5 . Too bad , now I use GIMP
 To be honest , my only goal was to alter photos in a simple way and then title them in a blank space below the photo . I found this to be next to impossible . As of this date I have yet to accomplish it .
 I have always despised Norton products due to all the geeks who have spent hours trying to unload it off the hard drive . But , , The NIS 2007 has some raving reviews and I down loaded a trial for about a week . First off , I do n't like a firewall that makes decisions for me . I like to know what is wanting in or out and when . With Norton 's new system the fire wall calls the shots with out interrupting the user . That sounds like trouble to me , Any one knows the most sick virus 's and melware disguise them selves as good programs to sneak in and set up house -LRB- Trojan -RRB- and I do not trust Norton or anyone else to decide what is a good program or bad . I did not feel protected the whole time I used it , And then found three minor Trojans and various tracking cookies when putting my old suite back on . What bothered me the most is NIS 2007 would not pass the GRC firewall leak test unless you went in to the firewall settings and arranged for prompts , Which you can do and advise it strongly if you plan on using this product . .
 Completely incompatible with AOL , not using the browser , but simple email . Norton blocked all programs and sites which use navigational pop-windows . -LRB- Amazon is acually of good example -RRB- Of course , all help is useless from outsourced workers , and this was certainly no exception . After turning all parts of Norton Internet Security off to get normal browsing use , I finally had to uninstall it to get any work done . Norton sucks !
 Unlike previous versions of Norton Internet Security Suite , this version does not include parental controls .
 If anyone can resolve the conflict between this program and DLA , you will be a hero . Please post !
 This review is more of a warning then a review . I just want those of you who are thinking of buying this product to know a few truths before you take the dive.Lie number 1
 I read all the reviews and decided to purchase Norton 2007 Internet Security anyway . I have used Norton products for more than 10 years and thought `` It will be just as good or better than the 2006 version . I was wrong.I will focus on 1 item only
 I own a computer repair business , and I get a kick out of scanning virus-infected computers that have this worthless software on it . If you think the program is doing its job , and catching all of the bad stuff , think again ! It does n't catch a tenth of the stuff out there , and is also a resource hog that slows down some computers to the brink of crashing . Not to mention it has an acute knack for killing internet connections from time to time even after you 've supposedly disabled the program firewalls . Do n't waste your money !
 I bought a new Desktop PC installed with Vista . It came preinstalled with McAfee 2007 . I have been using Norton products for years , so I bought a 3 user package of North Internet Security 2007 . For the 60 days of the trial , my computer ran flawlessly . But it was time to install Norton as McAfee had run its course . I installed the program last night , which took 45 minutes with the Vista update from Symantec , required updates , restarts and the full system scan . After this time my computer , which as I said ran flawlessly for 60 days , well now every 60 minutes I get the blue screen of death and a forced restart . I contacted Symantec 's customer support only to be greeted with an hour and forty five minutes wait to chat with an analysts -LRB- seems that I was not the only one with Norton troubles -RRB- . After all this time , the advice I was given was ... uninstall and reinstall !!!! Gee , Einstein , I would have never done that already before I wasted my time contacting you . But the Symantec analyst was firm that this was the problem . So I took my morning and uninstalled and reinstalled and ... THE SAME BLUE SCREEN OF DEATH but now in under an hour of use !!! I 'm uninstalling this virus and buying a McAfee package ASAP.Oh also , during the time my computer was not crashing , it ran SLOW !! It is a 2.8 gig processor with 2 gigs of ram but it ran as if it were a 386 processor with 32 megs of ram . And everything you run , Norton needs you to approve its connection ... EVERYTHING . You can allow Norton to decide what can and can not connect so you do not have to click every five second , but then you will not be able to user 1/2 of your programs as the geniuses at Norton did not include them in their ` safe ' list.I regret buying this and only wish I could give it ZERO stars !!!
 It loaded fine , must of missed fine print about removing Spam product and Parental controls dumb me . Most controls and settings in 2006 are gone in 2007 , definately a dumded up product for users not familiar with any computer set up . Would trade this in for the old 2006 in a heartbeat , compared 2006 was a 5 Star product ... they have lost me as a customer after this one expires !!
 I 've tried several different Internet security products , and they 're all lousy . Norton Internet Security certainly works well enough protecting your system . But like its competitors , it has major annoyances . The user interface is very slow . The worst is that it just starts doing things behind the scenes without telling you anything . All of a sudden , your machine will slow to a crawl for 15-20 minutes at a time -LRB- we 're talking 3 minutes just to load Task Manager , for example -RRB- and sure enough , Live Update , their updating system , is running in the background . No message , no way to stop or postpone it . In fact , there is a general lack of messages in this software . You can click on something and nothing will happen for as much as a minute . No hourglass , no message to wait , just no response . Thinking nothing has happened may tempt you to click again . The result can sometimes be locking up the program or even Windows itself.Automatic Live Update is supposed to be optional . It can be turned off . But in fact , turning it off has little effect . It runs automatically from time to time anyway . This can be especially annoying if you 're running on battery power , as you can use up to a third of your battery before it finishes and your machine is back to normal speed . The only way I 've found to turn it off -LRB- after some hours back and forth with their online support folks -RRB- is to go into administrative services and set Automatic LiveUpdate Scheduler to `` manual '' , and even then it can come back to life from time to time.Based on the inability to schedule Live Update reliably , I wo n't renew this product at the end of the year .
 I just want to start out by saying that I have been a loyal Symantec/Norton customer over the years , and have enjoyed using Norton SystemWorks for at least 3-4 years . I liked the product so much that I bought Symantec stock . However , this year I could not find Norton Sytemworks 2007 at an acceptable price and decided to try Norton Internet Security . This was a huge mistake . The product is apparently designed to be `` smarter than the user '' and by default performs the majority of its security tasks without notifying the user or giving the user a chance to override the security settings . For starters , it slowed down my computer to a snail 's pace , taking forever to reboot XP . This is a minor annoyance compared to the other bigger problems . It somehow rendered my administrator password useless and prevented me from modifying installations or uninstalling certain programs , and simply displays a message reading `` access denied '' or `` program file in use '' . My browser and outlook email work fine , but it prevents a number of my online trading applications from accessing the internet at all , providing no messages saying access was blocked , nor giving me the opportunity to allow these programs access to the internet - it simply prevents the program from loading , and in some cases the application window just disappears , while in others I get a message that the offending application has terminated abnormally . One would think that modifying the Program Acces Control settings for these applications by setting them to `` Allow '' would do the trick . Nope . I even tried turning off the firewall , intrusion protection and all other features of Norton altogether and then re-booting to see if that solved the problem . Nope . Still blocks my online trading applications from getting online . I thought that perhaps uninstalling these programs and re-installing them while being monitored by Norton -LRB- as much as that seemed to be an unnecessary hassle -RRB- , would do the trick . Well , this approach did n't work either because Norton denies my access to any of the applications ' files , producing a message reading `` access denied . '' This problem is the same whether I use the `` Add or Remove Programs '' feature in Control Panel , or if I actually go into the folder and try to delete it directly . By the way , the so called `` Help '' index conveniently does n't provide any support in these areas of resolving the blocking of legitimate applications or allowing the user to make modifications to the installations of these programs . Symantec should be ashamed of itself for putting a product like this in the marketplace . What 's the point of a security product if it renders the computer virtually useless ? Is n't that what malicious code does to computers in the first place ? You would be much better off running a simple Norton Anti-Virus program or Systemworks than basically paying Norton to disable your computer by buying and installing Norton Internet Security . I would conclude by saying that I am relatively computer savvy , and given that I had all these problems after being a happy user of all the Norton Systemworks features for several years , I shudder at the thought of the productivity losses this program will cause for users who do n't know how to undo the damage done once Norton Internet Security has been installed.UPDATE
 I am a software engineer and have used Norton IS for years . I just upgraded to 2007 IS.First problem
 I 've used Norton security products for years - some versions have been better than others . This year I renewed my subscription with the 3-PC version of Norton Internet Security 2007 -LRB- prior version was Norton Internet Security 2006 -RRB- . This was a mistake.With NIS 2007 my system takes about twice as long to boot and seems to be running much slower , especially when starting programs.Components included in the program disk in NIS 2006 -LRB- e.g.Spam blocking , privacy , parental blocking , etc -RRB- require downloading from the Norton web site with a separate installation procedure . While this `` add-on '' is free , NIS 2007 documentation with the program disk does n't point you to the download site and finding out how to download it required searching the Norton web site.I use Eudora as my email program . The spam blocker in NIS 2006 integrated nicely and worked well with Eudora . The spam blocker in NIS 2007 does NOT support Eudora . Apparently the spam blocker in NIS 2007 only integrates with MS Outlook/Outlook express . Use Eudora or other email programs ? You are probably out of luck and your in box is full of spam.I un-installed NIS 2007 and reinstalled 2006 . In my situation 2007 is NOT a better product , it is a step backward.Hopefully Norton will quickly provide a fix for these problems . In the mean time I have an poor product with a subscription period clock that is running .
 I stopped using Norton years ago when garbage Norton left behind after uninstall interfered with a competing product when I tried to install it and corrupted my system . But years have gone by . So the IT guy at work recommends Norton and CNET gives it editor 's choice -LRB- which I will NEVER believe again -RRB- so I buy it for my wife and daughter 's machines.Big big mistake . I install . The installation hangs after going all the way to 100 % . I restart and update the product , the update also hangs after seeming to complete . I restart the computer . Then I try to launch Norton . It wo n't launch . In fact , launching it makes the computer unstable , slowing it to a crawl . I try to uninstall the product . This also hangs . I restart the computer , Norton is still on the Explorer toolbar , so it 's not uninstalled . I contact their tech support , and they send me several pages of instructions on how to get Norton out of your system manually . After doing everything on the sheets -LRB- two hours -RRB- it 's STILL not completely off my system . And my system now appears to be permanently compromised and in need of a complete reformat/re-build . Needless to say , I now HATE these guys.My guess is that Norton can only safely be installed on a new or a newly rebuilt system . Do NOT put Norton on a machine that has ever had another anti virus product on it , even a Norton product.BUT ON A DEEPER LEVEL ... In what other business are you allowed to sell a product that does HARM to your customers , and when they call you for help , you just send them a manual on how to fix it themselves . Is there ANY other business where this is considered acceptable ? My next machines will be Macs . Screw all these guys .
 This is the Titanic of software ! It allowed a major virus through that disables my PC after 3 minutes of being on . Tech support wants $ 99 consult fee and does n't seem to care I 'm upset with Norton . Tech support needs to go back to school to solve their language barrier ! I read all the other reviews and like others have gone from the OK user to the upset never again user . If you are happy with NIS 2007 you will agree with me sooner than you expect . The clock is ticking when your PC will melt down due to Norton . I did n't think it would happen to me either . Take a hint of prevention now and dump Norton while you still have your sanity .
 Coming from NIS 2005 , I am extremely disappointed with NIS 2007 . In addition to generally poorer overall performance , Symantec essentially dropped support for XP Home Edition . For example , where NIS 2005 provided per-account configuration , and operated correctly between logged-in user accounts , NIS 2007 supports essentially one configuration that applies to all accounts . With NIS 2005 I could protect my young son 's login by turning `` Parental Control '' on for his account , while I leaving `` Parental Control '' off for my account . In NIS 2007 , the setting for Parental control is applied to all accounts . The same applies for all NIS 2007 settings.When I posted this issue with Symantec technical support , their response was that they removed functionality they felt their customers did n't use.Symantec also removed ad blocking , pop-up blocking , parental control , and anti-spam from the base NIS 2007 package , and made these features available only through a separate download . These features were built-in to NIS 2005 . So I also downloaded and installed the Add-On pack , which has it 's own idiosyncrasies . For example , I added my email address and credit number to the `` Privacy Control '' list ; when I post data for purchases via Internet Explorer , I am correctly alerted that the information is being sent , and I am offered the option to allow or block the posting . The problem is the alert also appears , and must be acknowledged , in every other account that is logged-in to XP Home Edition at the time . Also , `` LiveUpdate '' gets confused and alerts non-active accounts when it needs to run.I was reluctant to purchase the upgrade from NIS 2005 to NIS 2007 because of some of the negative comments I had read about NIS 2007 , but I was assured by some comments related to the quality of technical support users had received , so I went ahead and upgraded . I have not had any success with technical support on the above issues . I have posted the above issues several times , and each time technical support either fails to respond at all , or they ask for incrementally more information about the issue , until the open issue becomes stale , at which time they just close the issue . The last time I posted the issue , technical support asked for numerous screen captures demonstrating the problems I was having ; I sent three screen caps which their email server rejected . Bottom line - I put in many hours of my time responding to tech supports various requests , only to have them close the issue with no resolution.Lastly , I also purchased and downloaded this product from Symactec 's web site ; the purchase process essentially forced me allow them to automatically update post the annual renewal fee to my credit card . At the very least , I am not going to renew NIS 2007 ; at the very best , I 'm going to get my money back -LRB- I hope -RRB- . NIS 2005 was a solid product that I recommended and implemented for many of my clients . I will no longer recommend this product to anyone , and I 'm actively looking for something to replace Symantec NIS 2007 .
 This program slowed the time it takes to start my computer from roughly 2 minutes to more than 10 minutes . I have an HP system with a dual core processor and 2 gigabytes of RAM so this was very unexpected.After more than 12 hours working on this , numerous exchanges with Symantec technical support the only solution has been the complete removal of the program . Only then does the system behave well.Symantec products have been great in general . Unfortunately this one has been a real dud and something I regret purchasing .
 I think Symantec is run by a bunch of folks who are completely cut off from their customers and do n't give a dang . Each release of NIS is screwed up in one way or another and they provide no way to give feedback.In the case of NIS 2007 ... its just slow as a dog . Its increased my system startup time by about 4 minutes , it has slowed my MS Office startup time and takes forever to scan my computer.I do n't know what security product is better ... but this one is a toad !
 After using NIS for years , my daughter and I were unable to access the internet.Working with their tech resolved the problem , but after this happened the third time we disconnected it.My local tech said there have been many problems with NIS 2007 , and to use WIN Xp firewall and a separate virus program instead.I have been using BitDefender which has daily updates and costs $ 25 and have not had any trouble.Naturally Norton would not give me a refund .
 I `` upgraded '' to NIS 2007 from NIS 2005 and was extremely disappointed that the ability to configure parental controls by Windows XP user was removed . I have children and the ability to configure internet settings by user allowed me to easily list allowed websites for my kids . This is not the case with 2007 . The parental controls are global , so now I have to be inconvenienced by having to create strict parental controls that block me from sites I want to visit but can not because I have to set the controls low enough for my kids.I spent so much time with their tech support trying to figure out if I could do in 2007 what I could do in 2005 . First I was told I could , then that I could n't , then that the parental control add-on -LRB- that I already did download -RRB- would be `` enhanced '' to include features contained in 2005 . After waiting until this supposed enhancement was to be released , I contacted support again and they basically told me that there was no such enhancement.I was a big fan of 2005 because of the functionality of the parental controls . If I want to use 2007 and have functionality similar to what I had in 2005 , I have to purchase separate software.At least I was allowed to re-download 2005 . So if you 're looking for parental controls by user , this is not the product for you .
 This version of Internet Security was very difficult to install . I followed the instructions and got the software completely installed . I ran Live Update and got error messages . Only then did they tell me that I had to un-install other products -LRB- including Norton 2006 -RRB- and re-install Internet security from the beginning . The product was not smart enough to handle the 2006 version of the very same software ! I had to download an un-install for Norton 2006 to remove it . The entire process took over 2 hours to complete on just one PC . Thinking that I knew the pitfalls , I followed the correct process on the 2nd PC only to receiver different errors from the Live update . I had to re-install on the 2nd PC as well . Extremely frustrating.Although using this software on multiple PCs is a bonus , I was very disappointed with the difficulty of the install.In addition , they took away the Anti-Spam feature that hooked into Outlook . I loved that feature and now I have no anti-spam tools ...
 After purchasing NIS 2007 -LRB- for 3 PCs -RRB- I installed it on two of my computers . AOL Instant Messenger version 6 is also installed on both of these computers . While Norton claims to provide instant messaging scanning for AIM 4.7 or later , it does NOT work with AIM version 6 . I have spent 2 weeks going back and forth with Symantec Tech support and the issue is still not resolved . No coverage for AIM version 6 .
 I 've used Norton for years . The 2007 product slows the computer to a snail 's pace . Do not buy this product .
 I had the same problem the `` Tax Guy '' had . Everytime I would try to close Internet Explorer 6 , it would close and then popup and error and ask if I 'd want to send and error report to Microsoft . After a couple unsuccessful Symantec Support chat sessions , I was two seconds away from getting a refund . As a last effort , I disabled a few un-needed Internet Explorer add-ons . And sure enough , that solved the problem.Regardless , I 'm running a new 3.0 ghz Dell with 1gb of memory and Windows XP Professional . Shame on this software for not just `` working '' out of the box in such a powerful and common system like mine .
 I tried to renew the subscription online -LRB- from the Security Center provided link -RRB- , and I gave all my data including credit card , then I 've received confirmation of billing that did not contain any activation key . I tried to renew through the server - did n't work as well . So , I wrote to the Customer Service , and they answered that my order was not completed , and I should place another one . But then I asked my bank and they confirmed that my card has been charged for that renewal . It 's been a week ago already and there is no change .
 It seemed a good deal , its cheap and easy to install . Once it crashes by who-knows-why the program can not be removed of the system even using the Symantec uninstaller which freezes into an eternal loop wondering
 I have used Nortons Internet Security over the years . With XP , the program slowed my computer considerably , but other than that worked ok.I recently got a new Vista computer . I loaded my copy of Internet Security 2007 on the computer . It was n't immediately compatable and it asked if I wanted to update it for Vista . I agreed and it did update , and appeared at first to work fine . I noticed that it did slow my computer , but again I was used to this from before . I felt I needed the protection so I put up with it . Gradually I started having various crashes . My vista mail would n't open attachments , Internet explorer would suddenly shut down . Also lately my computer would n't shut down properly.That was it ! I had had it.Fortunately Vista comes with excellent trouble shooting help . Everything Vista told me pointed to Norton . Today I uninstalled the entire Internet Security program . All problems gone ! I am now going to use the windows firewall , and I downloaded a free antivirus program called avast which seems to work fine . No more constant hard drive chattering , which I was afraid would lead to a hard drive failure . No more Nortons ever , I 've had with their buggy programs .
 After buying Norton Internet Security for about ten years , I read too many unhappy reviews . I had some problems installing Norton , but it caused a serious problem with Internet Explorer . It crashing at least twice a day . A friend asked if I had Norton and said they often caused problems with Internet Explorer . I tried ZONE ALARM Internet Security Suite for three computers -LSB- Amazon sells it -RSB- . It installed quickly after I answered three questions . It completely installed and it set-up the Firewall and all basic security provisions . I just sat back and watched it install . I will never go back to the Norton problems again . Norton seems to have forgotten how to make a program install without some headaches .
 I have used Symantec on each of five networked computers since 2001 and it was fine up until about two years ago . Since then viruses started penetrating their software . On two occasions I had to pony up $ 90 to Symantec tech support to eradicate viruses.The final blow came when an employee who surfs the web like crazy contracted massive viruses and spyware , one of which kept the desktop black and would not let the user change to another screen . I did a complete scan and Symantec came up with about 3 viruses and 10 spywares . I then deleted Symantec , downloaded the Security Suite from our internet provider and did another scan which now came up with 4 viruses and 5 more spywares . -LRB- Nice job Symantec . -RRB- When Symantec comes up for renewal on each workstation we are replacing them our internet provider Security Suite.The problem with large companies like Symantec and Microsoft is that the jerks out there who write viruses target the most common software .
 This another example of the yearly droppings from Symantec.For years I have had the problem that whenever I load the new edition of the internet security their email monitoring system wrecks the loaded copy of MS outlook so that Outlook needs to reloaded . This is a pain because the repair and detect requires the orginal MS cd that contained Office.This should be a basic fix on Symantec 's part that would recognize outlook and fix the problem . Norton used to be a name of a company that could and was capable of solving problems such as this.Plus this product is the annual public robbery in the fact the product is mostly the same product every year . What the new features are should be added at a fraction of the cost of this.Also this will definitely slow down the rebooting of the system . It works better on a desk top that is more powerful than a laptop . On a laptop all the disc accessing is slower and a pain . A laptop usually has a slower hard drive due to the need to reduce heat . This will add close to a minute to boot on a desktop . On a laptop , it is time to get coffe and return in several minutes . Symantec needs to fix their hoggish ways .
 Norton is the `` top '' of the line for security but this version has really slowed my computer down compared with the last three versions .
 Been using Norton Internet Security for the last 4 years . No real problems except for obvious sluggishness of my PC after installing it but okay I can put up with that . My PC was always stand alone with an internet connection but recently installed a little home Network - and thats when the nightmares began . This product will NOT allow me to share a folder on my network . Have scoured the internet for solutions , which was an eye opener as LOTS of people have had similar problems with this product , spent 3 hours with some symantec technical `` support '' guy located in India and I still have the problem . On top of that it is almost impossible to remove from a computer once installed unless you hack your registry , and lastly one of the worst things is you CAN NOT kill the cc * processes that it spawns . My solution to my problem was to buy myself a copy of ZoneAlarm Internet Security and lo and behold have had no problems whatsoever .
 In order to download 07 I had to uninstall 06 , but first I had to download the uninstaller from symantec . Very annoying . I also lost all my preferences . My computer is unbelievably slow with this version and it constantly is disconnecting from the internet -LRB- i have highspeed cable -RRB- . I 'd like to know who came up with the idea of making the parental controls with LESS features then the year before . What is the use of having parental controls if you ca n't really control anything ? This years version in less intuitive then last year and give the user less control then in previous version . I 'm done with norton . Do n't waste your money .
 I am a computer Hobbyist so all of my friends ask me to help them.Not only is this a horrible program that takes over your computer , is impossible to configure , slows everything down much more than any of the other security suits out there . but worst of all it is often impossible to uninstall !!! Dont even try it ! sometimes the only way you will get it off your computer is to format your hard drive!This is something I have seen on many computers .
 I 've had Norton products on my computers for over 10 years . And for most of those 10 years have experienced no problems whatsoever . Since the 2003 and 2004 version of this software program I have experienced SEVERE slowing down of my computer , hanging up of my computer when trying to shut it down , and prolonged start up times ALL of which were cured when I took this bloated software off my computer.I 'm not a software designer or a computer expert but am reasonably adept and skilled on the computer and can for the most part fix nearly every problem I encounter . I do n't understand exactly WHY removing Norton solved my problems but I can tell you this
 My subscription ran out for Norton Internet Security -LRB- NIS -RRB- 2006 so when I went to renew , I was talked into upgrading to NIS 2007 . DON `` T DO IT ! I have had nothing but problems since upgrading . Internet Explorer -LRB- IE -RRB- crashes everytime you close a window , not good if you are trying to access Outlook Web Access to check email . Symantec says it 's an IE problem , however when I uninstalled NIS 2007 , IE works just fine . I am having other issues where the LUCallBackProxy will not register properly in Windows XP . Symantecs fix was to completely uninstall NIS 2007 , delete all Symantec directories , remove all registry enties for Symantec etc. . . and then reload . All the problems still exist after the reinstall . So save your time and money till they get it fixed .
 This is one of the worst name brand software products I 've seen . I have been using Norton for years , and this one had completely diabled my mom 's machine -LRB- it slowed down the machine incredibly and disabled several programs , including MS Office -RRB- . We 've spent hours working through the problems with tech support . They refunded her money , but it still took me several additional hours to remove the program -LRB- in a few months I 'll have a PhD in computer science -RRB- . If you do an appropriate internet search -LRB- ex norton 2007 problem -RRB- you 'll find I 'm not the only one with problems .
 I 've been using Norton since 2000 . I 've had Internet Security 2005 and 2006 . So when it was time I bought the 2007 version.The first thing it told me was that the spybot checker I use was incompatable and I would have to remove it . -LRB- SpybotSD ver . 1.4 -RRB- I stopped right there . If it 's a toss-up between Norton and Spybot , Norton looses.Hope this keeps someone else from wasting their money .
 I have been using Norton for 2 years and it worked fine . Recently I upgraded ... big mistake . After 8 hours on the phone my PC is now infected with a virus . Norton does not work and i have left myself open . Now the only suggestion Norton has is to let their wirus group fix their problems for $ 99 . Nice people but they do not know what they are doing . Some are hard to understand.I will never purchase another Norton product again .
 I bought this product , hoping that it would be a much better version and versatile than its predecessors . Compared to NIS 2006 , NIS 2007 is n't intuitive and does n't have much of customisable features . Ad-blocking and Popup-blockers have been removed from NIS . You ca n't specify this product to block particular internet sites as opposed to NIS 2006 . I am not that impressed by this product anymore as it does nothing more than slowing down your machine .
 I have been using Norton Internet Security since 2001 and fairly satisfied with it . However I am disappointed with the 2007 version .1 . Parent control and some other options are bundled into an Add-on Pack . The documentation that comes with the software did not mention that . I had to use online chat with tech to find out where the download is . The download is free .2 . This version of parental control does not have the feature to create/map Norton users to your Windows XP users . The parental control of 2007 is global per computer and can not map out a different URL access list for each individual computer user . I have two kids and their URL access list is different from mine and my wife 's . I chatted with the online tech help and they told me that Symantic removed the feature in 2007 because of `` Security Concerns '' . I would really be serious to review products from other vendors next year .
 Let me first start off by saying that you will consider any Norton product a virus if you try to uninstall it . It wraps itself up so thoroughly into Windows that removing all traces of it is nearly impossible without professional help.Norton will write itself not only into multiple registry entries , but it will also add itself to the start routines of many kinds of software -LRB- i.e. , Windows Explorer and Office Word -RRB- so that , even if you uninstall it via the recommended steps , you will still hang your computer as the browser and word processor sit and wait for a non-existent Norton to start . To REALLY get rid of this horrible bloatware , you have to completely edit the registries * or just lay down a clean install of Windows . Just do a search for `` Norton uninstall '' and you 'll see endless forums of people agonizing over this ... but Norton 's support FAQ provides nothing more than some general tips -LRB- with no detailed troubleshooting -RRB- and a removal tool that does n't remove the products completely . This is unacceptable!Norton used to be the biggest name in computer security , but somewhere along the way they began thinking that making their product UNREMOVABLE without professional -LRB- read
 Have three Dell computer -LRB- two desktops and laptop with Norton Internet Security Suite 2006 installed -RRB- and installed the Norton Internet Secuity on all three with the following results .1 . Desktop with 1.5 gigs of memory and 2.8 Pentium 4 with XP home edition . Installed with some problems that cleared when rebooted twice . Seems to be working ok . No virus detected except some tracking cookies .2 . Laptop with 1 gig of memory with XP home edition . Did not install correctly and required the removal program from Symantec to clean up the mess . Intalled ok with again more reboots then instructions call for . No virus detected except some tracking cookies .3 . Desktop with 1 gig of memory with XP professional . This computer is used as a server with a two POS terminals . Installation was a disaster . Required removal and install four times . Norton is still not working correctly as a error code 3035,7 is being generated.Recommendations : Install some other product . Norton is not a product for the faint of heart . If you insist on installing Norton then read on : Probably will not have a problem on an ordinary fairly new system . I would make the recommendation that you use the removal tool from the Symantec website if doing an upgrade from an older Norton product . Not using the removal tool before upgrading may trash your system . Warning - this removal tool removes other Norton products not just the one you are upgrading . My server system would not recognize the POS terminals when I removed Norton via Windows Add/Removal . Only the Symantec removal tool cleaned up the mess plus removal of other Norton products.Product support from Symantec consists of instructions from `` Kuzar '' which are obvious script support . The instructions had me clear the temporary files and use the Symantec Removal Tools then install Norton again . Start in the safe mode and scan the system for virus . Of course this ignores that Norton 2006 was installed to keep the viruses out . Other procedures were followed even when they did not make logical sense . So far I have about 60 hours into this . Have not gotten any further support for two weeks after following the script procedures . Good luck
 You would think with as much money and resources as Symantec Corporation possesses , it would take enough pride in itself to produce a half-way decent product . However , over the past five years , there has been a steady degeneration of anti-virus and security suite software . Norton is probably the worst offender . Starting around 2004 , I noticed that its anti-virus software began deluging my CPU , the pinnacle of which was the 2006 security suite program . I vowed that I would not purchase another Norton product after its 2006 internet security suite release . However , I am a glutton for punishment and bought the 2007 upgrade of the security suite software . On the positive side , it is not as slow as the 2006 version . Unfortunately , to make this CPU killer slightly faster , the programmers at Symantec took out some importance features , like parental control , while diluting some of the interface graphics , giving the new version the appearance of some morphed second-rate project of a half-inebriated software designer in West Bengal.Worse , after using the product for two months , it started to become rebellious , popping up error screens , and turning off the program 's protections . I un-installed and re-installed the product three times and the same screens popped up -LRB- I even conducted multiple scans with other installed anti-virus software and spyware and had no problems , except with Norton , naturally -RRB- . The last straw was my foolish attempt to talk to a live human being at Symantec about this , which of course cost me as much as the product itself , and further exacerbated by the inability of the operator to speak decipherable English -LRB- never mind the fact they were clueless as to what was wrong , spent almost five minutes talking to an `` administrator , '' followed by reading my solution to me in broken English -LSB- which summated to telling me to re-install the program -RSB- -RRB- . After all of this , I finally uninstalled the program -LRB- which you have to use an uninstaller from the Symantec web page , to guarantee that you remove its hidden installations that the uninstaller from the Add/Remove programs from the control panel will miss -RRB- . I now use Avast ! freeware and have yet to encounter any problems . Better yet , it does not slow my computer to the point that I need an hour glass to measure my every upload of a page . Lesson learned . Symantec , I will never purchase or use another one of your programs at home or work . And to the people surfing and searching for a product to buy , take to heart not only this review , but all the others warning you , as the ratings of this product , as well as other Norton programs , are indicative of the inferior product you will be wasting your money on .
 I had been a satisfied Symantec customer since Windows 3.1 . However , I recently tried to reinstall this product after having reinstalled Windows on a computer I purchased it for . -LRB- I had bought 3 licenses for 3 computers -RRB- Reinstallation is completely blocked by their activation process . Two hour long calls to Customer Service and a contact to email service all told me to buy another license . `` Please note that , as per End User License Agreement -LRB- EULA -RRB- , one license = one installation on one computer . However , Symantec understands that user may need to re-install the software in case of hard drive failure , etc , therefore , it has provided 2 extra licenses . However , our server indicates that these licenses have been used . Hence , I recommend you to purchase a new copy of the software at an upgrade price . '' They do n't let me reinstall ! Even with a valid license ! DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT . And Symantec , say goodbye to another previously loyal customer .
 I read a number of reviews that indicated Norton Internet Security -LRB- `` NIS '' -RRB- 2007 was much improved over previous versions . I 've been running NIS 2006 and was deciding whether to renew my NIS 2006 subscription or upgrade to NIS 2007 . I opted for the latter.When I installed NIS 2007 , I was surprised to see that it did not include features such as Parental Controls and Antispam . After some searching , I was able to find a free download called NIS 2007 Add On that includes these features . That 's the good news.The bad news is that they do n't work well . Parental Controls is a joke , since you can no longer manage the controls by account . This means that if you want to set strict filtering for your six-year old , everyone else that uses the computer must also live with strict filtering . This is fine if you like to look at six-year old sites all the time , or if you are liberal enough to let your six-year old look at more mature sites . Otherwise , it 's bad news . Shame on you , Symantec . Someone was n't thinking about the user experience on this one.The other disappointment is that my machine -LRB- P4 2.8 Ghz , 1 Gig RAM , 500 Gig HD -RRB- boots much more slowly with NIS 2007 than it did with NIS 2006 . Many of the reviews I read about NIS 2007 talked about how Symantec removed much of the bloat . That has not been my experience at all . The booting process now takes over 4 minutes , where it used to take 2 . It makes me wonder how many people Symantec might be paying to write good reviews . -LRB- Note to Symantec
 I would give this product a ZERO star rating if I could , but alas , option not available.Also not available is adequate support if you experience the dreaded LU1825 or other error reports.Apparently , there is a problem Symantec is not too keen on explaining -LRB- per my experiences chatting over three days to resolve issue - a phone call costs $ 9.95 -RRB- about errors with the LiveUpdate . I have been stuck with this product , which came with my new HP M7680 -LRB- I actually bought it in December 2006 -RRB- , not only because it does not update the virus definitions , but other newer applications such as Norton Confidential which do not work.Fixing it requires quite a bit patience , time , and experience ; if you 're new to computers or know little , this will be a treacherous journey!Uninstalling it is challenging ! I am actively trying at this moment to get rid of it and will gladly pay up to $ 100 for any other anti-virus software.After many years of Norton , I bid Syamntec farewell for good !
 I had 2006 and got tired of the nagging messages for 2 months from Norton to upgrade . So I got Norton Internet Security 2007 . When I tried to install it tried to unintall Norton 2006 and could n't do it sucessfully . In fact it caused a fatal error that almost destroyed my OS.So I had to call HP for support cause it would only boot to a blue screen , pull memory cards and cables , use Registry Mechanic and The Ultimate Troubleshooter to pull some more Norton out manually and remove some startup files.Today I downloaded a Norton Removal tool from their site , and hopefull this will actually remove their bugware , and 2007 will install . If not , I 'm going to Macafee if that will even install without Norton completely removed . Thanks a million , Symantec . 1 Star .
 I just finished reformatting my hard drive because Norton crashed it . It did not want to install on Vista even though it is supposed to but with special three page instructions it did . I am telling you after two hours with dell fixing the damaged windows system the reformatting and loosing all my info was even more fun . Onecare works great , McAfee OK , Avast which is free works good . Trend Micro is one of my favorites . Just do n't pick this one , it 's not ready for Vista yet .
 This product is a system killer . I decided to upgrade to '07 after using '05 for a couple of years . I was perfectly happy with ' 05 , but they now make it very difficult to resubscribe , so it 's more convenient to upgrade . I would much rather have the user and system resource-friendly '05 right now . This software crippled my machine to the point where scrolling on webpages and trying to click on links became a waiting game . I picked up at least a minute on my startup time once I removed this digital rain delay . It was a tremendous disappointment never once having a problem with previous versions.I 've been loyal to Norton for several years , but this software has turned me off to them forever . I 'm not sure what system they tested this program on in the lab , but it certainly was n't anything like the system of the average home PC user -LRB- and my system is rather high-end compared to the average PC -RRB- . If you buy this software , go ahead and purchase some more RAM while you 're here , you 'll be needing it .
 The clock starts ticking on all three licenses the moment you activate on any computer . This means that you will lose license days if you do n't install Norton Internet Security Suite 3 User on all three computers on the same day.For those with earlier versions on multiple computers , your best bet is to install this product and `` eat '' the license days on the earlier versions after the first computer 's license expires , or to look for single user versions.I did n't understand this recent change in Symantec 's licensing methods , and lost over four months of license days as a result.Another thing to be aware of is that anti-virus software , including Norton , is reactive rather than proactive in guarding against viruses and worms . Norton depends on signatures , and if a new virus is not in the signature file , it may be able to evade Norton and install itself . So , practice safe computing by never responding to spam -LRB- no matter how good the product offered -RRB- and avoiding using the same key computer for music downloads and online banking .
 I only upgraded to '07 when I bought a Vista Notebook and found you could n't install '06 on it . Then I used it to upgrade my XP desktop and realized what a terrible product it was.Sure , it does an excellent job of blocking things
 I renewed my subscription online and the software refuses to acknowledge it . I have contacted tech support and they have made the same suggestions that are on their website . I have done every one of their suggested fixes with no luck and am still waiting for them to get back to me after more than a week since their last contact . I get messages notifying me of a new threat and asking me to renew my subscription every day.Another thing is that you can not renew your subscription online without signing up for automatic renewals . There is no option for getting out of it unless you go back to their website later . You can not renew without signing up for automatic renewals . I will happily accept my money back and go buy a new copy.If anyone from Symantec wants to follow up on this , my info followsTechnical Support -LSB- Incident :070215 -001613 -RSB-
 After installation of the upgrade I found that I was routinely getting `` engine error '' notifications across a red bar when I would be on the net , in perfectly acceptable sites like my email login page or the newspaper . The notification itself is unhelpful since it does not say what caused it , and I had to go through the Norton website over a dozen pages back and forth to find a way to get a hold of a customer service person . When I finally did manage to get someone to call me they got me to disable and then enable the phishing function as the way to get rid of the error message . This resolution was shortlived since soon after that my IE6 crashed . According to MS ' online crash analysis `` this was an `` Error caused by Client and Host Security Platform -LRB- ccapp.exe -RRB-
 This is what happened to me :1 -RRB- I installed it ; 2 -RRB- Outlook and Word stopped working , giving me an error message ; 3 -RRB- I uninstalled Norton ISS 2007 ; 4 -RRB- Disaster strikes
 If you value your sanity , do not buy this product . I have had it for two months , and I can almost say that a Trojan horse is preferable to this god-awful Norton-style `` protection . '' Every two weeks something goes haywire , and I have to go through a five-page , two-hour ritual of uninstalling , restarting , deleting , reinstalling , restarting , etc. . In addition , LiveUpdate runs almost constantly in the background , while seemingly never actually downloading any updates . On the few occasions that Norton has deigned to allow me to run LiveUpdate on my own , there are always several updates available . I turned off the automatic LiveUpdate to no avail . Norton has a mind of its own , and apparently you need a degree in rocket science to figure out how to manage even the simplest of setting changes . For instance , I have clicked on every link I could find and have yet to figure out how to add a website to a safe list , or if there even is a safe list . Norton is a memory-hogging , soul-sucking program whose frustration factor is so high as to hardly be worth any peace of mind it provides .
 I bought this product in December 2006 and installed it on my laptop and it worked quite well . A few months later , however , I ran into an unconnected hard disk problem , had to reinstall all my software , and eventually replaced the hard disk . This involved reactivating the Symantec software . I had to do this about three times and eventually was given am `` Activation failed '' message because I had too many reinstalls . Now the fun started . There is no simple way to contact Symantec . Three times I talked through a `` chat '' with Symantec employees in India who eventually said they could n't help me because I did n't buy the product directly from Symantec . I waited for an hour on a technical support phone line before being dropped . I 've sent e-mail messages with no responses . I had been been very patient since I 've used Symantec programs for many years , but these activation restrictions that prevent me from reinstalling on the SAME machine -LRB- in spite of advertising to the contrary -RRB- and the associated lack of support have been just too much . Guess who 'll never again buy another Symantec program ?
 I have two desktops , one running Win XP -LRB- Dell Dimension 4600 , 2.8 Ghz , one running Win Vista , 2.4 Ghz dual core -RRB- . I ran the full scan starting at the same time on both using Norton Internet Security 2007 . The XP version scanned almost 600,000 items in less than 2 hours . The Vista version is still running after almost 8 hours and has managed only about 233,000 items . The Vista PC is normally a fast machine . It seems that Norton has some work to do to take advantage of dual core technology . Had I known it was going to be this slow -LRB- not the first time , either -RRB- , I 'd have opted for ZoneLabs . Zonelabs also found spamware that was not detected by Norton . Granted that it was low-risk , but Norton should have found this kind of stuff as well.I 'd probably look more carefully next time before buying a security suite .
 After years of using Symantec Norton Antivirus and related internet security products , the upgrade to 2007 seemed like a no brainier . That was until the install started . If you run into error 9999,171 you may as well give up , it is over.Following the Symantec directions for resolution of the dreaded 9999,171 error caused the entire windows XP install to be corrupt and necessitated reinstallation . Believing that a reinstall was not all bad as it would clean up several old and no longer used software pieces and provide a clean base for installing Symantec I marched forward . Once XP was installed and current with the patches it was time to install Symantec again . No luck , I was still receiving the 9999,171 error.Now it was time to get someone on the phone for support . This is a good trick since Symantec does not readily publish a phone number for support . The number by the way is 877-832-2810 . Be prepared for a long wait on hold . During four support calls I experienced no less that 40 minutes on hold and the longest was over one hour . Support is provided by offshore resources in India so not only are you fighting a technical problem you must also overcome the language barrier.The four separate calls to support resulted in multiple steps to clean up old installs , prep for install , reboot , reinstall , hack through the registry , and oh yah corrupt windows XP again needing a second reinstall . During the final call , the support rep finally gave up and indicated the Symantec could not be installed on this Windows XP machine.I have since moved on to McAfee Internet Security Suite 2007 . The install took about ten minutes and I am now up and running again .
 I purchased this as an upgrade to my antivirus protection and it has been the worst mistake and the worst software I have purchased in 10 years ! My computer is only 1 year old and it slowed performance to a crawl . I tried with no success to disable several components that were causing problems which Norton does not allow . I finally uninstalled the program and tried to go back to a regular AntiVirus but guess what it left remnants of the firewall installed and I could no longer use Internet Explorer to access the internet .
 Numerous people comment about how they are continually pestered by the `` your subscription is about to expire '' message which , as far as I know , can NOT be disabled . Just another way to get a few bucks since you are forced to decide whether to put up with the messages or just install the newer version.Since I have multiple computers , I purchased the 3 user pack . Since the NIS 2006 on the three computers did NOT expire at the same time , I waited as long as I could -LRB- I finally gave up as in paragraph 1 -RRB- before upgrading . These comments are after I have performed three upgradesComments :1 -RRB- This is the FIRST time NIS has ever installed cleanly and without any problems . Consider what a pain the many previous installations have been I was hoping other problems were corrected too .2 -RRB- LiveUpdate required 10-15MB and actually worked on dialup .3 -RRB- Norton ripped me off of 1 1/2 months of license time on the third installation . -LRB- which was a month after the first two installations -RRB- Specifically , having lost the end of the previous license period because I was tired off the `` renew now '' messages , when I activated installation # 3 I was told I had 338 days remaining -LRB- THIS IS BASED ON THE FIRST INSTALLATION -RRB- I wish that someone in the US government would go after Norton as I am sick of being rippped off and ripped off and ripped off by this company -LRB- the other ripoff is `` your subscription has expired ; renew now '' . You can reactivate but many people do n't realize how and they probably just fork up the money -RRB-
 I purchased Norton Internet Security -LRB- NIS -RRB- 2007 as my year with NIS 2006 was up and I did n't want the hastle of moving to the security suite that is included with my monthly subscription to Comcast . Unfortunately by installing NIS 2007 I was unable to use Internet Explorer -LRB- IE -RRB- v 6 , as the browser would quickly crash with each web site I visited . I followed Norton 's advice of removing various IE add-ins and made about eight calls to Norton 's help desk in all . Norton 's conclusion is that my IE installation was corrupt . My conclusion is that NIS 2007 was the problem and must be avoided , because once I UN-installed NIS 2007 and Norton Confidential -LRB- read on to learn how -RRB- IE worked perfectly -LRB- and a little faster , I must add -RRB- . WOULD I BUY NIS EVERY AGAIN - NO WAY !!! How to uninstall NIS 2007 ? -LSB- ... -RSB- If you are having trouble doing this because LiveUpdate is running -LRB- and you ca n't stop it -RRB- then reboot the computer and once you see the icon on your desktop , double click it and quickly follow the prompts.Then install the software that is likely provided as part of your monthly subscription by your ISP . If it happens to be NIS then shop around for an alternative ... Oh , and even though I had problems using NIS 2007 with IE version 6 , Symantec acknowledges that NIS 2007 is not compatible with IE version 7 . So if you are moving to IE 7 , also avoid NIS 2007 because it probably will cause additional issues .
 This program is terrible , but by amazon erasing all the reviews you may be fooled into buying this Dont buy it and file a complaint with amazon for censorship of the truth ... Update 7/19/07 The reviews have been restored , but install at your own risk ! I would not recommend this program to my worst enemy . Like norton antivirus 2007 and norton 360 , you may suffer system crashes computer damage , or a virus that norton misses . Avoid ! You have been warned .
 I did not purchase this from Amazon . I should have . I tried downloading it from their -LRB- Symantec 's -RRB- website . File did not complete download . No big deal there . I 'm very tech able and just downloaded the setup program again . However , the setup.exe program would not download the program again because nothing I could do would convince it I had not already . And , of course , I had . But the file was corrupt . So , I first went to Symantec 's knowledge base and meticulously followed the steps laid out there to fix this exact problem . Opps , those steps do not work . So , broke down to call their Tech Support . I have NO bias against people in India in any way at all . However , having spent three hours with various tech support people there now on this -LRB- should be very simple problem -RRB- , no one could come up with a solution . Upon the final suggestion to do a very low probability thing -LRB- online scan for problems -RRB- , I gave up . I had alredy exhausted their repertoire of tech savvy , as well as my own which is considerable . So , this product is likely the best norton has ever done -- with recent reviews stating norton has finally solved their historically horrendous problem of causing performance hit -LRB- for any of their products -RRB- . So , was willing to try it after spending years of avoiding Norton . Well , going back to ignoring them . So , I suppose this program is quite good as long as nothing at all goes wrong installing it . But , if you have a problem , good luck on useful tech support . They do n't seem to know all the places that even their download manager software makes changes in the system in order to correct the problem . So , what else are they NOT yet on top of?Since I and partners own a company , I get to mess with a lot of computers -LRB- if I want to , and I often can not resist -RRB- . I can add to the above comments that I was NOT able to successfully install this product on two out of five computers . Huge waste of time with typical Norton Proprietory protection systems related to installation . Really frustrating . I just gave up on my Thinkpad and went back to Zone Alarm . Also gave up on a Sony . It 's running nicely on another Sony and on a Toshiba . Key point here is that they have some serious installation issues and problems , especially if you have ever used a prior Norton product that did n't get fully installed -LRB- and yes , I 've used their special uninstaller -RRB- . So , in my view , despite the great reviews that Norton finally has become the anti-bloat , and runs MORE efficiently than other security products -LRB- just amazing for this company -RRB- -- and these claims seem quite true -- the other problems make it not ready for prime time unless you are happy with a 1/2 chance of getting it working right and keeping it working right . -LRB- at least , as of 4/21/07 -RRB-
 I received Norton Internet Security as part of a new HP system . I am not impressed . Fact , is certain viruses are less annoying than this software . As has been noted , Norton Internet Security is annoying in that it reminds you every day to `` renew now or later '' . I have a thirty day free subscription and feel that I 'm bugged to death or being Blackmailed . In addition , I often receive MORE popups with their `` matters needing attention '' which includes subscribing again . They make the box to click off the popup really small . Today this box became a zombie process and it could n't be clicked off . Thanks , Norton . In addition , I 'm not sure why paying for a piece of software should n't get me the same results as free anti-viruses such as AVG and Spyware doctor . Both of them have found viruses that Norton has missed on my system . Norton does more than anti-virus , but they also charge more . Do n't reply to spam in your mailbox and do n't encourage Norton by buying their harsh shrill .
 I would recommend purchasing the Symantec Anti virus Only.Vista blocked the administration panels . A later updatecorrected this problem.System performance suffers due to the high loads on the system .
 This product seems to protect my system which is it 's purpose , so I give it a 2 stars . However , it slows it down horribly . I ca n't believe how long it takes -- for example -- to simply load Microsoft Word or Excel.Also there is no free support.I had neither of these problems with McAfee , but I need to use NIS to see how it affects my website pages . When I turn on the optional ad blocking feature , it inserts code into them and crashes them .
 I am a software engineer -LRB- 40 ! years experience -RRB- . This is the worst software from Symantec yet . It gets my Outhouse Award -LRB- minus 5 stars -RRB- .1 -RRB- Not compatible with Win 2000 . I run both Win 2000 & Win Xp !!!! 2 -RRB- They removed the spam protection !!! This is probably the most annoyingthing of all . Being a computer professional , I called and asked how tointegrate my NIS security spam protection with Outlook Express . I wastold that 's not part of NIS 2007 anymore . When asked why , I was toldthat most customers did n't care for it . For crying out loud , when youre-mail is 50 to 70 % spam , this is extremely important . So theyrealized their mistake -LRB- or had plans to charge extra for the SPAMprotection -RRB- and made available an ADD-ON plugin which you have to down-load & install separately !! I feel sorry for those customers that arecomputer illiterates -LRB- the majority of users -RRB- .3 -RRB- I have the NIS icon in the sys tray -LRB- bottom corner of screen -RRB- . It usedto be yellow if all was OK , and red if NIS was disabled . Now they addeda dark orange character in the icon as a warning if `` WINDOWS autoupdate '' is disabled !!! It looks almost red & I can no longerglance at the icon to see if things are OK -LRB- who could do somethingstupid like this ? -RRB- . Symantec can you hearrr meeee
 Horrible installation problems ... Have n't had so much trouble since 1995 . Now it has to be re-activated every day when I boot up the computer . I 've spent hours on their live chat and e-mail support talking with people who do n't understand english and trying the `` canned '' fixes that do n't work . It is a 3 license CD and it does the re-activation stunt on both of my computers . Somebody at Symantec needs to be FIRED on this one . BEWARE OF THIS TURKEY ! Keep 2006 and upgrade . Read the other reviews here for a host of other problems . I 've been using Norton for years ... 2007 is an insult .
 Norton has come a long way since this version . This one was just not friendly to the user . Most PC users do n't want to work with the Internet Security software . To be honest , I do n't think the security parameters that I set changed anything .
 Norton Internet Security 2007 load was terrible . I used the program remove tools to remove NIS 2006 . The load went ok until I tried to update the virus protection . I would not update and said my subscription was expired , even though the NIS 2007 said I had 366 days left.I went to Norton tech support and loaded a patch to fix this problem but did not work . Still said my subscription was expired . On line chat went through all my t/s steps again and finally sent me a new NIS program -LRB- I think it may be NIS 2008 -RRB- and this fixed my problem . I had read alot of horror stories about this s/w but figured others did not follow instructions on removal of old s/w or HW requirements . But not the case this s/w was not properly validated .
 Very disappointed in this product . Had to uninstall and reinstall MANY times during the 1 year subscription .
 I have used Norton internet security products for many years . I never had a problem with prior versions ... this one is awful . Less than two months after I installed it I got the good old `` your subscription has expired '' message . I had to reinstall the software . Less than a month after that ... same exact thing . Then I get a constant big red X on my security icon . . when I open it , it tells me I need to run live update . After I do ... as in a minute after I do ... I get the exact same indicator.Hello , NORTON ! I have nothing out of the ordinary -LRB- I stress this point . . nothing -RRB- on my computer , and have loaded NO new software since I installed this `` security nightmare '' in the fall of 07 . So any possible `` software conflict '' excuse is out of the question.BEFORE one releases software such as this on the unsuspecting public ... they should ensure that it does what it is intended to do ... CORRECTLY . I stress . . BEFORE . Do n't just slam something on the market because its release date has arrived . Furthermore , try hiring qualified individuals that can actually design software that actually meet the requirements of your `` design plan '' and perform as intended !!! Not a seemingly tough concept.I gave this a two star rating only because I am giving the software the benefit of the doubt that it actually DOES have the capability to scan for viruses ... and is n't just made to appear as if it is ! Who knows !
 I have used Symantec / Norton Intenet Security for over five years . Yes , there was always a performance hit , but thats a trade-off I was willing to accept . But Norton Internet Security 2007 has been nothing but problems on my new Vista PC . The latest is that although the 3-user license does n't expire until October 1 , 2008 , only 6 weeks later I get the `` Your subscription has expired '' message from Norton . Having faithfully registered the product , I checked `` My Account '' on Symantec 's website - the good news was that it showed my subscription was only six weeks old also . Unfortunately , my copy of Norton showed an `` expired '' date , telephone support was $ 9.95 an incident so I went to their free `` chat '' internet support . First support person tries to sell me another subscription -LRB- if subscriptions only last six weeks , who can afford them ? -RRB- , then finally admits he 's not really from tech support , but from sales . Great . I finally get a technician , using remote access , but Norton Internet Security wo n't respond , so of course the `` solution '' is to reboot . So there goes your chat room connection , of course you can always go back and wait in the queue and hope for better luck next time . Unfortunately , the better decision now is to uninstall Norton and write off my purchase . The only good news is that I had n't installed the other two licenses , so I wo n't have to uninstall them as well .
 I have had NIS for about 4 years . Each year the upgrade process becomes more difficult and problematic . This year I got the renewal notice and AFTER entering my credit card information the download process crashed . After a 30 minute wait I finally got someone on the IM chat who was of no help . I had also emailed tech support and got a response the next day , but after following their instructions I finally got back to the download process and again it crashed AFTER taking my credit card information . Assuming that I may have made an error I tried the process again . I later got two emails and had been charged for two download purchases , even though neither went through . After several hours I finally got a successful download . These guys make a good product but their download/upgrade process needs some serious work to make the process painless to the customer . I ca n't believe they make a profit if every user has as many problems as I had , requiring intervention every time .
 As of September 2007 , Vista has been the default Windows platform for one year . As a result I feel that all 2007 software should be Vista compatible . While the Norton Internet Security package is usuable for my wife 's XP laptop , it is useless for my new Vista desktop . That one must purchase 2008 software in the last quarter of 2007 is a travesty . This only shows the greed of software manufacturers like Norton to boost their sales by requiring more money spent to use the next year 's software in order to accomodate a platform that has been on the market for an entire year . For this reason I give Norton and all other 2007 software packages that are not Vista compatible no higher than a `` 2 '' out of `` 5 . ''
 I bought this last year . First no Spam filter unless you go to Symantec 's website and download the accessory pack.I loaded this on 3 PC 's at home , not too much problems overall except for the Spam filter , and the `` CCAP '' pop up when shutting down.Here 's the big problem , if you go to renew the subscription , it only renews it for 1 -LRB- one -RRB- PC ! If you want to renew your other PC 's it 's loaded on , you have to pay for each individual PC . It 's $ 50 to renew , so it would cost me $ 150 for coverage on all my PC 's ! If you buy the package for 3 PC 's you renewal should cover all 3 PC 's for one price!Norton has pretty much lost my business !!
 I recently upgraded to 2007 . Huge mistake . Spam filter now gone and I am back to getting hundreds of junk e-mails a day ! 2006 worked fine - but slow . 2007 is a huge steo backward .
 I will be filing a formal complaint with my State 's Consumer Protection Division to investigate this product and Norton 's methods of coercing users to renew their product , quickly on an annual basis.I have been using Norton anti-virus protection on my computer for at least 3 years.Since then , I have noticed a pattern of serious computer crashes within a few days of the annual product expiration date.The cost of repair each time runs me about $ 150.00 . So year after year , I rush to purchase the new product update.Until this year , I wondered about the pattern of annual crashes , but concluded that my observation of the correlation of serious/expensive computer crash was not random , but predictable.How did I draw my conclusion?My spouse 's computer is protected with Norton . We do not share the same product copy . I predicted on September 10 , 2007 that her computer would have a very serious Crash within a few days of the expiration date of the Norton Product . On September 18 , 2007 , about two or three days after receiving the expiration date notice it Crashed.Now bear in mind that , the computer in question is not frequently used.In 2006 , I was forced to replace my laptop due to my Norton experience . I wondered then about the pattern , but simply dismissed it.Well this year , I will ask the Consumer Protection Division in my State 's Attorney General 's Office to look into the pattern of the problem observed and help to verify if the problem is more widespread .
 All the useful and important features regarding ad blocking , cookieshandling , blocking programs from accessing the internet etc. . . are allGONE ! It seems that Norton has either succumbed to pressure from onlineadvertising companies or wanted to make extra profit on the expense ofits customers . I 've been using Norton since 1999 and it was great , the2007 is horrible compared to its predecessors .
 I bought this product to update 2006 Norton Internet Security . Three days after I installed it , the computer shut down with a message stating that the recently installed software conflicted with Windows . After several attempts to restart , my computer is now at a Computer Doctor store hopefully being fixed by a technician . This product was a lot more expensive than I thought.I do n't know what product I 'm going to use now but my advice is to run away as fast as you can from Norton !!!
 Installation is a major problem - and the manual and website are of no help . This company needs to learn a bit about the user experience . Despite repeated attempts the software would go through the entire install only to say `` not installed properly '' . It has tremendously slowed down Windows , as reported by others , despite plenty of memory and a faster machine . Save yourself the grief and stay away .
 After reading many reviews and talking to many computer people who are in the know I decided NOT to install this product on my computer . It was not worth taking the chance of having problems . PC-cillin went on my computers great and has found and stopped many things that Norton did not . After 10 years of using Norton products I changed and I am happy I did . It is a shame they allowed a good product to have so many problems .
 After few hours of trouble shooting and plus approximately one hour live chat with Norton tech , I gave up on NIS 2007 . If all reviews posted here do not changed your mind in purchasing the NIS 2007 , think again , again and again . Do you really want to go through all the troubles others had ??
 I am not directly involved with Symantec 's business , but the quality of this product certainly leaves one wondering where Symantec was coming from when they came up with this one ... Perhaps it was necessary to focus their development team on the problem posed by Vista ? So , commonize that development effort with NIS2007 XP , and simplify as much as possible?The resulting product leaves a lot to be desired . The user interface is confusing , and the product lacks significant features , even with the downloadable add-ons . Probably going to be remembered as one of the worst products of the year.Yuck .
 Norton Internet Security 2007 has to be one of the worst products that I have ever purchased . It slowed my PC to an unacceptable level . When I disabled some of its unnecessary functions , it continued to slow my PC and gave me the bonus of irritating & uneccesary notifications / warnings . I was a longtime , dedicated user of Norton , but that has changed . Try something else and avoid reduction of speed , adding an addtional bar to screen your screen , additional clutter and other deficiencies . If Amazon had a rating for less than one star , I would have given one of those negative ratings.Amazon should not sell an item with such poor quality . I have yet to see somebody say something good about it which would come close to justifying its negative characteristics . CAN SOMEBODY RECOMMEND AS BETTER ANTI-VIRUS ?
 BEWARE !!! This 2007 version is full of bugs and will slow your computer down to a snail 's pace . Also , when uninstalling the product , it removed the Internet Explorer from my computer . Apparently , Norton uses their own version of Internet Explorer -LRB- looks just like IE 7 -RRB- except with a bright green `` Fraud Monitor '' bar across the top . It was an easy fix however ... just go into Add/Remove programs and re-install the Internet Explorer component and everything is back to normal . I must say that this is a very disappointing product . I have previously been a loyal consumer of Symantec products since 1999 ! AMAZON.COM is Awesome !!!
 For far this security suite is the worst I have ever try , transforms your system in a really slow system , I use to use Norton products but not any more .
 Various professional reviews give Norton high marks for worm and spyware detection and the like , and I have no reason to dispute them . But I suspect Norton is as bad as what it guards against in terms of its effect on computer performance . A quick startup to check on weather , say , or check on e-mail , no longer is possible
 I have been a Norton customer for over ten years , each year I upgrade and have all of the Norton products . Now I realized all I have done is to waste time and money slowing my computer down and supporting a company that gives you less and less each year . Get COMODO and Spysweeper , the only serious virus I ever got knocked Norton out , but Spysweeper removed it . For some reason Go Back stopped working.Computer speed , customer service , value for the money , tech support , less each year are the reasons I dropped Norton .
 The specs for this product say 256MB is sufficient to run this software . It might be sufficient if it is the only software on the computer -LRB- especially since Windows XP requires more RAM than older versions -RRB- . Just like the guy with 2G of RAM , my computer has slowed to the point of being non-functional . To keep it from freezing , I turned off automatic Windows and the suite 's live update . Kind of defeats one of the reasons for having a security suite .
 I 've been a subscriber of Norton 's Anti Virus program every year , ever since I bought my first computer in the mid-90 's . While I have always appreciated the protection that Norton 's systems provide , it surely appears as though , every year , the program hogs more and more system resources and slows applications down so much that I have reached the conclusion that another system protection program needs to be considered . Having stripped some valuable parts from its previous editions with 2007 -LRB- such as Email protection and ad blocking -RRB- , they now offer those on a free basis as an add-on download from their website . However , when I added it on , I noticed the start-up on my 3.4 ghz . processor to slow to well over 4 minutes ! Once I removed Norton and reinstalled it , start up time returned to less than 1 minute . When I reinstalled the add-on , once again it slowed to a snail 's pace.Why a Symantec takes a good product and makes it worse is beyond me . I have a McAfee program on my laptop that provides solid protection , yet does n't seem to drain the computer of its resources nor slow down start up time . I 'm very disappointed with what Norton is doing and I would no longer recommend it without qualification . If you have previous editions , I would recommend keeping them -LRB- if you want to stay with Norton -RRB- and buy the extended subscriptions instead .
 Nothing but trouble with this . Causes my computer to freeze at any time and ca n't be shutdown except by turning off power . Note the $ 29.95 fee for phone support . Thats bull ! I spent 4 hours one night with online support -LRB- over two hours to get connected with someone -RRB- but still did n't get it resolved . Finally just had to uninstall the software , then stll had problems to resolve . There MUST be better stuff than this . I 'm not likely to buy another Norton/Symantec product .
 After 2 days - 7 hours online with tech chat yesterday and 1.5 hours on the phone today , this software will not completely run on my office pc . I have followed every article , every change , every setting -LRB- some they have had me do 3 times ! -RRB- , still same problem , same error message . They finally refunded my money and told me to buy a disk instead of downloading . I installed Norton System Works 2007 on home PC and spent 2 days trying to get all the features working on my laptop . This is the last year I will buy Norton anything !
 I installed this software without problems on my four year old Gateway P4 desktop running Windows XT . I have used Norton for many years and Internet Security since last year . No problems so far on the desktop , other than the usual Norton annoyances -LRB- slows everything down a bit -RRB- . It was not unreasonable , then , to expect that it would install without problems on my Toshiba Tablet PC that is only one year old . I am running Windows XT Tablet Edition with Office 2003 and some Toshiba software on it . I ran the inital screen for conflicting software , and it made me uninstall Spybot Search and Destroy -LRB- it did not make me do this on my desktop . -RRB- I did that and proceeded with the install . It worked fine , even confirming a successful install . Then it froze . I clicked to close it , but it warned me not to stop it until it finished its process . After a good half an hour it froze . I then tried to uninstall it using the disk and it did uninstall , however it disabled my wireless interface card in the process . Not so good on a laptop . I then did some research and found a Norton uninstall program . Tried to reset windows using the built in utility to recover the system -- got the wireless back , but also partial Norton running but not doing anything . Tried to uninstall , said it was n't installed when I tried to use the disk . Uninstalled using the Norton uninstall wizard , that worked but shut down my wireless again.After several hours , I took it into work and my IT guy , after admonishing me for being so stupid as to use anything from Norton , spent two days getting rid of Norton and getting my Tablet to recognize the wireless network . I 'm now running PCcillin on the tablet without problems.I can not recommend this product -- its terrible .
 My computer used to boot in 3 minutes , after installing the NIS2007 , it takes 25 minutes . -LRB- my computer is 1.7 GHz with 640 MB RAM -RRB- . After I installed , my skype telephony stopped working . My speakers stopped too - no more music . After un-installing , my skype got alright through tiptel cyberbox 100 but not through my spakers . Still no music . Try to get help from symantec but they do n't seem to get my emails . I have decided to go without NIS 2007 . I want to return it but they are not refunding since the fine print says only US or Cnada refunds . Looks like I lost the money I paid for it and more because my speakers are not working and it costs to solve this problem .
 I am very disappointed with Norton AntiVirus 2007 . The 2002 version it replaced was much better.I purchased the AntiVirus 2007 on a CD . Installed it per Symantec 's written documentation . Since its installation my Microsoft XP system has repeatedly abended at shut-down . When I restart my Microsoft Windows XP I have encountered occasions where Microsoft has had to restart my computer in safe-mode . Norton Anti Virus 2007 in the only software I have installed in the past six months . Prior to the 2007 installation I had full confidence in the protection provided by my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 . It is a shame that Symantec stopped subscription updates to the 2002 version . The 2007 version compared to 2002 is bad news.Note
 As typical , Norton can not even unistall its old version properly . After 3 installations and machine crashes , needed to download a special Norton removal tool and do it one more time . My suggestion , use this tool to remove all norton products first , also if you use Sonic Recording , update the software first , there is a DLA incompatility problem.Also this version is a real process hog !!! BEWARE
 I finally took Norton Internet security 2007 off my computer , which is not an easy task . I kept getting errors that would turn automatic virus protection off ! Once it is turned off , only by rebooting the computer could it be turned back on . Norton would say that they downloaded a fix for my error , but it would still randomly happen . It is also slow , large and really takes over your computer . I noticed that other spyware programs would discover spyware when Norton Internet Security did not . I could see that it is very particular of what software programs it will work with ... I am a computer technician , I was in love with System Works , now I will avoid this program until they once again establish their customers trust . I know of others now that will not touch this program .
 I 've been using Norton for many years and the past couple of years their products have been going down hill fast . I have had too many problems with Norton to list here so I 'll tell you about the most recent one . I have 160 days left on my subscription and I will be uninstalling Norton as soon as I get my copy of Webroot from Amazon.The latest debacle with Norton is that I get an error every time I boot up now . It says Auto Protect is off and has an error . When I click Fix Now all it does is a live update and the error still exists . Outlook will not send or receive e-mails with that portion of Norton turned on so I had to turn it off . So virtually nothing in Norton works now . I sent Norton another request to help fix the problem . Their `` solution '' included no less than 3 pages , over 900 words , and included 8 major -LRB- high level -RRB- steps . I asked them if they were kidding and have not received a response -LRB- like I expected one -RRB- . Bottom line IMO is that Norton software is garbage and their customer support -LRB- while be prompt -RRB- offers no viable solution to my problem.DO NOT WASTE A DIME ON ANYTHING FROM NORTON !!
 The free downloads of AVG Free Edition and Lavasoft Ad-Aware work better for me than Norton ever did , and are FREE !! Mwaaaahahahahaha !!! Great to see these rip-off artists slowly falling by the wayside . I despise how these daze you buy something like software or a dvd and they slobber ads all over your screen that you can not stop ! I PAID for this ??!! No thanks , and never again!The biggest scam with Norton is not only how it slows down your system , but how it completely embeds itself in all the windows registries so that it is itself now a virus ! Why not just call it Big Brother Mach 2 to go with BB Mach 1 -LRB- Windoze XP etc -RRB- ? I highly recommend anyone with XP to save all your important stuff and then wipe your hd clean . Reinstall the XP crap -LRB- Linux would be wiser ! -RRB- but say no to all the extras and Norton and DO NOT INSTALL SERVICE PACK TWO !!! IT IS A SCAM AND ONLY SLOWS DOWN YOUR HD , ADDING NO REAL SECURITY AT ALL , IN FACT JUST THE OPPOSITE . I 've done it on various computers for various friends and they all love the new faster slimmer XP and they crash much less ! You do the math.Norton blows.Bye-bye , ripoffs , hello freeware that works better and costs nothing .
 My sister and I both had Norton Internet Security . She was having problems on her computer because Norton was disabled . When she called tech support , she had to pay $ 99.95 to have them check the problem and remove some trojans and adware . After working with 4 different tech support people , they still did n't get all the trojans and adware.She finally took her computer to an IT person who found 6 Trojans and 3 adware files !! After removing them , the IT person ran a Norton scan , as it suddenly became available to open and use after that . The Norton scan gave a `` no virus and/or spyware found '' notice . He ran some more scans from free software downloaded from CNet and found 3 more trojans !! I am dumping my Norton Internet Security and going with a different software.Plus , want everyone out there to know this horror story and USE NORTON AS YOUR OWN RISK !
 I have been a fan of Symantec products for nearly two decades - since the days of Norton utilities . Now I am writing them off as unable to cope with the new complex world . I -LRB- used to -RRB- have some flavor of Norton security / firewall on all the 5 computers in my home.On one particular machine , it had trouble updating itself . I called tech support and got their help desk in India . It was a bizarre experience . The guy was polite and utterly useless . He was following a rigid script that was mostly useless and redundant things that I had already tried . But , he insisted that I have to do all those things again now that he is helping me . i.e. reboot and try again , uninstall and reinstall , check to see if I have network connectivity , try manual update , ensure OS is patched up , check for other firewall conflicts , etc.This lasted for multiple calls over 2-3 weeks . Sometimes interactive update would work but automatic update would fail . He was clearly an entry level person who could follow well scripted instructions but had no ability to actually diagnose problems or provide any real support . It was useless.I gave up and installed Kaspersky on that computer ; then I got an email requesting feedback on my support experience . I thought I would give feedback . The Survey site would not allow me to submit the form . It kept failing.Undoubtedly there is a senior VP in Symantec reporting to the executive team that they have received no negative feedback on their support.I should note that Symantec products generally have been high quality , in my experience , and work quite well . However their model seems to be that if it works it works , if it does n't tough luck . They have no support capability worth the name if you have any trouble . They have the least skilled of the third world people to go through meaningless motions with you till the problem fixes itself or you go away - like I did . For me , that is unacceptable . I will do no business with this company anymore .
 I started out using Norton -LRB- preSymantec years -RRB- when it was good software . Since Symantec purchased Norton it has turned into a problem child to say the least . They do not have an `` Uninstall '' feature , so if you put it on your machine and then try to remove it you will have to search for each . dll , each file , each and every -LRB- several -RRB- hidden installations - it took me 2 years to rid myself of it . There are far better programs out there . Norton is not rated as one of the best except by writer 's / journals who are supported by Symantec . Do not buy it .
 This is my first public review of any product . I generally dont have the time or motivation to go throught the process of posting a review . However , I have never had such a negative experience with a commercially available software package before . From beginning to end , the process of repeated attempts to install and then trying to remove NIS2007 was time-consuming , frustrating , and crippled my computer.First the operating environment details . I 'm running XP-Pro SP2 on a 2.6 ghz pentium with 1GB of RAM.Upon the de-installation of the existing NIS 2006 and Spyware Doctor applications , I proceeded with the installation of NIS 2007 . The installation appeared to go cleanly , but upon attempting to restart , my computer hung on shutting down , and upon attempting to come up , I got a blank desktop with no task bar , start menu , or desktop icons . Later , as I was working with Symantec support and was able to get a desktop back , I also experienced things as not being able to bring up the control panel or click on the ` My Computer ' icon . Of course , I had no internet access during the whole ordeal.Since I couldnt find any phone number contact in the ridiculously minimal instruction manual that came with the package , I called my local ISP to find out what they knew about the affects of using NIS 2007 . Through them I got a phone number for Symantec support . As a side note , the manual points out ways to get support if you have access to the internet and email , but gives no direction if you dont have access to those.Over the course of the next 4 days of working through my issues with NIS 2007 , my experience with Symantec support left me with the impression that they were mostly incompetent and quite innefective . I give Symantec credit for having 24/7 phone support , and I did work with one knowledgable support person there named Jay , but most of the experience was frustrating and time-consuming . The help desk is located in India , and the first problem is that they couldnt hear me though I was speaking loudly . The next problem is that I had to answer the same questions repeatedly as if the person didnt understand my answers . On a number of ocassions , I felt the person on the other end was just going through a script , and wasnt listening to what I was saying or reading my growing case notes . I got passed around a lot to different people and spent a lot of time on hold . They kept trying to get me off the phone even though we hadnt worked through the problem completely . In one instance , the helpdesk person was trying to tell me that things were all fixed even when I had told her there was an activation error during the re-install we were working on.Having worked with tech support and edited registries , and tinkered with start-up configurations and various services settings , I could never get NIS 2007 to install -LRB- tried four times -RRB- . Trying to un-install the package turned out to be almost as difficult and troublesome . Uninstalling has left me with problems with my computer I have yet to work out . I still cant use my scanner because it complains about a symantec DLL issue . I have no idea why that would be.Anyway , I would rate this product less than zero if I could . There was nothing that went right , and a lot that went wrong . I cant believe Symantec could put out such a pathetic piece of software with such inffective support . I 'm returning NIS 2007 and trying my luck with Zone Alarm .
 Like many posting here , I am coming from a background of previous Norton Internet Security use . My experience closely parallels much of T. I. Sinning 's , posted here on 03/10 . My previous encounters with Symantec Customer Support has been `` ok '' at best.I have been using Norton Internet Security for a number of years now , the most recently , version 2006 . On one of the four computers I maintain , I have multiple users , logging-on individually , and requiring individual Parental Control . As such , I had NIS 2006 configured using three levels
 I had to reformat my hard drive because Norton did not find the viruses on my computer . My only other option was to take it Best Buy and pay $ 200 for them to fix it !
 I just installed Norton Internet Security 2007 and have had a headache with LiveUpdate and now some glitch with Norton tracking my correct subscription information.I now have a message that my subscription has expired . Again , I have just installed the 2007 Norton Internet Security . What 's wrong with this picture?Are many of Symantec 's customers having the same problem ?
 User beware ! I installed Norton Internet Security 2007 on the office server and had headaches with client connectivity . Despite appropriate settings connections were much slower and at times impossible . Server runs XP and clients Win2000 . Finally decided to uninstall . That is another big headache and was almost impossible . While I use Norton antivirus protection , I would think twice about using this product unless you are willing to put up with the problems it can give an in office server situation .
 I used Nortons for quite a few years but then I started to develope problems ... My system seemed to slow down and I had trouble updating ... Took out Nortons and installed AVG . for FREE and have had NO PROBLEMS since . . When the FREE AVG runs out I will install AVG permentally ... I now know why AVG gives you a year free ... Very good product ...
 I ca n't really complain about the product itself . I have been using Norton Internet Security for several years without any complaints . The problem is that they had a $ 20 rebate for this product which they refused to honor and because of this I will no longer purchase another Norton product . There are other security programs out there that will work just as good or even better and hopefully they will not be dishonest with their customers !
 Be very careful of Symantec . Their product packaging says it applies to a certain operating system , but in reality it does n't and you ca n't get it upgraded to apply unless you buy `` another '' package , so why pay twice ? Do n't trust the Symantec packaging . I spent 5 hours on the phone tonight with
 I 've been using Norton Internet Security for three years and had earlier versions of other Symantec products . I 'm generally happy with the protection I get . However , whenever a user interface is involved , they have n't a clue . I endure because I need to be protected.I 'm running NIS 2006 and when the nag screen started appearing I ordered NIS 2007 -LRB- 3-user -RRB- . When I went to install it , I got a message that both Spybot and Counterspy were running , that they were incompatible and that I would have to remove them - not just stop them from running during installation . Most articles I 've read about anti-spyware packages recommend that your run at least two of them . Not possible here.Not sure what I 'll do . Strongest inclination is to toss NIS in the trash .
 This is a graphics based program , similar to illustrator , this is not for mechanical drawing of houses , or `` drafting '' ! I also bought the symbol library , save your money !
 Review 20060312I was a loyal and devoted user of Micrografx Designer Software since 1990 , and have consistently updated my installation over the years as your records will indicate . These details are repeated here for convenience ; 19950227 , $ 118.47 ; 19951225 , $ 172.35 ; 19970614 , $ 150.66 ; 19990809 , $ 283.69 . Last week I upgraded my installation to your Designer 12 Technical Suite -LRB- $ 274.97 serial number omitted , purchased from Amazon -RRB- . It is difficult for me to express clearly my extreme disappointment in the present software . Not only are many , indeed perhaps most , of the significant features apparently no longer available , the software appears actually user hostile , being cluttered with irrelevant ` features ' perhaps of interest in worlds other than those of technical application . Other features apparently dropped or changed beyond all recognition or accessibility , render this new upgrade neither useful to me nor possible to understand in the light of my 16 years of experience with your former excellent products . For example , the Help File does not even contain the term ` Parabola ' , at least a likely aspect of technical capability . What I expected was that the many features that formerly set Micrografx Designer way ahead of any significant competition would be enhanced , and that the many trivial irritations such as export/import versatility might have been improved . Designer was to me a wonderful compromise between the Technical but inartistic precision and user intractability of AutoCad and the Artistic capabilities of your own CorelDraw Suite.My frustration is not only having spent $ 274.97 on software an ` Upgrade ' that is essentially less usable -LRB- and therefore less useful -RRB- program than my 7-year old Designer -LRB- now Build 8.01.1025 -RRB- , but more seriously is that I now have no decent path to the future for a significant body of work , files , documents , and historical knowledge .
 This product crashes unexpectedly . Micrografx does not even support the product any more . There are no patches available and the customer service people at Micrografx will tell you themselves that this product is not any good .
 Our small business has been happily using Act for the past 5 years . Everything about the product was great until it was purchased by Sage recently . They have made software changes which are just plain stupid , and as a result this new version 9.0 is absolutely awful . The list of problems is too numerous to mention , but here is just a couple . Firstly , when used in multi-user mode , the software performance is terrible ... it requires way too much RAM -LRB- for example , it requires at least 100MB of resource memory -LRB- thats not hard-drive memory ... I am talking random access memory here !! -RRB- . So consequently , it runs incredibly slowly -LRB- and our office has the latest state of the art high speed server and workstations ! -RRB- . Another extremely annoying thing is that you used to be able to write notes in Act directly into each customer contact . Now you have to open up a new window , and if you cut and paste a note from say an email or other program , it retains the original font . Which I find annoying , as there is no font painter or any useful tool . You literally have to reselect the entire note content , then manually change it to a generic font . There are loads of other changes made which entirely suck . Basically we have decided to can this software and get a new contact manager from elsewhere for our business . Stay away from Act ! unless this company Sage first fixes all these problems .
 I dont usually take the time to write reviews . This product does NOT even deserve 1 star . The older version was ok but these Morons at Sage software must be smoking weed all day . There are problems and stupidity to many to mention . I seriously hope that someone comes out with a new database management tool . I went back to my OLD version from 2004 whaic is superior to the new one in many ways.My recomendation . Deloiver Pizza before you depend on act .
 It actually deserves no stars . Our company , an American multinational corporation , bought the workgroup version of this product for one of our departments in Brazil and never received valid installation codes in order to make it work . After a 30 day trial and training of all our users , we had to stop all work because the reseller for Latin America did n't offer any help and the developer showed no interest in hearing our complaints . This treatment for a product paid in full 15 days before the expiration of the trial period . Be prepared to face tremendous problems if you need support . Our last opinion is
 This is the worst piece of crap since Ishtar the movie ... At any price it would be too much . And to think it orginal sold for $ 69.99 . One word of advice ... do not buy this item for anyone over the age of five ... anyone older would not enjoy it . 3 minutes of muffled sound , followed by crummy software , and a bably synced pair of lips . No wonder KB Gear is out of business ... they suck !
 I do not recommend . It is in desperate need of an update . Additionally , I was told that it was compatible with Apple computers and it is not .
 The Software claims to support many phone and allow sync with outlook . However its very difficult to use . In this age of smart phones , you have to visit their website support forms and read about `` phone not found '' to configure it for Android . They should have this in default help page.It can import address book and calender from outlook and phone but does not sync them . Now I have duplicate entries in the datapilot software . This seems to be task of novice software writer who is trying to sell an unfinished product . I am disappointed.Verdict
 Seems to work well with the phones it covers , but although there are a lot of phones covered , there are a lot that are n't . Mac owners should note that Datapilot has a much more limited list of covered phones than those covered with the PC version ; the Mac list is sort of hidden away on DataPilot 's web site , but worth looking for.Installation and setup are simple , and I have n't yet found a phone that does n't connect with one or another of the supplied cables .
 I bought my Sync based on the Consumer Reports guide stating it to be one of the best phones that AT&T ; Wireless has to offer and comparing it to other phones on other carriers , it ranks at the top 3 . However , neither Samsung nor anyone else has data synchronization capabilities for Mac , which I knew going in but based my decision on the fact that DataPilot supported Mac and the SGH-A707 . After I got the product and downloaded any updates , I still have not been able to synchronize my phone . For future reference , I will no longer buy a software product that does n't allow me to download a trial version!The claim that they have all these wonderful USB cables to connect to this huge array of phones is a fallacy . There 's supposed to be an iPod cable in this kit and I have to say that it does actually fit my iPod but it does n't properly charge my iPod and DataPilot will not detect my iPod.At this point in time , I have a totally useless set of software and cables and have no confidence in this company at all to deliver what they say they deliver . Highly disappointed !
 Be warned , this product does not support all advertised features on all phones . Right out of the box I found it did not support 2 of our 4 cell phones . Of the phones that it did support , the only sync features available were photo downloading and calendar sync . The ability to transfer other data such as movies , contacts and ring tones were not available for my particular phone . Without all of the advertised features are available I consider this a complete waste of money .
 Getting the ` Administrator error ' and from my internet searches I am not the only one . They have pages on their website dedicated to how to fix this -LRB- why do n't they just fix the software ? -RRB- and none of it worked . This is a fly by night hack software solution that is not supported fully and would be fine if they presented it that way and charged a nominal fee . This is not a real software solution and I whole heartedly discourage anyone from risking their computer with it or supporting a company that is falsely portraying itself like this .
 Hard to set up , they sent the wrong cable the first time , and the data transfer only produced marginal results . The customer service was ok , but the end result was not .
 They promised `` the most robust data management solution that allows sync and individualizing your mobile phone '' , well let me tell you this Susteen staff
 This Only works for 3 cellphone , then you will need to pay $ 15 for each cellphone . that sucks.The software is very limited . The cables are very helpful.I have 4 old cellphone , and can only transferred 3 cellphones , and then the software told me that I need to pay $ 15 for each extra cellphone , that sucks like hell .
 I purchased my Datapilot about 2 years ago for a Windows XP computer . It worked okay but it seem hard to work through the software . I recently had to replace my computer and got a Windows 7 machine . When I tried to load Datapilot I needed to register the software . Because I had already registered it two years earlier it would not allow me to complete the install . I contacted Susteen by email explaining my problem . But got no response . When I tried to access my account it came back and said `` no such account '' . I asked if the software would work on Windows 7 or if there was a software upgrade . But again No response . To my knowledge there is no support available for this product .
 When going to the DataPilot site , they have in small print at the bottom that potential buyers should check to see what features are supported . I have Motorola RAZR V3r -LRB- T-mobile - bluetooth -RRB- and hooked it up using the USB adapter . Installation was a breeze . After updating , the software found my phone without a problem . However , when I saw the interface , I wondered where the SMS Manager was.According to the compatibility matrix , the RAZR V3r should support everything DataPilot Pro has to offer , including reading and writing of SMS , but there was no user interface for it . When I looked at the back of the box , under SMS Manager in small print it states that it only runs under Windows . I was taken aback , since the DataPilot Pro 's product page said nothing of this , nor did the compatibility matrix -LRB- nor the Amazon page -RRB- . I wrote to DataPilot Support suggesting they fix this bit of missing information.The SMS Manager is the main reason for me purchase of this software . The short of it is , if you want the SMS Manager and are using a Mac , you should think twice about getting this software . I have not tried installing it using a virtual machine running Windows , yet . I figured I should let the consumer public know first .
 The most terrible antispyware I ever used . The only thing worse is the Customer Support provided by McAfee . The online groups incompetence is surpassed only by the incompetence of the telephone support group . They need a good Systems Integrator to help them provide professional support . I 'm done with them and will never spend another dollar on their products .
 SLOW COMPUTER WAY DOWN.I REMOVED IT . I USE TREND MICRO . FAR SUPERIOR TO MCAFEE .
 I upgraded to HomeSite 5.0 from 4.5 , and it was not worth the expense . In fact , I 've uninstalled version 5 , and gone back to 4.5 . Many of the `` new features '' hardly seem worthy of a full version-number upgrade . And do n't look to Macromedia to support this product , other than through their useless `` user 's forum '' . Further , they 've actually REMOVED some features , such as the `` Design '' tab . I know that HomeSite is for those who like to write code by hand , and I do 99 % of the time -- but there are also times when the design tab came in handy , such as when you 're trying to quickly design a test page for something.I was also disappointed to see that the so-called `` deployment '' features in the program , which supposedly will upload your changed files to your remote server , are still as mysterious as ever -LRB- I suspect they 're really just a joke on the part of the programmers -RRB- . I spent 45 minutes with the wizard , the on-line help , the manual , all to no avail -- after which I FTP 'd my changes into the site manually , which took about 30 seconds.HomeSite offers a nice way of keeping a lot of web files organized into a single project . And a couple of the wizards are handy , such as the Table design wizard , which is especially nice for quickly generating the code to a complex table layout.Otherwise , it 's just a glorified and overpriced version of NotePad .
 I am unfamiliar with 4.5 but , to an extent , I can support the comments from the user from New Jersey . I was chosen by a nonprofit corporation to maintain their website . Macromedia support is nonexistent . The user forums are of no help to someone new to website design and maintenance . -LRB- The response to request I have made for assistance , has been a rote , cryptic referral to the user forum . -RRB- The manual provided by Macromedia is almost completely useless . If you already know HTML code well , your experince may be different . Following the suggestion from the NJ reviewer , I am picking up a used copy of Homesite 4.5 for Dummies and keeping my fingers crossed .
 I 'm holding on the phone right now trying to get support for this product . There is no 800 number for tech-support , so it 's a long distance call . I have had the same issue for over a month and still have not been transferred to a tech support person . They offer only email support , but do n't write back . If you call them on the phone they tell you a support person will call you , but it never happens .
 This product is not for someone starting out . It assumes a complex understanding of mixing and recording . Without this knowledge , the program is next to useless . The user 's manual is anything but helpful . Online support is nonexistent , no reply to e-mail in two weeks . Hopefully someday after months of trial and error , I will be able to mix something . Cakewalk products are definitely more appropriate from someone starting out .
 Installed this software hoping to visualize possible deck designs for my house . I use a brand new really powerful computer . This software crashed so much I could n't get through the process of building a model of my home design , much less dream up new deck designs for it .
 Complete Home Designer lets you enter room dimensions , one room at a time , and then place the room on the grid . Placing the room on the grid is the trick . It is very difficult to locate room 2 with respect to room 1 . As you try to move it , the dimensions change and the location changes with it . You get into an unending loop of moving and resizing . If you ever get your layout correct , the program dimensions the rooms very nicely , if a little clumsily . I never got much further because it took too much effort to get a simple plan entered .
 I got this program a week ago and I 've yet to figure it out . The floor plan modes are complicated and cumbersome . On many occasions the program prevents me from making walls at certain angles and certain lengths .
 I purchased the Data Beck Home Desing and Renovation over two weeks ago , -LRB- still not operating -RRB- . I have emailed the support center to tell them the download required from their site is not loading and is a glix necessary -LRB- as they say -RRB- to operate and to please advise.Still nothing . As this is software and not returnable to the store . I am stuck with it ... definately choose any other product than this one.Save yourself the headaches .
 This program is worthless , first and foremost because it will not install properly . Well , it started to install . During installation it generated a Direct-X error , but finished the install . When I clicked on the program icon it promptly uninstalled itself and removed all trace of the program from my computer . Strange . The documentation tells you to contact the company at their web site which no longer exists . Staples wont return our money because we opened the box . Microsoft says they 're not responsible for problems with Microsoft Direct-X because it is OEM supported , and we should contact our computer vendor -LRB- HP -RRB- to get assistance . HP no longer supports our computer because it is out of warranty . Software companies require us to agree to EULA 's , but they have no requirements to even provide us a product that works . Does n't this all seem criminal ?
 This software is garbage . It 's obvious that it was put together in Germany because a lot of the pop-up-type windows are in German ! I ca n't read German . I was flying blind ! If their QA process is so bad that they do n't even bother to change the German to English -LRB- this is an American market after all -RRB- for basic functions , then I 'm afraid to know what else is wrong . I returned it to the store where I got it because it 's defective .
 Do not buy . It crashed several times on a plain Dell 8600 . Very hard to use , like for example to set up rooms , because -LRB- 1 -RRB- there are no anchor points ; should be able to anchor a corner and then drag a corner ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- we can not lock a room in place ; while editing a room , another room resized ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- there is no alignment among rooms ; rooms should align sometimes , because they may share a common wall ; -LRB- 4 -RRB- while working with a room , we can not specify the type of wall ; and so on . It has some sexy colors and menus , but after trying to use it for several times and coming out with no results , the next step is ` uninstall ' .
 Silver Screen seems like a neat product . It says NT compatible which made me think that I could use it on my Handspring Treo and my Windows 2000 PC . Unfortunately , the Silver Screen application will not install on to my handheld because , as their tech support told me , I 'm not using Windows 98 .
 Back in the mid 1990 's I wrote `` Fortune Teller For Windows '' , which was published by FormGen . I retained copyright ownership of the software , and registered it with the U . S. Copyright Office . When FormGen went out of business , production of the this software should have stopped . Yet here it is , published by Wizardworks , using the same cover art , the same product descriptions - clearly the same product . According to the description , they started selling this on Amazon in November of 2004 . They did n't contact me about it ! As of the date this reveiw is being posted -LRB- December 2005 -RRB- the description says the product is not available . Good - it should n't be , without my permission .
 C'est Dommage ! Je n'amie pas La Francais pour Dummies . I bought this when I decided to teach myself French . -LRB- Basically because I like to read about the sport of cycling , I love their bread and I have nothing better to do . -RRB- It 's been a few months now and I can at least get the jist of the articles in Le Monde , but my listening and speaking ability have a long way to go.Unfortunatley , French for Dummies has been no help what-so-ever . The games just are n't useful for learning . Most of the vocabulary games are similar to a game of concentration - so you spend your time trying to remember where la voiture is rather than what une voiture is . It may entertain younger children , but I I found if very frustrating . It 's a shame because it has a nice appearance and looks professionally done . It just was n't useful.I bought A + French at the same time and found it much more useful at 1/3 the cost . What I like most about A + is that it will read aloud -LRB- slow or fast -RRB- as you read the text . After reading along a few times I close my eyes and listen . In this way I begin to seperate the words and improve my listening skills . Its vocabulary games are cross-words -LRB- with help when needed -RRB- . Typing in the words from memory is a better way to learn than point and click.The Dummies program was also slow to load chapters , and would only accept the CD in my d
 In all fairness , this product may be wonderfully useful for some people out there . However , unlike Amazon 's sell copy presently states , as does the product 's packaging , it does NOT work on Windows NT . This is not my judgment , although I concur . This is what Syracuse , the manufacturer , told me after waiting forever on hold with their tech department . I 'm sure Amazon will refund my money , but I wish to warn other NT users
 I just received the New Print Shop 21 Pro Publisher Deluxe to replace my Print Shop 12 which I lost . I loved Print Shop 12 . It was easy to work with and the clip art was great . After installing the new Print Shop 21 I had needed customer support for this product . I was having trouble with getting online to retrieve the clip art . About half of all the clip art on this program you have to retrieve by going online . -LRB- I have dial up service on my computer -RRB- I went online -LRB- from another computer with DSL -RRB- to receive customer service as suggested and got nowhere . I finally called their 800 number to try and get help from there but guess what , you 're referred back to their website with no support . They tell you to email them describing what the problem is and they will get back with you ASAP . Well , they sure did get back with me . They told me to go back to their website again . They just keep bouncing you around in circles and you get nowhere . I did get a couple of -LRB- GET LOST ! -RRB- phone numbers from them but you have to pay $ 2.95 a minute to talk to someone . I am really disappointed in their product this time and especially their customer service . Excuse me , THERE IS NO CUSTOMER SERVICE ! I have ordered their version 20 from e-bay in hopes that it will work a little better then the new version . I will be boxing up my new program and sending it back for a refund . I should have listened to everyone else who rated this product . Seems like all of the ratings so far are very poor and I 've just added one more . : -LRB-
 This program is useless . I wanted to upgrade from MS Publisher as I edit a 16 page newsletter . I can see no difference between Printshop Publisher and the $ 30 reg . printshop programs . At least nothing that I would use on a regular basis . Besides the money difference , I am having a problem with fonts changing . It seems when you want to open a legal document which you have spent hours creating , you ca n't open without first changing the printer settings . If you do , it defaults to letter size and changes all of your fonts to smaller sizes . When you have worked for hours on a design , you do n't want to have to go back in to correct all of these changes . I have written several times to the company and gotten no response , so evidentally their customer service is as useless as their product . I have used Printshop at home for at least 6 years and upgraded annually , but am very sorry that I recommended it to my company . I feel responsible for their needless purchase .
 This was alot of money for what this program offered.Many other print shop programs can do many of the things that this program can do but for alot less money . Not happy with this program at all !!!!
 Program inexplicably sometimes does not load part of the menu needed to access art . Unlike other users in reviews I read elsewhere , I LOVE access to online art -- it 's very fast with my cable connection and is much less of a pain because you 're not always switching out disks -LRB- invariably the art you want is on a different disk than the one you just put in -RRB- . However , this is no good if you ca n't access it -LRB- see first sentence above -RRB- . I think I found a fix on their website , but , holy cow , there 's like 200 steps to it . Also , I wish someone would come up with clip art that you do n't have to keep coming out and going back in to get something new . Wish I could access , for example , art straight from WordPerfect -LRB- because who is crazy enough to use Microsoft anymore ? -RRB-
 As a previous reviewer stated , part of the menu does not load . For every one time it does load , there are 6 or 8 times it does n't . I have tried rebooting many many times and it does not help . This software is not worth the money or the trouble . I will be sending it back for a refund . Also , there is no information included in the box to explain how to use to CDs , installation , etc. . Very dissapointed !
 Could not find PrintShop Pro ProPublisher Deluxe version 22 on this site . Also could not find any FAQs or other assistance for this ver .22 on the Broderbund site but that may be a failure on my part.Several crashes on my XP system , the only software I have that does crash . Hoorah XP !!! The O/S and other programs running do NOT crash , only the ProPublisher dies a horrid death.Sure takes a loooong time for this program to load . Yawn ... I did make a couple nice brochures but they are no better than what other similar programs create.The lack of apparent support on the Broderbund Web site and that site 's user unfriendliness adds to my doubts about the viability of this program.Not all humanoids can afford OR obtain a high-speed connection to the Webernet -LRB- Interweb ? -RRB- Having to wait then wait some more then wait a little longer then wait while waiting for graphics to crawl their way across the telephone wires is tiring though the lengthy retrieval times can be a life-altering experience ; I have developed a profound sense of patienceness that borders on a Zen-like experience that has allowed me to reflect upon my inner self , reach into my psyche to resuscitate my inner childishness and allow my feminine aspect of my gruff blue collar masculinity to peek out just a wee bit -LRB- I do n't make little kids cry anymore by growling at 'em -RRB- . I have also retrieved copious amounts of naval lint while occupying myself during those download times.But , life is short . I tire of the lengthy program loading time and graphic retrieval . I also dread the too-common crashes . I bought the program after observing the money-back guarentee so ... off to the brick-and-mortar store I go ... . to return this program . Now , off to reading the multitude of reviews scattered across the Wide Web of the World to ascertain what program will replace this sub-par Broderbund offering.Than you , thank you very much .
 The need to keep putting in the CD for art is crazy . The support is horrible . Just move on past this one ...
 I bought the Print Shop Deluxe 21 and also many other Broderbund products over the last 6 months and have several problems that needed tech support , they have little or no support for the products they sell , so my only option has been to return them . Apparently they do n't care about their customers .
 The only thing I do n't like is the internet requirement for a lot of the extras . If you have a computer with no connection or dial-up service , then do n't get this . Learning to print your work is not easy at first . And yes it also asks you to insert the CD almost every time , just imagine if all programs on your computer were like this , you would n't be able to multi task ... Other than that , it works but it is still too expensive for what it does .
 Some friends of mine told me about McAfee Personal Firewall Plus 2006 Version 7.0 and said how great it was and easy it is . Well , it sounded very good on the website and so forth , but when I got it installed on my PC , it was running fine . The protection it provides is great , do n't get me wrong . But , when I tried visiting a website I had an error . And when I started browsing more and more using Microsoft Internet Explorer , I noticed a very slow `` browsing '' experience . Everything was very very slow at loading , sometimes IE would freeze , or not even load the website and say `` The page can not be displayed '' . The interface is `` pretty '' , and the firewall is great , but because I ran into so many problems the first day I use and buy the product , I can not recommend this program for anybody ... Hope my review was helpful to you !
 You 're better off spending the extra money to acquire a stand-alone GPS unit than wasting money on something that is completely incompatible with all Windows Mobile 5 devices . On top of that , the standalone software that comes with this device takes up so much room that I had to store it on an SD card , completely defeating the purpose of having an SDIO device . I love my TomTom , which I acquired refurbished after failing to have this run , and would recommend acquiring that instead of this device .
 This device is incompatible with the XV6700 . Mobile PC.The size of the device is also not correct for the CD adapter.I tried using an adapter for the phone and the device would not even be recognized . Same for loading into a Laptop PC.Go but a real Bluetooth or USB GPS device and save yourself some frustration and money .
 The Hemera `` Photo Clip Art 150,000 '' contains almost all the images in this collection , but this is nearly 4x the price for 1/3 the images . What is the difference ? The images here have about a 20 % higher resolution and transparency masks -LRB- i.e. Photo Clip Art forces you to have a colored background , but you can have no background with photo objects -RRB- . Neither is really suitable for print unless you do n't want to print any of the photos beyond 2 inches high/wide . If you 're designing for the web , you 're usually going to throw a background in behind photos anyway , or if you need the transparency , you can easily select some obscure color for the background and `` magic wand '' it out in 30 seconds.So , if you bought the whole photo objects collection , you 'd spend nearly ten times as much to get mostly the same photos -LRB- i.e. Photo Clip Art has 26 photos of an Asian woman as a nurse while Photo Objects has the same 26 photos plus 3 more -RRB- a little larger and with transparency.If you 're a professional designer who would use this extensively , the extra cost might be worth it . But if you 're dabbling in web design , get the `` Photo Clip Art 150,000 '' instead and save yourself a LOT of money .
 I 've installed the software on 2 PC 's and it quickly became clear the software flawed and loaded with bugs . It kept shutting down my outlook and I regret buying it and would advise others to avoid . You are probably better using the Google Apps project management system .
 The bottom line is this software stinks . It is incredibly slow - to the point where it can not be used and it looks like there was zero QA done before the product was shipped.I have been a long time fan of Franklin products . From the old days of using the paper planners to the first gen of electronic Franklin Planner for the Palm Pilot . I loved the task manager , quick prioitizing and planning tools etc. . They made my life so easy . But this latest product is just plain junk . I have tried and tried to make this product work over many painful months with several chat sessions with tech support . But it is just too painful - and so so slow . I have now given up and am moving on.My advice : To customers
 I have always been impressed by the nice feature set of the Franklin Covey products , and Covey 's methodology seems pretty solid in general , but their software engineering appears to be among the worst in the industry overall . Version after version , this product has had not just serious but fatal bugs and flaws that make it nearly unusable for many of us . Their support is also terrible in general . I get a quick response in barely understandable grammar with an obvious and marginally useful answer , and then they simply ignore followups asking for further clarification . I can not recommend Franklin Covey software in general.Many problems I had with previous versions had to do with their confusing and weak implementation of the synchronization with Palm handhelds . FC made the mistake of creating their own version of Palm lists , so you ended up with multiple incarnations of tasks , events , and so on , and it was almost impossible to configure the synch properly to avoid duplicate items or missing tasks.V4 of PlanPlus for XP thankfully fixed the synch problem , by simply eliminating it . They no longer synch directly to Palm , they only synch to Outlook , and then you would synch between Outlook and Palm . This is a good thing , in my opinion , making the synch much simpler and more reliable.On the other hand , the new version introduces a whole set of new problems that are even worse . They keep their `` database '' in the My Documents folder , which means that if you use this on a tablet or laptop connected to a network you may be using it with Microsoft 's IntelliSynch feature . That 's bad because of the poor engineering of FC 's database and lack of integrity or repair tools . When Intellisynch synchronizes your laptop and network versions of the database , it tends to corrupt the FC database , making the product unusable . There are no real repair tools and the instructions given by tech support are a jumbled mess of file copies that generally do n't seem to solve the problem . After managing to reinstall the product about four times for this problem and recreate my database from scratch each time , I have decided sadly to give up . The features are n't worth this pain.If you are going to rely on a database for managing tasks and events and notes , it needs to be a reliable database with good tools for repairing it in case of corruption . The software engineers at FC never even imagined their database could be corrupted , since their tech notes imply that apparent corruption is always due to a registry protection problem . I verified that this simply is n't true , and they have been extremely unresponsive in fixing any of the bugs and flaws in the product that have been discovered by myself and others.I am not happy to have to give up on this product , since there are no real competitors with wuite the same feature set for the tablet PC . However it is unfortunately not usable because of the corruption issues , and it is also frustratingly slow to start up and has significant delays during use even on a very fast tablet PC . I have had to go back to Outlook , Office , and One Note , which do n't have the nice integration of digital ink yet , but at least they are very reliable and perform well .
 As one of the earliest users of Ascend 1.0 -LRB- the original name -RRB- , since 1990 , I have upgraded through the years to 8.1 . Each version got a little better . I never used it on the Palm -LRB- which seems to have been a problem -RRB- , but it worked great on the desktop . I had to reinstall Windows and my 8.1 disk were in storage -LRB- moving -RRB- so I used it as an excuse to purchase PlanPlus 4.1 . I was shocked ! It does n't even work the same way anymore . Following are some of the problems : - The prioritized task list used to have a quick wizard that I used every day -LRB- it is gone -RRB- . This was the SINGLE greatest feature . The product manager should get fired . - The task list does not follow windows conventions -- it does n't let you know if you are in the correct field so it erases your entry . - There are no longer reoccuring task -LRB- so much for scheduling my weekly items in advance -LRB- regular deliverabls , monthly reports , etc. -RRB- . The reoccuring setup was very slick -- gone , gone , gone . - There are no reoccuring appointments -LRB- all birthdays , regular meetings , deadlines can not be automatically scheduled -RRB- . What were they thinking ? I noticed a release for 5.0 that added this back -- but it still is n't on their website -LRB- and it would need more than just this -RRB- . - The entire goal section is messed up -LRB- it will not allow you to carry your goals into your daily appointments automatically -- ca n't , does n't have reoccuring tasks -RRB- . - The print qualify is junk -LRB- lines too thick , does n't look nice -RRB- - It does not default to the last screen you were on when you re-enter it -- it always goes to the calendar , even though I want it to go to the daily task list . - You ca n't find an icon on the top for the `` task list '' -- only for `` notes '' -LRB- which brings up the task list -LRB- go figure -RRB- -RRB- . - If you double click on a task -LRB- to enter edit mode -LRB- like normal -RRB- , it takes the task and moves it to the 12:00 appointment slot -LRB- huh ? -RRB- . - The program allows drag and drop , which is good . Except if I want to drop a task to the appointment , it only means that I am scheduling when I want to do it . Instead , it MOVES it , when it should have the option to copy it -LRB- so I can still mark it off my task list -RRB- . It looks like the XP version has 1/2 the features of the 8.1 version -LRB- and it is up to 4.1 / 5.0 ? -RRB- . I find it unusuable and an absolute piece of JUNK ! And I mean J U N K!I do n't know the history , but it appears they re-wrote it -LRB- probably to fix the synch problems -RRB- and completely messed up an incredible application.I have since returned my copy and purchased a used copy of 8.1 off ebay -LRB- since mine is in storage in one of 350 + boxes -RRB- . I hope this poor review warns everyone to stay the heck away from this until they re-create what they had before -LRB- even 1.0 was better than this -RRB- and then improve the bugs and synch problems.The companies revenues have dropped steadily -LRB- from $ 500 million to $ 255 million -RRB- . The annual report claims much of the loss is because of less sales of their electronic products . Yeh ... junk does n't sell!I did notice that the print option was easier to use -LRB- required 2 clicks instead of 4 -LRB- but even then , the button should just print whatever is on the screen -- you can go to the pull down print to find other options -RRB- . BEWARE of this junk !!! Signed - massive POWER user who thought the application went to the dogs !
 Egads , I am so stupid . I read reviews for some other Franklin Covey software . Hmmm ... 41 reviews and only 1 star . Oh well , I thought to myself , this is new stuff . They must know what they are doing by now!I have lost information and about a FULL WEEK of waking hours trying to get the palm to syncronize . A few hard resets of the Palm have cost me my contacts -LRB- not good on a ` smartphone ' , a wiped out Task List on my Palm -LRB- gee , why did I get this stuff ? -RRB- , and more.There is NO CUSTOMER SUPPORT . I tried the software free for 31 days . Should have listened to the voice that said ` it has n't worked for 48 consecutive hours - give it up ! ' . Instead , I believed the tech support guy who assured me these last voodoo steps would work . They did - for 48 hours.All my data was on FC software , and this just looked so good . It is n't . I am thinking of going to Salt Lake City just to scream at these people live - since it costs $ 25 to talk on the phone , and ` chat support ' is only available during business hours . -LRB- Rude ideas about sharpening saws not come to mind -RRB- . All I can say is RUN AWAY !!! Do not be lured by the siren call of the software - LOOK AT THE SHIP REMAINS DASHED ON THE SHORE AND KEEP SAILING !
 I 've been using Franklin Planner software since the earliest version came out . I have upgraded just about every 2 years , with little or no problems transferring current data . This new version of PlanPlus for XP , however , is a nightmare ! I used the trial version just for a few days to see if I could get it to work , and the unbelievable thing was that the transfer of data from the older version took over 14 hours ! I tried it on one of my other PCs because when I used it on my primary one , it virtually hung up and took over the other version , even though I tried to install it in a different directory . I ended up having to reinstall my original 2-year-old version of PlanPlus on my main machine . On my second PC , the process of converting data took so long that I finally gave up . I tried to provide feedback to Franklin Covey about the problem , and each time their feedback site lost my review and went to a page not found error . I e-mailed Tech Support directly , and while I received a courteous reply , they forwarded me again to the feedback site , which was a waste of time because the same error occurred . I 'm waiting until these folks IMPROVE the product before I upgrade again . Take my advice and steer clear of the newest version !
 The long and short of it is that this product is not a full version . It is a barley a beta . So many bugs , so many simple , obvious features missing , so many problems.Problems ? There are many . - Let 's start with the install . A nightmare . I was required to uninstall Outlook and reinstall it before Plan Plus would recognize it . That is bad enough . The fact that the previous version had the same problem gave me pause that maybe they had not cleaned this program up . As I found out , they had not . - Bugs . Lots of 'em . A short sample includes the program crashing when attempting to customize the Plan Plus Home Page , numerous blank tasks appearing out of nowhere , crashes when adding a task , Outlook periodically freezing or taking half a minute to refresh a screen , etc , etc , etc. . If there was any QC done prior to release , that entire department needs to be fired . - Missing features . Lots of 'em . I 'm not asking for anything special . How about dragging and dropping tasks or other items . How about changing fonts and font sizes , how about forwarding goals , how about tasks and subtask in projects that know what project they belong to instead of just dropping another task onto the task list , how about not making me retype my compass every week , how about a manual that actually covers how to use the product in a logical fashion and is not 200 pages of quotes and motivational articles written by Covey ? I could go on and on and on . - Customer support problems ? Lots of 'em . If you have a problem , do yourself a favor and do not call Franklin Covey . Nothing is their fault . The software is perfect . Zero defects . Anything that goes wrong is the users fault.It is very disappointing . I have used a Franklin Planner for over 20 years and love the product . This program , however , is a mess . It has so much potential . But , potential means nothing with so many bugs and features missing . It simply was not thought through . Perhaps Covey should stick to what they know , pen and paper .
 I used the Treo650 with PlanPlus , but it can not sync the `` Task '' with Palm . FranklinCovey only announced this is a bug , but there is still no solution until now . Please notice this bug before you purchased this SW .
 I really like the approach to planning and prioritizing that Franklincovey have embedded in their planplus for Outlook . Unfortunately , this software is completely unusable if your goal is to be productive . I 'm running outlook 2007 and Vista Ultimate , and planplus crashes almost every time I look at the calendar , or if I add a task . Sometimes I wait it out and occassionally 10 min later outlook unfreezes.Don ' t waste hours of you life with this poorly developed and horribly tested application - it is the # 1 `` loss of productivity '' solution . In Covey-speak , this is a quadrant 4 activity - not urgent and not important . Do n't waste your time trying this out just to come to the same conclusion .
 First review I have ever posted . I have used PlanPlus for Outlook for years , prior versions were a little buggy and I just made do without synching the Covey data to my Palms over the years . So I thought the new version 4.0 would fix all this . After 6 hours of work on my part , I have given up and reverted to version 3.0 . Version 4.0 is so full of bugs that you are constantly interrupted with weird error messages , and it seems to make a worse hash of synching to Palm devices than the previous ones . It is hard to beleive that a reputable firm like FC would release this , and even worse , once you look at how long people have been criticizing the product on various web sites , even more amazing that they have n't bothered to release an amended version .
 As a fan of Stephen Covey and the Franklin Planner , but an avid laptop user , I thought this product would be great . What it was was a nightmare that finally resulted in my computer crashing , all my data being lost , and a rather rude Covey employee informing me that this can happen , and they do not have a fix for it , and can not refund my money . They then eagerly told me to purchase a different version of their product -LRB- which they gave me a discount on -RRB- , and he gave me his assurance that this version was more stable -LRB- the Outlook add in version -RRB- . This version wiped out years of history and corrupted the files in my Outlook . Upon calling Franklin Covey again , I was told that if I had experienced so many problems with the orgininal version , why had I gone and purchased another one . Needless to say , I am putting `` First things first '' and practicing one of the `` 7 habits of ripped off consumers '' , and using my First Amendment rights to try and prevent others from being bamboozled by a company that has released a product for standard consumption without testing , and without a plan to back up a failed product . Do not buy this product .
 This software is a mess . It could n't have possible been tested . The software crashes constantly and has to be re-installed -LRB- including going through a RESEDIT procedure -RRB- . The crashes come constantly when doing the most mundane things like adding a task to a project -- useless software , stay away .
 I was using the older version and found this version a nice upgrade . I do question the worth of an upgrade . The company should offer an upgrade price . For a new purchase it is a nice product - I question its value as an upgrade - for the money it costs .
 Images of people and computers are really dated . Forget using any of the technology related images unless you want to picture stuff thats over 6 years old . If you need basic images of flowers and animals this CD will work for you .
 The Hemera `` Photo Clip Art 150,000 '' contains almost all the images in this collection , but this is nearly 4x the price for 1/3 the images . What is the difference ? The images here have about a 20 % higher resolution and transparency masks -LRB- i.e. Photo Clip Art forces you to have a colored background , but you can have no background with photo objects -RRB- . Neither is really suitable for print unless you do n't want to print any of the photos beyond 2 inches high/wide . If you 're designing for the web , you 're usually going to throw a background in behind photos anyway , or if you need the transparency , you can easily select some obscure color for the background and `` magic wand '' it out in 30 seconds.So , if you bought the whole photo objects collection , you 'd spend nearly ten times as much to get mostly the same photos -LRB- i.e. Photo Clip Art has 26 photos of an Asian woman as a nurse while Photo Objects has the same 26 photos plus 3 more -RRB- a little larger and with transparency.If you 're a professional designer who would use this extensively , the extra cost might be worth it . But if you 're dabbling in web design , get the `` Photo Clip Art 150,000 '' instead and save yourself a LOT of money .
 I purchased my copy directly from McAfee . In attempting to build a database to identify unnecessary files , it hangs the computer and QuickClean must be stopped using CTRL/ALT/Delete . I attempted to access support online and was informed that support was not available for this product . I located the support forum and posed a question , describing the problem . Nearly three weeks later , a McAfee rep replied with some suggestions that did not work . While I have been a satisfied McAfee Anti-Virus customer , my experience with QuickClean 6.0 is so disappointing that I do n't think I would gamble on any other McAfee products .
 I have been very happy with the program itself , but the internet and customer service components have been a great dissapointment . The product of 1 free year is very misleading . Any advanced searching you need to do can not be accessed -LRB- such as image viewing -RRB- after one month and the yearly subscription is around $ 200 . A note to new geneologists , the One World Family Tree is nearly useless . It is a good place to get leads , but I have found so much incorrect information , and it is prepetuated by others who just download the information unchecked into their own online trees , that it has acutally taken me longer to research when I have used it . If you do use it , make sure you get a second , first hand source -LRB- if you can still view the images that is -RRB- . Lastly , I have had noting but problems with customer service . On the three ocassions I have contacted them , it took them much longer than the said 24 hours to reply . Everytime they told me I had to contact someone else and had me going in circles . The free FTM Users Guide was one of the reasons I contacted them , as it took nearly 4 months to arrive -- I do n't really need it at this point as I have struggled through on my own trial and error.The program is great if you have information you want to organize , just do n't rely on the promised services or the internet component to get you much futher than a starting point .
 I purchased the Family Tree Maker 2006 software because it was supposed to come with some Charting Companion software . The Charting Companion software contains support for additional chart formats that are not supported in the base FTM product . One of those charts is especially useful since it greatly minimizes the amount of paper used for descendant charts . Sadly , this chart was not integrated into the base FTM product.When I took delivery of the FTM software , the Charting Companion software was not included in the installation materials . After much cajoling of the vendor 's support staff , I was finally allowed to download the Charting Companion software from their website . During the installation of the downloaded software , a fatal error occurred which required the restoration of my XP system . On the off chance that the error was spurious , I ran the installation again and got the same results . To their credit , the support staff offered a workaround for the installation problem , and the workaround was successful . However , none of the software 's publishing mechanisms worked . Every one got a fatal error when a chart was to be published to the PDF format.The FTM software appears to get good reviews , but it did not meet my expectations . It 's unclear to me why the product needs companion software to construct and publish useful charts . Why are n't these chart formats integrated into the base product ? Based on my experiences , I can not give the product a good review .
 I do n't know why Family Treemaker makes completely useless instruction manuals , but they do . Once you master the software -LRB- or , actually , the small portion of the software that is readily accessible to the non-professional -RRB- , it works as advertised . But the learning curve is steep , and I wish that all the bells and whistles they say are in the software would be explained so that this genealogist could actually use them . Not user friendly !
 I think it will be nice once I get everything manually added . It would be a much better software if it had some kind of upload instead of manual entering everything . I have 300 families to enter . UGH !! Once I do all that I think it will be a wonderful resouce for planning a family reunion .
 This program can have some issues running with Windows Vista . The issue that I had came from the Windows help feature that has been changed with Vista.Be prepared if you request help through the Family Reunion Organizer support to be given one fix option over and over and over . If that does not fix it for you , they say they ca n't duplicate the issue . They requested my system information -LRB- and other info -RRB- multiple times instead of reading the information that I had already given them . They just have poor technical support.The program can work with Vista but be prepared to do your own research and find fixes on your own.They do have a demo on their home page that you can download and try out . You may want to do this before purchasing the product to see if it works with your system if you are nervous about fixing errors on your own .
 I bought this program retail today . As best I can tell , it installed OK . Except , when I went to access the ancestry.com program that was advertised as part of the package . It might be there but I ca n't find it . The improvements in this product are not significant enough for me to have paid $ 99.99 for it without promised additions . I would not have bought this program had it not been for inclusion of the ancestry.com program . Where is it ?
 I loaded this Spamkiller 2006 Version 7.0 product 3 times on my computer and even with the help of McAfee 's technical support . Not only did n't it reduce any spam -LRB- it caught none -RRB- , but slowed down my system and was almost impossible to remove the software -LRB- obviously McAfee intentionally wants it that way -RRB- . This is the LAST McAfee product I will purchase .
 First of all version 7 is not as good in identifying spam as version 5 , which I replaced . Not even as effective as version 2.3 which I used initially . Secondly it conflicted with other McAfee programs which I downloaded from my ISP . I uninstalled and reinstalled SpamKiller 7 three times and finally uninstalled it for good . I would not recommend , and McAfee Tech Support is not generally helpful .
 Love the program but hate the service as every year they wish to bill you $ 250 + to use the software ! Rip off .
 The short version
 even though Susteen claims DataPilot for Mac supports my phone , a Samsung x475 . Not only Mac users should be wary of purchasing this product but others should expect slow and inept technical support . After waiting more than a week for a response to my email request , the support tech 's only advice was to upgrade to DataPilot version 2.2.0 , which I had already clearly listed as my current version in the request . I have received no further response after I replied pointing out I already was using version 2.2.0 and asking for additional suggestions to get DataPilot to function . That was two weeks ago . Beware of this company !
 I ordered the DataPilot Universal kit for OSX ; this contains USB adapters for a wide variety of phones . Let me say up front that the one cable I tried -LRB- Motorola E815 -RRB- worked fine ; and that DataPilot did recognize my phone at once.The DataPilot software is another matter . My aim was to transfer pictures from a camera phone to the computer -LRB- since Verizon provides no other means of doing so except to email the picture to yourself at 25cents each -RRB- . With what I have spent on the DataPilot I could have emailed more than 300 pictures to myself , and the results would have been just as satisfactory if not more so.DataPilot downloaded my phone 's address book data , but it apparently does n't know about the Categories feature of this phone . I had carefully organized the entries into categories -LRB- friends , business , etc -RRB- and that information is not downloaded , nor do I see any way to create it on uploading.On to the pictures . When you select Photos , DataPilot shows a list of `` albums '' initially having only `` library '' and `` trash . '' You can create more `` albums '' but these have NO RELATION to iPhoto 's albums ! The `` albums '' are created in ~ / Documents/DataPilot/Photo / Temp . You can get iPhoto to Import them later.The only option now is to `` Read all data from mobile phone . '' There is NO option to review what pictures are in the phone , nor to look at thumbnails , nor to select which pictures to download . You get all or none . The downloading is EXCRUCIATINGLY SLOW ; on a moderately fast -LRB- 1.25 Ghz dual G4 -RRB- machine it took TWO MINUTES PER PICTURE , or just under an hour to download 25 pictures each 1024x768 . You can cancel this process and have only the pictures downloaded so far , but the only way to get the rest is to `` Read all data '' again , which reads all the pictures including the ones it got before , giving you two copies . And there is no provision for deleting pictures after downloading ; you have to do that manually on the phone.I ran this first on a G3 iBook and after downloading all the pictures -LRB- one hour ! -RRB- it hung up , turned on the `` beachball '' and could not be force-quit . I had to power-off the iBook and from then on , DataPilot claimed it `` could not open COM port . `` This is stupid , user-hostile , badly designed software with questionable reliability . Avoid it if you possibly can . 25 cents per email is probably a more economical way to get pictures out of your phone .
 First , let me say that the price from Amazon and the delivery from Amazon were all that they were promised to be . However , the software from Susteen/Datapilot left something to be desired . The box delivered from Amazon had old software , version 1.1 . I went to Susteen.com to download the latest version , 2.4 . I then had to buy another cable , only available from Susteen that brought the price to over $ 100.00 . Then , after backing up the phone data and moving it fom one phone to another , I found that I could not change data anywhere except in the name and number columns . What I wanted to do was to manage my ringtones for each entry and to micromanage my phone 's setup features . Neither of these can I do . I finally wrote to Susteen with the following message : `` I am truly upset . I spent over $ 100.00 for the Mac Universal Kit and the new cable for the LG5200 and LG8100 phones . Now I am trying to change the Ringer ID and I am locked out of that function . Why have you done that ? OPEN ALL THE IDENTIFYING DATA FOR THE SUPPORTED PHONES . What is wrong with you . Give us a program that works , not one that just does little small things . I can get to Verizon and save my phone data on their website . I do n't need your services unless your services are better than theirs . `` In my opinion , this software is NOT worth the money or the aggrevation .
 I bought DataPilot for my mac thinking that I would be able to sync my cell 's phone book with my computer . Wrong ! It reads and writes the phone book but has no option to sync , so if I add someone on my phone and then edit an entry on the computer I have to pick one or the other . To make matters worse when using an older Samsung C225 the software would not allow multiple phone numbers per entry to be uploaded even though the phone supports it . Samsung 's own software which is significantly older but unfortunately Windows only allows you to do this.Data Pilot also does not allow you to chose what photos you want to download from your phone , it 's all or nothing . Have 50 photos and want to download 1 new one ? be prepared to wait for all of them to SLOWLY re download.Susteen should be ashamed of this software .
 I regret buying the product . I bought it direct from Susteen . Had I been smarter I would have tried to get a refund .
 I got this game with the DVD . I have tried repeatedly to get this to install and play for my 5 yo grandson . It installs OK , even tho it keeps telling me I need to install it 's DirectX , when I already have a better version on my computer . After installing , clicking the shortcut gets an error message , so it wo n't boot up . I have had NO help from Disney CDrom support page . I emailed their customer service , but have received no reply . I tried each and every one of their troubleshooting tips , to no avail . So my grandson is disappointed , and I can only say I 'm really glad I did n't buy the game . My computer is n't top-of-the-line state-of-the-art , but it 's no slouch , either . I have no trouble getting other games to play on here .
 This game turned out to be a preview copy not a full version -LRB- even though it was not listed as a preview -RRB- , we were only able to use 2 activities . The activities that we were able to view were not interesting , graphics are not that great . Huge dissapointment . It kept my child 's attention for about a minute .
 As A Fan of The Film '' Finding Nemo '' , I Wanted To Play The Game . But Once I Played the Game , I Did n't Find It Fun At All.The Visuals Were Poorly Made , and Both The Locations and Carecters Were Looking Very Wierd and Odd.The Voices Were n't That Great Either , Even if Thay Were The Ones From The Film.The Levels Act More Like Mini-Games Insted of Standerd Video Game Levels.The Music Was n't Really Good Either.Overall , The Game Did n't Do Much of A Good Job of Being Fun or Entertaining and It Was n't Worth Playing.Overall Ratings : Game-2 / 5Visuals-1 .5 / 5Voices-3 .5 / 5Levels-0 / 5Music-0 / 5
 Loved the movie , and thought that it might be a way for our three year old girl to get more comfortable with using the computer . She was excited too but was bored with it in an hour . The games are simplistic and in some cases poor renderings of things we 've seen before , and it is only the fact that the GUI is wearying that they 're any challenge . The stones game is the same as things we play with cards . The shark game is just pinball and it is difficult to control . The turtles game is funny but does n't go anywhere . Daughter had no interest in the school-of-fish game . And even after working on it for a while , my best conclusion is that the music composition game is simply buggy .
 Our version of Finding Nemo
 My husband came home with the Finding Nemo Viedo that he got our son as a gift it had the Pc game Finding Nemo underwater adventure . It didnt tell us that this was a Demo game . My son can only play the race game with crush and listen to the tang gang sang songs . We thought we were getting the hole game the two games he can play are fun but he gets bored really easy . If the company wishes to give away free pc games on the viedo 's in the furture please let people know its a demo or give them the hole game . I wish that the game was the whole game since its not I wish I could take it back .
 The game is not fun for kids . The movie was great and the game is a disappointment . Difficult for kids to understand . Just not a lot of fun . It has been sitting on a shelf collecting dust for months .
 this game sucks . its way to easy and the graphics suck too . i love the movie but the game is terrible ! im 10 so i realy should know better . i couldnt return at all . my mom was pleased with the game but i wasnt ! so i gave it to my brother who is 5 . my mom got me madagscar instead . i love it . atleast someone is enjoying my game . kids over 4 would use the disk for frisbee so think befor you buy !!!!
 Thank you reviewer M. I had the exact same problem you did and did the exact same thing you did -- I finally did a yahoo! search and found your review . You saved me from spending anymore time on this game . I removed it from my computer . thank you for posting .
 This is my opinion on Finding Nemo
 I think the Finding Nemo Game has some good points
 The Nemo 's Underwater World of Fun game disk enclosed in with the movie DVD , was a big disappointment . My young kids were very excited then very upset . Until I read user reviews here on AMAZON , I thought I had a malfunctioning game rather than a DEMO disk on which only 2 of the 6 activities were accessible , rendering the prizes unwinable and the main games unplayable . And one of the 2 accessible activities , the Tank Gang music maker , seems buggy ! Neither the disk , its sleeve , nor the read-me file indicated that it was only a demo , so my exercise in futility began
 I ca n't believe how bad this video game was . The makers clearly put minimal thought into making it and just wanted to capitalize on the popularity of the movie . The whole game can be finished in one sitting by a four year old . I played with my nephew and kept hoping that it would get better , but it does n't . The games are all too easy and not that interesting.Don ' t waste your money on this one !
 It is very similar to it , as if format copied . My 7 year old daughter likes , my 4 yeard old son got it for birthday , we had it on our wish list , but he 's struggling with it . The voice does sound like the original characters like Ellen DeGeneres .
 I bought the finding nemo software for my daughter today and I sincerely regret it . It is one of the worst games I have ever purchased . The games dont work . You get nowhere . I would advise everyone considering this game to just save your money . My daughter was excited to get it until we installed it and tryed playing it only to find out it is a lemon .
 Bought this for my grandkids . They are almost five and had areal hard time bursting the bubbles . I tried it several times and could not get past level 10 and thus could not go any further in the game . Not for early childhood and some older adults .
 i wrote a review for the other finding nemo game and i gave it 1 star ! i dont know what i was thinking to buy this game because the last one was boring and way too easy . this one is no diffrent . it still sucks times 10 . but i have to say the graphics are great!A + . BUT the game is still bad and as always i knew my brother would like it ! he didnt and his 5 . he said `` this game is way too easy and boring . i dont want it . `` then he pretented to throw up . my mom didnt like it either . my friends thought they were too old for it because were 10 and my dad said why we bought this junk . so right now its sitting on the shelf dusty . we now have 20 dollars down the drain . stupid nemo and this company , they cant even invent a game that us 10-13 year olds can play .
 I did n't pay attention with the programs it works with . I do hv vista and it did n't work wit it .
 I bought this for my four year old . Even I ca n't get past the monkeys throwing berries . Rugrats are for younger kids , but this game is not .
 At beginning of August I installed the latest upgrade of McAfee VirusScan ... it is a complete disaster . Firstly , it also installed Site Advisor uninvited , which is just a nuisance and does n't provide any information you could not work out with a bit of commonsense . Worse problem is that my email -LRB- Outlook -RRB- has slowed down and some outgoing emails seem to get in a logjam and fail to send . I 've turned off some of the ` features ' of the program to try and overcome this but it still causes problems . McAfee 's chat room style help service is a joke ... you can wait on there for hours and not get an answer , and emails to their help service take several days to get an answer , which is often useless . Phone calls to them have always been a waste of time and usually finish up with them saying the only thing they can think of is to reinstall . Well , duh , I already tried that ! I 'm switching to another brand .
 I uninstalled Norton and installed Mcafee Security Centre as I read many reviews in various PC magazines giving the product a good review . I wish I had stayed with Norton . Mcafee is extremely slow and freezes my MS Outlook everytime Outlook performs a send/receive which in my case is every 2 minutes . I send receive about 1000 emails a month , and frankly Mcafee is slowing my business down by freezing Outlook every 2 minutes . I am going to uninstall and go back to Norton .
 I registered the product to get the regular updates . Now I continuously get a message popping up that an update is available . When I try to get the update , I get a message that I am not authorized to receive updates . I log out and log in several times , and once in awhile , I will get the update.I regret replacing Norton with this piece of garbage . Mcafee has gone down hill . I will eventually get annoyed enough to just uninstall the Mcafee and go back to Norton .
 I did the ol' regular online update to my security center and it totally messed up so many things on my home computer . Web surfing has slowed to a crawl and some sites will not load at ALL . Just sits there waiting and waiting . This is a half baked program that takes over your computer and you will spend hours configuring it to just be able to go online and do email at a reasonable pace . Then it reverts back to old settings when you resart and you go thru it all again . Email is slow and several messages just do not get sent at all . It is an extremely frustrating product . It appears to be this most recent version which is either 10 or 11 , I 'm not sure -- sorry , but the point is that I am done with McAfee products because they will not even allow you to go back to the previous version . If you think I am the only one with this problem , do a search -- and you will see . I think this is a fairly new phenomenon in the last couple of months or so . I ended up uninstalling the whole thing and going with a free program as a stopgap measure for now . For reference , I run windows XP on that computer .
 mcaffee offers these rebates but refuses to honor them and you can see that this is a known issue
 I have been a satisfied customer of McAfee VirusScan for several years . However , an update around the middle of 2006 completely fouled up my computer . I took advice from their technical helpline , but this did not cure the problem . I finally resorted to a complete uninstall and replacement with another company . I am not a computer expert , and found it very disconcerting to have my computer disrupted in this manner by a company which is claiming to safeguard my on-line interests . To add insult to injury , my telephoned cancellation of annual renewal was not correctly actioned , resulting in a series of renewal confirmation invoices being e-mailed to me . No good enough , McAfee !
 Even though I prefer Norton Symantec products , my new laptop already had McAfee on it and needed updating . I decided to stay with McAfee for two reasons
 Mcafee does not acknowledge that rebate materials have been submitted or they deny the rebate and delay ... etc. .
 The software installed easily enough as I would expect , but subsequence problems are not handled well . I tried numerous times using their web based help , even tried the `` live '' online technician -LRB- who as of 3 weeks ago , has yet to respond to my question ... he may no longer be alive ?? -RRB- , and still no ability to update new virus protection , which renders mine fairly useless . I would say to buy a more reliable brand like Norton .
 I am way confused . The title and product description describe it as a GMAT/GRE/LSAT program , but the cover photo and features description describe it as a SAT/ACT/PSAT program . Which is it ? Also , the title seems to indicate it works on a Mac , but the product description only mentions Windows.Can someone please clarify ?
 Although the 2007 version of this program is pictured and described , the ISBN and model number are for the 2006 version , which is what you will actually receive .
 I ordered the `` Kaplan GMAT/GRE/LSAT -LRB- PC & Mac -RRB- -LSB- CD-ROM -RSB- . `` What arrived was this PSAT and SAT program . My order still reflect the `` Kaplan GMAT/GRE/LSAT -LRB- PC & Mac -RRB- -LSB- CD-ROM -RSB- '' name , and it still clicks through to this page . But , now the product name reflect SAT/PSAT , instead of GMAT/GRE/LSAT . This is realy aggrevating . When I read the previous posting I thought someone had just been sloppy on the listing , cutting and pasting more than they should . Now I see , the `` Kaplan GMAT/GRE/LSAT -LRB- PC & Mac -RRB- -LSB- CD-ROM -RSB- '' must not be available and they sent the PSAT/SAT Windows only product instead.This is the first time that Amazon has ever let me down in this way , which considering I 've been their customer for over 8 years is n't a bad track record , but still I hope it 's the last .
 Dell is now shipping new computers with a version of McAfee 10 pre installed . Based on my prior experience with McAfee , this was a plus . - I thought . Ever since receiving my new computer in late April 2006 , I have been having slow-downs or lock-ups for no apparent reason . During the last week or so , it has failed to run Outlook or Internet Explorer and I have been forced to resort to my wireless notebook computer for browsing or emails . IE would not even allow me to open it to the point that I could try different settings . Last night I spent about four hours on the phone or in between calls with Dell Technical Service repairing the OS . Nothing worked . During my last call the Dell rep. asked if I had a good backup as the next step would reload the OS , during which the hard drive would be reformatted . I said `` Good Night '' and hung up . Based on another review read here , I went into McAfee and started `` Dumbing Up '' the anti-virus . After I disabled the Spam Blocker , the computer appeared to work OK . I am planning to leave the Virus scan running to see what that does for now . I guess that time will tell . I am thinking about uninstalling this version and loading only the Virus Scan , If possible . I am afraid to try any other product now , after reading other reviews .
 I run McAfee software from a pre-installed package . Recently it upgraded itself to virus scan 10 . Now whenever I try to do anything -LRB- something easy as try to bring up the `` send to '' menu -RRB- I see 100 % CPU usage and a 2-3 minute wait for something to happen . The customer support seems to be a joke , or maybe another way to get your money.Incidentally be aware that if you subscribe to McAfee and your subscription runs out . It is not that the software stops updating . It will stop running . And if you do not have an active internet connection -LRB- one way of avoiding internet hassels for a moment -RRB- when it trys to check with the `` mother ship '' to see if your account is active , it will fail -LRB- obviously -RRB- and shut off . Then you have to notice and turn it back on.Norton that I use at work is never so much trouble .
 This is not a good virus software . I only bought it because I 'd recently had to format my hard drive and the virus software that came with my computer no longer worked -LRB- it turns out you can only reload that code once -RRB- and I was completely without protection . A virus threat well known in the country was said to go off that night , so my run to Wal-Mart had no luck in finding Norton , the one software I 'd grown to like -LRB- for the most part -RRB- . So , I tried McAfee . I was immeadiately unhappy with it upon using it for the first time because it advertises other McAfee products from its own pop-up windows . Also , if it takes a direct hit from a virus , it does usually catch it , but immeadiately turns off for some oddball reason . Every time I get a hit , I have to open the `` Security Center '' panel and re-enable the virus protection . The only good part about it is that it does keep itself updated as long as you keep the subscription paid for . It sucks ... get Norton !
 I tried to download this product from Mcafee.com . I was unsuccessful . I went through the internet chat -- the only support available for free . And all I got was bogus solutions and lists of instructions over and over . None of them worked . When I told the technicians what I had already tried , they did nto appear to listen and told me to do the same things over and over . I am giving up . I will NEVER buy another Mcafee product again and will advise everyone I know of my experience . I spent hours and hours on trying to download this program . It spent three days on it -- days I will never get back . And my partner and I darn near divorced one another as the result of the frustration . Anyone interested in filing a class action lawsuit , let me know . I would be happy to participate . Mcafee has horrible business practice and their advice is a joke .
 This did not catch the virus that infected my system before it got in and could not locate it with it 's Virus Scan after infection . I have turned it off because it 's such a resource hog and I rely on the free protection that comes with my browser.I also could not get the rebate that was promoted when I purchased the product even though I provided the requested documentation and their customer service and help facilities are of little , if any , use . I advise everyone to stay away from this company and their products .
 We 've run this software with no problems for a few months now , but after a harddrive failure and subsequent need to reload our Windows 2000 Pro OS and all other programs , we 've had nothing but issues . After reinstallation of VirusScan 10.0 , it will not allow our IE 6.0 browser or Outlook mail programs to run - the programs start but the moment you click on a link or attempt to open an email , the programs quit . Nor will VirusScan update itself without crashing . McAfee 's tech help pointed us to a manual uninstall program they have available on their website on the presumption that portions of the program were remaining after Windows uninstall and were causing conflicts . This did not help . We are now looking for a more reliable antivirus program .
 The software itself deserves probably 2 or 3 stars but it gets one star off for scam-like handling rebates . Once they make a mistake , there is no way you can communicate with them and correct it . They ask for new documentation , you mail or fax it - and nothing happens . Then you give up . Total waste of time .
 I upgraded to VirusScan 2006 -LRB- v-10 -RRB- in October . I was hesitant to upgrade because I am using a 166MHz Pentium processor . The system requirements stated a 150MHz machine would work with Windows 98 . It does work but what used to take a minute to download now takes 4 - 5 minutes . I would NOT recommend this product for anyone who has an older processor .
 How many stages of `` it just does not work ! '' do you want to hear about MCAFEE Viruscan ? -LRB- 2006 version 10.0 -RRB- How about loading it onto the computer ... and NOT being able to in any way download the first or any other updates . And the slowdown of the computer ... intermittent freezes and os crashes ... How about the 30 day money back guarantee stated on the back of the box ... which I would have taken advantage of ... but I said ... what the heck , it comes with a 40 DOLLAR rebate which is what I paid for the thing at STAPLES office store ... 40 DOLLARS for the VirusScan that is ... which is due any day now ... so perhaps I can work with it and get something out of it. , get the rebate , and at least use the CD for a nice drink coaster.Then six weeks goes by ... and I received a printed mass mailed type of postcard saying my rebate was ineligible and incorrect and only partially completed.I took a full hour to carefully read the -LRB- seemingly -RRB- volumes of instructions , caveats , disclaimers , and warnings about the rebate and its process . After checking it over with my fianc&eacute; , who is a LEGAL SECRETARY at a nearby firm , we sent it all in ... receipts , numbers , parts of the box , etc. . A real pain in the butt rebate to complete.After painstakingly and carefully going to all that trouble , just this denial postcard shows up.This has been one HORRIBLE company for me ... Last year , I WAS running a Mcafee product when my hard drive was invaded and taken over before a crash ... have still not recovered the data . The program never saw or indicated an invader , TROJAN , or whatever . Useless , nonworking piece of junk in my not so humble opinion . . STILL want to buy Mcafee VirusScan ? Save time and your effort and walk to bathroom ... lift toilet lid ... drop two twenties into tank ... flush twice.Recap ... the full promised price rebate is the HOOK for the sale for Viruscan . . The 30 day money back guarantee on the box back is the net . This gives a feeling of security if you are doubtful about all the bad reviews you have read about McAfee on Amazon.The nonworking up dater and the impotent protection is the product itself that you are stuck with . . The final insult and the GOTCHA ! is the cheesy postcard arriving well past guarantee expirations for returns , saying basically , no dice , pal . Gotcher money , and ya ai n't gettin ' it back.This was my experience , but another freebie download from the company site a year or two ago gave me great trouble in removing it from my hard drive . I had to manually delete the files and folders myself . And it seemed to interfere with normal functioning of the rest of my programs.I recommend the corporate version of Symantec antivirus , and an old version of Norton Internet Security . -LRB- the 2001 program -RRB- . Bear in mind that Virus protection is a weak solution to computer security ... ANY virus protection . The real vulnerable part of XP and 2000 Windows is the policy control by profiles ... better password protect the administrator profile . ESPECIALLY if you are running or have installed on 2000 or XP the Internet Information Server option , which basically makes your computer open and extremely vulnerable to the internet world at large . I recommend Uninstalling the IIS option unless you are in a company network . VERY dangerous piece of software.Again to sum up , virus protection is one small part of your vulnerability to the internet . There are free virus programs out there ... although probably not as good as Symantec . Anti spyware is also available that is very effective from many companies . Get one . And the firewall is great if you know how to use one . I recommend Sygate and old Norton firewalls if you can run them . Set up your windows profiles and security policies carefully . Do not open emails if you do not ultimately trust the sender . Password protect the profile you run during internet sessions . Get a router between your connection to the net and your modem . Password protect IT . Uninstall the Internet Information Server optional program from your Windows Operating System . If all else fails , keep your valuable and irreplaceable files backed up onto something .
 Antiperformaceware will be the best name for this product . This software has used its best UI skils to irritate users will lots and lots of popups which will be stuck and make everything running stuck.I highly recommend this product if1 -RRB- You are looking better option for throwing away money .2 -RRB- Feel that your computer should not be as fast as it is .3 -RRB- Have hobby of rebooting the computer oftenI hope that I 'll at least get the rebate money . : -LRB-
 This is the absolutely worst antivirus product ever . It required six installs/uninstalls to make it even take in the system , and McAfee has the worst customer service in the business . I was waiting in queue for two hours and got a `` chat '' technician who finally said he had no solution . To actually talk to someone , they charge you $ 40 ! What an outrage !! If you are thinking McAfee or Symantec for your Internet Security , take the advice of someone burned -- stay away from McAfee at all costs ! Symantec has its issues , but the support and product are far , far superior to this rubbish .
 I have been reading the other reviews about the program making yourcomputer slow , and I just wanted to concur . When I install it , my fast2GB RAM PC becomes incredibly slow , and when I de-install it mycomputer is fast again . This virus scanning software is like a virusitself , not to mention the time needing to deal with installing it andtrying to figure out how to make the program less slow . I 'd avoid thissoftware if you can .
 Have installed this P.O.S. -LRB- Piece of * -RRB- on 2 office computers and has given us nothing but problems.It updates almost every day and it took me forever to figure out how to update manually because they hide everything . There are so many pop-ups that you would think you have just downloaded and installed a spyware . Once I got figured out how to update manually -LRB- after 5 frustrating minutes -RRB- , I need to go to their website and LOG-IN to their website every time I want it to update!Whenever I run some other programs or send multiple emails , it prompts me to allow it or block it . What the hell?I was so frustrated that I tried uninstalling it and did not realize that I had to disable the program from STARTUP before I was able to uninstall . I tried ctrl + alt + del closing everything McAfee but it would n't let me . I just saved you guys 15 minutes of work trying to figure out how to delete this McAFEE VIRUS . I 'm going back to Norton .
 McAfee is pathetic . Their online help is useless , and there is no one to talk to . My recent McAfee 10.0 becomes a virus itself after awhile , and I have to remove it for my PC to work properly.I 'd recommend avoiding this software like the plague.Ray
 The help chat , phone support and e-mail are unacceptable.I would not reccommed this product . I have an MS Degree in Computer Science , and this product has caused nothing but problems . I am writing off the $ 40 I have spent.This product does not allow you to have more than 1 system and register the software . I have bought numerous dell outlet systems that come with 90 day versions of McAfee Virus Scan . And I have one registered version of McAfee virus scan . The version I paid for can not be installed on my new system .
 I purchased this product from Best Buy and was told by the clerk , `` But you 'll never get that rebate . '' When I asked why not , he told me it was because McAfee commits rampant rebate fraud and that they `` lost '' -LRB- he used finger quotes -RRB- documents from rebate submissions . I poo-poo ` ed his comments and bought the product anyway.After carefully packaging my rebate materials -LRB- I 'm an attorney , and an anal-retentive one at that -RRB- , I sent my rebate off -- only to be told that I did n't put the UPC or the proof of prior Symantec purchase in my package.That kid was right on . Pretty bad when you hear about the fraud from the retailer of the product.BEFORE YOU BUY THIS PRODUCT , I ENCOURAGE YOU TO USE THE GOOGLE SEARCH ENGINE FOR `` MCAFEE REBATE SCAM '' or `` MCAFEE REBATE FRAUD . '' If only I had done this and/or listened to the store clerk at Best Buy ...
 I have been a McAfee user for about 10 years . McAfee is used at work , so was a natural choice . My most recent version was Internet Security 5.03 . I 've never had substantial problems with my current software except for an annoying pop-up that tells me to purchase a new subscription when my subscription was already up to date.Recently my subscription came up and I was required to purchase new software as McAfee stopped supporting my version . So I bought it . It would n't install . I chatted with Tech Support , who could probably have gotten me through the install , but I wanted to retrieve my internet passwords from Browser Buddy first . I was informed that this could not be done as they had stopped supporting this software.A quote from the Browser Buddy help file may be in order : `` Can you remember the password and user name for every protected site that you visit ? If you have committed them to paper , do you remember where you put the list and do you have a safe place to keep it ? If you let McAfee Internet Security manage your passwords , you wo n't have to worry about the answers to these questions . `` They should have added , `` At least you wo n't have to worry until we decide to no longer support this feature without informing you and , when you ask , we 'll pretend we do n't know what you 're talking about . If you probe further , we 'll inform you we 're exercising our right to cease supporting older products and will not even discuss how to export the dozens of passwords you have saved over the years . Oh by the way , we 'll waste a lot of your time in the process . `` I then called customer service so they would `` gladly provide you a full refund '' as stated on their web site . After 25 minutes on hold while periodically being assured my call was important to them , I sent an e-mail . I 'm waiting for a response.The bottom line is that 1 -RRB- requiring me to purchase new software rather than updating my subscription is somewhat questionable but understandable , 2 -RRB- the fact that the software failed to install correctly and cost me time to troubleshoot is more of an annoyance , 3 -RRB- not being able to recover my multiple passwords I entrusted to the McAfee software is unacceptable , and 4 -RRB- unavailabilty of customer service to refund my purchase price will assure that it will be a very long time before I will purchase any more McAfee products .
 I have a subscription to McAfee Virus scan updates and had an older version of virus scan installed on my PC for years . No major problems until now . I received a notice that an updated version was available FREE for download . RUN!I never should have installed it . It contains a new security center and virus scan 11.0 . Also included is a basic firewall program and spyware protection . My Windows XP came to its knees . Downloading emails took 10 - 15 seconds for a few text emails . When it began to scan the whole computer , nothing else could gain access to the system , not even the task manager for awhile . Opening a browser took 3 - 4 times longer . Everything slowed down . I disabled the spyware and firewall programs , but to no avail . I unloaded the software and reloaded it again after wiping out all references in the registry and removing all McAfee file folders -LRB- as instructed by McAfee tech support -RRB- . Reinstalled just the virus scan by downloading from McAfees web site.Set the software to just scan only files and folders and not everything -LRB- again as instructed by tech support -RRB- . Still no measureable improvement . It seems the new security center is the hog . Just try to disable a couple of the features , such as instant messaging scans -LRB- I do n't do instant messaging -RRB- and the software tells you `` You are n't completely protected '' turn it back on by clicking `` fix it now '' . If you do n't fix it , you have another icon in the system tray that wo n't go away.I called the customer service for McAfee and was told if I wanted an older version of just virus scan mailed to me on a CD to install , it would cost me $ 13 , since only the newer version can be downloaded now from the site . No older versions are available online , even though that is where I purchased it originally and installed it from their site . No CD.I 'm disgusted now . My subscription for updates runs another 3 months and I do n't want to install the version 11.0 which will automatically download and install from the company 's web site.Reading the reviews for Norton Anti Virus software does n't instill any hope either . I also used to have Zone Alarm firewall on my PC for years , until they improved it recently . Now it causes the system to crawl and if it is uninstalled , it wo n't reinstall a previous or current version without getting an error that a . dll file is missing .
 It takes over Microsoft 's security center . It replaces it with a screen that tells you that your machine is very much at risk and that you must spend much more with McAfee to be protected . -LRB- Apparently unaware that you may have some other firewall , spam filter , etc. -RRB- After two hours , customer support was no help . You can not run VirusScan without replacing your Security Center with theirs.Still waiting to get my money back.Note that their website even places an extra item into your shopping cart WITHOUT ASKING ! Need I say more ?
 McAfee has been trying for over three months to resolve various problems with the product disabling itself on users ' computers.With an anti-virus product , of course , that 's about as bad a bug as you can get.In my case , the product disables itself every time I use Roxio 's Drag-to-Disc . The forums at McAfee are full of different instances of this same problem .
 I came here specifically to save others from the experience I went through . I purchased a brand new PC from Dell which had McAfee preinstalled on it -LRB- 30 day trial -RRB- . In addition , I had purchased a 3-user pack of VirusScan 2006 to use after the trial period . I thought that all virus programs were the same -LRB- I am a prior Norton customer -RRB- . I was wrong.Understand that a brand new PC should be FAST . This was a dual core 3GHz machine -LRB- Dimension 9150 -RRB- with 1GB of RAM . It had no other commercial software installed other than what was included from Dell and the Firefox web browser.I quickly found that browsing websites and sending email was a mind-numbingly painful experience . In fact the whole PC seemed incredibly sluggish . The endless delays and hang-ups while supposedly McAfee did it 's `` back ground magic '' were insufferable . I mean it - this software will absolutely cause you to want to punch the computer screen.Since my emails were hangin and the sluggishness seemed to center around `` all things internet '' I at once suspected McAfee.As soon as I uninstalled the McAfee Security Center and VirusScan software it was like a veil had been lifted from my PC -LRB- no other change , mind you - just removing the software -RRB- . It : - booted faster - sent emails instantly with no delays on incoming or outgoing - loaded programs like Internet Explorer and Firefox almost instantaneously - loaded web pages faster by a factor of 10Folks - this is not a joke . Stay FAR FAR away from this software . Get ANYTHING ELSE . Anything at all - just do NOT put this software in your PC . And if you do , come back here afterwards and tell these other people that I was right so that they do n't make the same mistake.If you get this software for FREE throw it away . I bought a three-pack of licenses for my home PCs and I am going to give it to someone I dislike . I hope you understand the passion that I have about this product and the pain it caused me to make me want to disrupt my day and post this review . Good day .
 Much as it pains me to dump something that is current and paid for , McAfee is such a system-hog that my computer existed only to feed VirusScan 's unnatural craving for more system resources . This was once a useful , well-behaved program that got sucessively worse with each upgrade . I got use of my computer back as soon as I uninstalled it .
 Software recently underwent a major upgrade which totally broke it , numerous problems with updates and conflicts between subscriptons . major security flaw in security center and patch has significantly slowed my system down . No tech support unless you pay through the nose for it . Symantec and Trend Micro both have their probs but are still better security solutions than this trash !
 The McAfee Security Center came with my laptop , so I signed up for a year of updates and let the thing run . I had never before had to deal with virus protection software since I had always used a laptop provided by my company , with the corporate version of whatever they were using installed already.But the personal laptop I bought was a little different so I sucked it up and placed the order . When the software was enabled , after the first 90 days of ownership of the laptop , I noticed immediately that internet access slowed to a crawl , that general PC performance slowed noticeably and that my frustration level increased proportionally to the decrease in my laptop 's responsiveness . So I set about to `` tune '' McAfee , with help -LRB- if you could call it that -RRB- from their support team . What a joke . After using the software for about 3 months , I uninstalled it and went `` bareback '' until this month , when I purchased Norton 360 . What a difference . Fast , easy to install , certainly efficient , and an all inclusive package.I have 8 months of McAfee updates paid for if anyone wants it . I 'm keeping my Norton .
 McAfee does n't honor rebates as advertised . You can follow instructions to the tee and they denied the rebate for `` missing '' documentation that you did enclosed . Make copys of all documentation and then it 's a roll of the dice whether you recieve the rebate .
 I am going back to Norton ... Biggest mistake I ever did . . Plant some virus and try if this software can find it NO WAY ... Sure this is fast , scanning entire computer in about 8 min compared with about 30-40 min with norton . . but this does n't work . . I think thats the whole goal of antivirus software . . I am wondering why I am giving 2 stars . . I guess.just that I am generous ...
 If I could rate the product , 11.0 upgrade , I would rate it zero stars .
 Well installation process of this product is not ok in Windows XP machine . It reboots like 2 times before it could completly install the software which is not good . Norton Antivirus does not do so.It does not detect spyware on the fly . When it runs the scheduled scan or manual scan then it detects for spyware . Spyware scan should be active all the time like Virus Scan.I would say it could have been better .
 By seeing the ad . in deals2buy.com , I purchased this software and it never worked , I installed thrice and end result is same . Tried to seek help from the customer care the only solution they provided was to reinstall and it did n't worked out and I ended up in sending it back . I made a mistake and wasted my time , Please learn from my mistake .
 I 'm still using a computer that runs on Windows 98 , McAfee is one of the few antivirus programs that supposedly still supports it.System requirementsWindows 98 -LRB- that 's me -RRB- , Me , 2000 , or XPPersonal computer with Pentium-compatible processor -LRB- I 've got a Pentium II -RRB- Windows 98 , 2000
 Sure , this comes with every AMAZING spider-man comic but spidey has at least 7 other mags that are not included : spectacular , web of , unlimited , peter Parker , tangled web , untold tales , marvel team up , friendly neighborhood , Webspinners tales of , sensational , family , and giant size plus 4 graphic novels , countless mini-series and one-shots too . Another thing is there are tons of story arcs that where carried out in like 5 different series so you either get the beginning of an arch , the end , or the middle which is really frustrating . Also there are many classic stories that do n't happen in amazing , here 's some of them
 I ordered this for a relative of mine as a Christmas gift , thinking it was the version pictured . Why should n't it be ? I mean , there 's a picture of it , and if it 's not really what it says it is , is n't that illegal ??? Anyway , I read the other reviews for the item which were posted months earlier , hoping that Amazon had straightened the issue out and now offered the latest version pictured instead of the older edition which is only complete up until June 2006 . I was wrong . The version that I received , 3 days before Christmas , is in fact the older edition . It is not the amazing gift that I had imagined , in fact , this Amazing Spiderman collection is n't really amazing at all . My recommendation is to buy elsewhere , where you know that what you get is what you paid for . Speaks very lowly of Amazon as a whole . What else will I buy that is not the same as what is pictured ???
 I rated this a 1 because zero was not an option.The dvd-rom was defective it would not load some years and only 1 book would open in other years . I opened it to check the files and found that some years were not even downloaded on the dvd rom I 'm talking totaly blank . I returned this product the next day . The return was easy and problem free.I own the X-Men , Avengers , Hulk , Fantastic Four Dvd-roms all are fine . I did have this same problem with the Avengers dvd-rom some years back and was sent 3 replacements from GIT Corp. befor I got one that worked . That is probably why Git Corp lost their contract with marvel .
 I bought this product because I wanted to catch up on stories from the 90 's . Unfortunately , at that time Marvel ran several Spider-Man titles each month and the story lines moved between them . Because this collection contains only issues of The Amazing Spider-Man , you will find that you get the beginning of a story , but not the middle or end , because those were carried out in other comics ; or the end but not the beginning . This product indeed contains the complete run -- but it is made up of frustratingly incomplete stories . Also , each page appears with a horribly intrusive watermark . Save your money .
 This newer Garmin City Navigator v7 DVD software is inferior to ordered older discontinued City Select v7 in too many ways to descibe . I paid a stout 100 % premium for discontinued seller -LRB- greatestsale -RRB- described Garmin City Select v7 CD-ROM Map - North America and seller shipped me current Garmin City Navigator v7 DVD which I could have purchased directly from Garmin for half of what I paid seller . This newer version map segments are much too large as to be unusable on smaller screen devices . Sellers customer service # is always busy . Gee , wonder why ? Buyer beware .
 I bought the update CD -LRB- v6 to V7 -RRB- and I received it in DVD . No big problem , but when I tried to open maps they wanted another $ 50 to so do . Nowhere did Garmin tell me in advance they were going to charge again to open the CD -LRB- DVD -RRB- I already paid for .
 Garmin tech support told me that City Navigator is replacing City Select . Check with Garmin first if you do n't mind thirty minute telephone holds .
 Neither the Garmin site nor this one make it clear that this is a DVD only . The product is not available at all on CD , and it will not install on a PC without a DVD drive . Second , you will be disappointed in this product 's user interface . It is clumsy at best , and will be unuseable for some .
 Amazon ca n't get it right ! Twice I ordered the CD-Rom version and twice they sent me the DVD version . I do not have a DVD PC . Very frustrating . Ca n't rate the product yet - ca n't load it !
 This product is a fairly good idea , but the execution is poor . The software runs as a single three-step wizard
 This thing is so cheaply made . I had to do a google search to find out how to even get it open because the flimsy clips on the back do n't seem to want to slide open . Also the software does n't work with newer operating systems including Vista . And , it is just a cheap piece of junk that looks like it cost about 5 cents to make . Very disappointed . You have to have your own photo printer/photo paper to print the photo . This is not a digital frame .
 I recently received this gift from my son who is in the military and stationed overseas . I 'm sorry to say but I 'm returning this gift -LRB- first time ever -RRB- . The frame itself could not be anymore cheap and unappealing . For the price it is a cheap plastic not good quality at all . I would not recommend this product for the price . Very poor quality and not worth the money .
 I was taking the Princeton Review and thought that I should get in extra practice with the Kaplan tests . I bought this CD thinking I would get a good representation of the test itself , along with some practice . It was horrible compared to princeton ! The lessons did n't let you move at your own pace , the tests themselves were ridiculously hard , and the program had trouble loading on my computer the first few times . The tests are NOT indicative of the actualy GMAT . It 's much harder - in a bad way . It kind of kills your confidence . I scored a good 120 on the actual test over what I got on the Kaplan one . Save your money and buy the official guide review ! The book has tons of questions that you would actually see on the test .
 This is the same software that was used in 2005 ... and in 2004 ... and in 2003 ... I checked the files on the CD rom , and none of them were any newer than 2004 . Some of the data files on the CD were from 1997 ! I do n't think they updated the content on this CD at all . What a let down . Save yourself some money and find an old copy on eBay or something .
 I came here specifically to save others from the experience I went through . I purchased a brand new PC from Dell which had McAfee preinstalled on it -LRB- 30 day trial -RRB- . In addition , I had purchased a 3-user pack of VirusScan 2006 to use after the trial period . I thought that all virus programs were the same -LRB- I am a prior Norton customer -RRB- . I was wrong.Understand that a brand new PC should be FAST . This was a dual core 3GHz machine -LRB- Dimension 9150 -RRB- with 1GB of RAM . It had no other commercial software installed other than what was included from Dell and the Firefox web browser.I quickly found that browsing websites and sending email was a mind-numbingly painful experience . In fact the whole PC seemed incredibly sluggish . The endless delays and hang-ups while supposedly McAfee did it 's `` back ground magic '' were insufferable . I mean it - this software will absolutely cause you to want to punch the computer screen.Since my emails were hangin and the sluggishness seemed to center around `` all things internet '' I at once suspected McAfee.As soon as I uninstalled the McAfee Security Center and VirusScan software it was like a veil had been lifted from my PC -LRB- no other change , mind you - just removing the software -RRB- . It : - booted faster - sent emails instantly with no delays on incoming or outgoing - loaded programs like Internet Explorer and Firefox almost instantaneously - loaded web pages faster by a factor of 10Folks - this is not a joke . Stay FAR FAR away from this software . Get ANYTHING ELSE . Anything at all - just do NOT put this software in your PC . And if you do , come back here afterwards and tell these other people that I was right so that they do n't make the same mistake.If you get this software for FREE throw it away . I bought a three-pack of licenses for my home PCs and I am going to give it to someone I dislike . I hope you understand the passion that I have about this product and the pain it caused me to make me want to disrupt my day and post this review . Good day .
 My company has had the unfortunate experience of running ICVerify for credit card processing for almost a year now . We have used both stand-alone and multi-user configurations . During that time the software has been extremely unreliable . Workstations seem to lose their configurations for no known reason and have to be reconfigured at random . Tech support tries to be helpful but they typically just go through all the steps that I have done over and over again . Often the software has to be completely removed and reinstalled again -LRB- and again and again ... -RRB- . I would never purchase this software again . It has been nothing but trouble .
 This dictionary is over-rated and not worth the money . Yes the format of the 3rd Edition is an improvement , since in early editions it was hard to mine through all the data to get to the point . Bauer is still too wordy , and for the price of this book you can get a Thayer , and LSJ Middle , and a Greek concordance to the NT .
 I uninstalled it after a few minutes . Its more annoying than useful as an educational tool . My best advice if you want education is to boy another product or a text book .
 I have been a loyal Mathcad customer since Mathcad 4 , and I hate to say this
 Hard to use , and just when you think you 're getting the hang of it , it makes you 're computer crash . Completely unusable . This software really deserves a 0 star rating .
 The pictures on the box are more impressive than this piece of garbage . It 's not intuitive at all . The documentation does not match the software .
 Users must activate this product with Xandros support in order to unlock some of the functionality of the product and receive critical product and security updates . Without product activation , users will not receive access to such updates . Should the user activate beyond a certain number of installations , they will be denied new activation codes until they have contacted Xandros support and explained themselves . Support may or may not then grant further activation codes.This activation system is currently not documented anywhere on the main Xandros website , and users are not alerted to it during the purchase procedure or in the End User License Agreement .
 Came with no box and or serial number.Seller shows picture of retail box deceptiveI will never deal with this seller again
 There is not 100 different templates . There are about 12 templates with 10 or more color layouts for each template . That is very mis-leading info for this item . Also the templates are very basic you see these designs all the time NOTHING NEW .
 This program has not changed a bit since the 2001 version . It was buggy then , it is still buggy , and just like years ago ... there is really no support or updates for this . Basically , this company just keeps repackaging the same old junk in a different wrapper !!!!! It is rudimentary and perfect for the 4th to 8th grader ... IF YOU CAN GET IT TO WORK !!!!!! Yes , the other reviews are correct ! My friend gave this to me after buying it and going crazy trying to make it run reliably.Get MATH ADVANTAGE 2007 instead . It is not terrific , but it is homogeneous , reliable and it does the job !! Also , consider some of the better video/PC tutorials you can find at Home Schooling websites and suppliers . They have excellent programs that can not be found any where else !
 I purchased this product for my son with Asperger 's syndrome , in an effort to find something as visual as possible to help him with math . The software froze almost immediately . My relatively tech-savvie husband went through the process of getting help fixing this software . The web site contact emailed him twice with help using some sort of `` patch '' . A `` patch '' ? Are you kidding ? Why do n't you just fix the software so that it works out of the box ? The first application of the patch did n't work . The second application DID work , but now I am looking at the software more critically . The tutorial is relatively good , and the avatars are nice and will appeal to children . The activities on the 2nd CD are AWFUL -- very primitive ! A child would get bored quickly with the activities and would not find them challenging.Don ' t even bother ...
 This software would be excellent if it worked properly but I assure you that IT DOES NOT . I bought it to help my HS freshmen son with algebra . It freezes up every 2 or 3 minutes making it unusable . Then you start over just to have it freeze again . I have three PCs ; it freezes on everyone of them . SAVE YOUR MONEY !!! This software is JUNK !!!
 I purchased this product couple days ago . When I installed it , my computer did not recognize the CD . I tried to find some support from this company by visiting its web . No luck . It did not tell you anything about support . I could see that All people have the same complaints about installation at its web.This company offers 100 % satisfaction guarantee . So I tried to return this product to this company . Unfortunately , on its web , there is no company information , such as company address , phone number you can contact . The only way to contact this company is to use its tech support page email to ask for its contact information.If you want to buy this product , think twice . It may not be as good as it looks and sounds .
 I bought this product to brush up on basic match-algebra math skills for a college assessment exam . The program kept freezing on my core2 Duo processor windows XP machine , so I installed it on my WinXP laptop , same problem . THE PATCH DOES NOT FIX THIS PROBLEM.I loved the animation/voice teaching . Too bad it did not work long enough without freezing . It WOULD HAVE BEEN a wonderful teaching tool.The only math I learned from it was subtracting the cost of the product from my wallet .
 This thing freezes up like crazy . I tried it on three different computers and encountered the same problem on all of them . The patches did ` nt either . Wish I could get my money back .
 I bought this program as a supplimental math program for my 14 year-old daughter . I was hoping that it could help her in geometry . I have a fairly new computer but still experienced some freezing with this program . This ended up not being the help that I wanted for her and we are currently not using it .
 Not particularly pleased with `` Math Success Deluxe 2007 '' . Problems experienced during game play in the animated classroom environment , causing unexpected computer freeze . Overall , a horribleSoftware program with many software issues to resolve .
 This product is really a conglomeration of several third party math tutorial products , none of which work . Once I got it set up -LRB- not simple - it is really three seperate setup programs all completely different -RRB- it crashed on the first run . I went to the topics web site for help but it does n't have anything about this product . Oh , but it 's really three products , remember ? So you have to go to the web site for each of the included programs
 Am going to collage very soon and thought a math disk would help me greatly . The Math Success Deluxe 2007 looked promising even though my sister got there 2006 verison and it froze on her many times I asummed that 2007 would be differant . It looked great and very differant so I downloaded it and it worked for a little then froze on me and I have a very new PC its only a month old !! So my warning is do not buy this I wish there was a review like this before I wasted money on this . I know this game would be great if it worked .
 I thought Power Writer was exactly what I was looking for , and while it was a bit confusing at first , not a bad product over all . At the time bought it , I did n't know about the `` three times and you 're dead '' rule . That is a killer for me . I do n't how many times I have had a virus that forced me to reinstall my software , and most of the time I would n't have the opportunity to do a uninstall . This is the stingiest piece of software I have ever come across . I assume that if you try to install it a fourth time , there is a way of translating your work-in-progress from a Power Writer file to some sort of a text file without having to buy another copy.Many EULA agreements , if you read the fine print , licence you to install a program both on a deskstop and a notebook , honoring most users ' needs these days . Amen.There are a number of irritations involving files and other external factors that make it seem that the person who did the specs did n't use computers very much . Worse , I lost some work , apparently because Power Writer wants to put the documents in its program file instead of where I want to store it . Any program that ca n't remember from one session to the next where the user stores his files is poorly designed in other ways . AND YOU DO N'T PUT DOCUMENTS OF ANY KIND IN THE PROGRAMS FOLDER -- YOU PUT THEM IN THE USER 'S DOCUMENTS FOLDER ! If the user wants elsewhere , he 'll move them elsewhere.Sometimes you watch a movie that should have won an Oscar but ended being a stinker because of one or two bad decisions -- usually coming from the top . Power Writer is the software equivalent of that . I 'm also returning it and going back to Word .
 Purchased this 2 years ago . The support crew at the time said a new version was `` on the doorstep '' but nothing on that since then . This program is pretty dated . It has some nice features , but really lacks the pieces that would make it much better than the word processors that just about everyone now has already . In particular , the program does not have any tools that track story timelines -LRB- promised in new version -RRB- . The tools that it does have - like outlining and areas to store character data - can be fairly easily reproduced using features in standard word processors like Microsoft Word . I can not recommend the product in it 's current version . Maybe if that new version would ever materialize ...
 Wow ! I thought this would be simple after reading the reviews , but I 've had trouble getting powerwriter to save to CD or any other medium . I keep getting an error that the CD is full or the wrong media . VERY frustrating . The initial package is relatively easy to use although I do n't like the fact that you do not receive instructions with it . You have to rely on 4 tutorials which are brief . The help topic list has no troubleshooting section . Right now , I 'm calling tech support regarding the saving problem . As far as I 'm concerned , that 's the deal clincher . If I ca n't save my work , what good is the software package ? I found it MUCH easier to copy the work to Microsoft Works and save it to a removable disc that way . Then I decided I may as well stick with MS Works and ditch this program . ... . Since writing this review I have spoken with tech support . They told me that this progam will not automatically burn to a cd or dvd THROUGH POWERWRITER because it does n't `` recognize '' the windows accessory . I was told I could save directly to another type of external device that PowerWriter understands , but not windows . Then I was instructed to save the file to my hard drive , close powerwriter , locate the file and then use windows to save it to the cd . HUH ? That 's a lot of work to go through when I can just use Works . I did as he instructed and followed all the steps and YES it will save to a cd , but this does NOT solve the problem of being able to backup your work without buying an external drive . Basically , my understanding is that Powerwriter does not recognize or understand windows and needs other supportive technology . I have uninstalled the program . I would rather spend my time writing -LRB- I have chapters due at the publisher 's for goodness ' sake ! -RRB- than wrestling with this long process .
 I have been putting the evaluation version of this product through some testing . The program has a lot going for it - great features , very good UI , very flexible , very powerful - it should be a winner . However , the current version as of July 2010 has some pretty signficant bugs , and there appears to be no support . The company does not respond to emails , and a review of their forum shows a lot of people frustrated with lack of response to support issues . On top of that , they apparently do n't offer any upgrade path - people on the forum also complain about being unable to purchase an upgrade at any kind of discount whatever.It 's really a shame , as the program could easily be one of the best in this price range , but it seems like they put it out there with a lot of flaws and are leaving their customers dangling in the wind.I 'm going to stick with Computerize Your Assets -LRB- CYA -RRB- , which is n't as slick or full-featured , but seems solid and still pretty good . -LRB- I abandoned the Quicken Home Inventory products - the classic version does not support any kind of attachments and the new version is apparently totally buggy , consistent with much of Intuit 's recent software -RRB- . CYA has not been updated in quite some time , but at least it works , and you can easily export data out of it into another program down the road .
 This works great on an IBM PC . It is a disaster on a Mac . This software caused constant freezes on the Mac Intosh computer . This application was used in a classroom setting for handicapped children . Most of the children liked it , however the bonus CD -LRB- a Bug 's Life -RRB- which was included free of charge is more popular and offers more content .
 This works great on an IBM PC . It is a disaster on a Mac . This software caused constant freezes on the Mac Intosh computer . This application was used in a classroom setting for handicapped children . Most of the children liked it , however the bonus CD -LRB- a Bug 's Life -RRB- which was included free of charge is more popular and offers more content . Both of these application 's worked very well on IBM PC 's with an INTEL Pentium .
 Start up music was cute , 3 yr . old very excited . As soon as she began to play I realized the game did not operate as specified . Sound cuts off at the end of each phrase and boredom set in quickly . She is much happier with Jump Start.Not even worth the sale price .
 I purchased this for my two year old daughter but she has yet to use it . After seven calls to Disney Interactive customer support I have reconfigured my computer so that my speakers do n't work for anything else , all my scanned photos are terribly grainy and I still crash windows every time I try to run this . I have an e-machine which meets or exceeds the listed requirements . Customer support was very nice and tried to help , but I 'm sorry I wasted my money on this product .
 This said it worked on both pc and mac platform . However , it does not work on macs , only on PC computers
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 2 ; she did enjoy playing it for the first few sessions . She became bored with it rather quickly after that . While it does look very cute , quite bright and colorful , it 's very simplistic - even for a 2yr old . It definitely was n't worth the retail price I paid for it.It was installed on a PC with Windows 95 , and it ran ok . We later upgraded to a Windows 98 OS and it never would work after that . The PC locked up every time you tried to run the game . I was so disappointed in it that I would n't buy ANY Disney software for over a year afterwards . -LRB- Disney greatly improved their software creation process after this one , I 'm happy to say . -RRB- Speaking as a PC professional , I 'd caution anyone purchasing it for a computer with ANYTHING higher than Win95 , this product wo n't work correctly .
 We 've had the JumpStart toddler series , and some misguided friend gave us this one . We uninstalled a week later . Does not run smoothly , and did not maintain my sons attention like the Jump Start toddler does .
 Thankfully I bought this on clearance . You get what you pay for!The format & information on the disk is wonderful . My 2 yr old son loves the voices , bright colors & games . The problem is the disk program is terrible . It jams , skips & now the audio has quit ! How sad for my son because it was his favorite . Shame on Disney for putting out such a piece of junk
 My 2.5 daughter loves her Reader Rabbit Toddler and accepts her Jumpstart Toddler . She is comfortable playing both RR and JS 1-2 hours . So I bought this thinking it would be a good next step . I was disappointed . She does not enjoy it and will spend no more than 15 minutes with it . -- Stupid cartoon uninterruptible . Slows everything down without giving anything new . RR has a cartoon that was interesting the first few times , but we regularly interrupt it now . -- Characters not involved in interaction . There is a car whose horn you can press -LRB- whoo , whoo -RRB- . That is a high point ! -- Too much emphasis on artwork , little on interaction . -- Concluding credits uninterruptible . Just try interrupting this computer hog to quickly get something off your computer for a phone call.Very disappointing.I think the section where you water-spray the letter , number , color , shape will be beneficial , however , the goal of the exercise is not clear for younger children , and quickly becomes boring . I can think of hundreds of ways to make it more interesting . Where were these guys?The musical and spray-paint sections are a good start , but they give up so quickly.And god forbid that you do n't cntrl-P to turn off the printer . If you leave your child with the printer on , you wo n't have any paper and your child happily prints the large button to print out worksheets , again and again . It 's rare to want to print , why is this such a large button.And one of the worst features is that the exit is fairly large and central . So you go into an area , put up with the uninterruptible cartoon , the child starts to play , and boom ! , she accidentally hits the exit . -LRB- RR for example has a delay that helps the child decide not to exit . -RRB-
 Causes Windows to crash repeatedly on both my Win98 and Win2000 machines -LRB- no problem with Reader Rabbit on both -RRB- . Mac-centric development evident . Disney offer 90 Day Money Back Guarantee but offers no information whatsoever on how to carry it out .
 This game starts out great but then is the flattest game/learning program I 've ever scene . My 3 year old wants to see the characters , but after a brief introduction they are gone never to return and in their place is basically work sheets.Where is the imagination ? Where is the creative use of the potential of the computer?One section , Goofy 's car assembly , is the only mildly redeeming feature . But that 's just not enough.Leave it on the shelf .
 I have used Symantec and Norton products for years with good success . But Norton Intenet Security is a disaster . Unexpectedly , after a long period of problem free operation , I encountered a series of problems on my computer . E-mail would not work . Ping URL locked up -LRB- but Ping IP worked OK -RRB- . Microsoft task manager would not stop non-responsive tasks , plus several other problems . After paying Microsoft to help diagnose , it turned out that the culprit was NIS2005 . Turn firewall off and everything works fine . There is no effective support from Symantec without paying half again for the product . Now a new problem has surfaced . NIS is asking to activate the software again -LRB- it was activated when purchased -RRB- . The web says that there are all sorts of unrecoverable problems with NIS activation , and I ca n't afford to spend another day with more problems . Originally , Symantec was a good company , but I think they have lost it .
 I am looking into what works and do n't know if one exists . I read all the reviews for McAfee and find a hord of horror stories and I thought Norton stank . I am not super computer savy but know when a products stinks ! It locks up my computer all the time , constant rebooting of my poor old dinosaur -LRB- Windows 98 OS -RRB- . I have always had Norton and encountered a few minor glitches but every year it gets worse and last year was the first year I could n't go any higher than NAV 2005 because NAV 2006 is not compatible with Win98 operating system . I was also upset that I could n't buy the CD to reinstall it if I had problems as I did in the past when I would have to uninstall and reinstall it several times before getting it right ... well sort of right . It had to be all done online through Norton 's website ... not to mention that you do n't want to make these guys any richer by calling and paying for tech support.Also , I have a big gripe when updating the installation online and doing it 2 or 3 weeks early , you get cheated out of those days or weeks because it starts calculating your subscription from the time you installed it . It used to add in the days or weeks you still had left on your old subscription . Just another way to cheat you these days I guess.The one thing that has helped me keep things running a little smoother and was the only thing that fixed my initial installation of Norton , -LRB- which was causing an ungodly amount of problems and would n't install -RRB- was a little program I paid a pretty penny for called `` PC Mighty Max '' which fixes all kinds of errors and aparently did the trick and allowed the installation of Norton ... finally ! What can I use on my Dinosaur OS ? I do n't know what I 'll try now ? My Norton Subscription runs out in January and I am perplexed ? Do I Risk a virus ? Risk stealing of my passwords or lord knows what else ? I guess , but Norton does n't seem to be the answer for Antivirus without it 's many many problems . If you can get the stupid thing installed in the first place . If you like problems and headaches Norton 's the way to go !
 Let me start by saying that I have pretty much always used Norton software for computer safety and have not been disappointed , and that is the only reason that It gets 2 stars -LRB- more like 1 1/2 -RRB- since I am sure that it works just as well as their other products . Also , I am a college student and can seldom to afford to purchase either new versions or subscription fees that Norton seems to enjoy doing these days . I figured that I would just bite the bullet this year since it has been at least 3 years since I have upgraded any of the older packages that I own.With that all being said allow me to explain why I gave it the rating that I have . I originally purchased this at another store in town and returned it immediately once I saw that there was a manditory online activation . That just insults my intelligence and loyalty to the company and refuse to support companies that have that policy . The best way to keep companies from telling you what you can do with something that you have purchased from them is to just not purchase them at all ! If any of you have a similar gripe that I do not recommend purchasing this product . There are other software packages that are either free or do not have similar policies as Symmatic that can be found . I feel that I am going to do as soon as I am done writing this review !!
 This is a review of ProVenture Label Maker v4 .0 , which may be the product that some Marketplace sellers are sellinghere , here , here , here , andhere . Amazon may display this review on the page of another version of this product , for which this review may not apply . After reading this review , please click on the links and e-mail the respective Marketplace sellers to find out what version they are selling , so that you can be assured that the product this review applies to is the same one you thought it was for . -------------------------------------------------- I will be reviewing ProVenture Label Maker v4 .0 , which was released in 2006 -LRB- according to the copyright date on the blue and white box -RRB- . Product Information * Developed by
 As with MSB Whales and Dophins , this is not a full-fledged Magic School Bus CD , but is just an activity center . The Magic School Bus CDs fall into two categories
 As with MSB Whales and Dophins , this is not a full-fledged Magic School Bus CD , but is just an activity center . The Magic School Bus CDs fall into two categories
 My 5 year old daughter loves Magic School Bus . She has a few of the games -LRB- Human Body , Inside Earth , Dinosaurs , and this one -RRB- . She plays the others repeatedly , but almost never plays Lands on Mars . Though I have n't studied the game myself , I suspect it just has fewer activities and less interesting activities than the others .
 Most of the games/activities are much less stimulating than those of Jump Start 's 18mo to 3yr-old version . In fact , some of them are so simple and shallow that it 's hard to believe there is n't more to them that is inaccessible somehow due to a programming flaw . The butterfly selector is confusing and requires adult assistance . The program comes with two levels of play , and the level selector pops up anytime the mouse nears the bottom of the screen . This is bad because many of the child 's activity zones are also located at the bottom of the screen . This means the level selector gets launched inadvertently every few minutes . The selector then covers up the section of the screen that the child is playing with . In addition , the level selector does n't work according to the steps laid out in the directions . My husband and I are both multimedia developers and neither of us can figure this selector out . Our son enjoys 2 of the 6 activities , so I feel we got somewhat of our money 's - worth . But I probably would n't purchase it again . My recommendation
 Our son loves JumpStart Baby , with Teddy , and the ease of `` press any key '' to make things work . JS Toddlers often does n't give you a clue if it wants a key to be pressed or the mouse to be clicked - at least Teddy would politely remind you of what to do , whereas the duck will just stand there and tap its foot impatiently , which I just find annoying . A little verbal prompting would go a long way ! Graphics and sound were n't as smooth as JS Baby , either - it 's very jumpy , skips , etc. .
 I love the JumpStart line of products . I purchased this for my child and tried to install in on a computer that operates on Windows XP . No luck . The sys req are for Win 95/98 . Tech support says that it MAY not work on the XP sys , but should on older versions . So I pulled an old computer out of storage that has Win 95 on it . No luck there either . Tech support wo n't help because they no longer support Win 95 . Maybe it would work on Win 98 , but I give up . This is the 3rd disc from Knowledge Adventure that I have encountered problems like this on ... and I am pretty handy with computers .
 This game is very disappointing . There is actually very little to do and see . It requires a parents help to point and click the mouse and has very little interaction . Other CD 's capture my 21/2 year olds attention for 3x as long . It is rather expensive and keeps a young childs attention for only 10-15 minutes . I read several other reviews saying it would be better for older kids - but my 5 year old daughter complains the CD is boring with nothing to do . I suggest Reader Rabbit or Fisher Price Little People instead .
 I can not return it either -LRB- J&R policy -RRB- . What a rip -- no wonder it was only $ 10 -- it wo n't work in any of the current operating systems . DO N'T BUY IT !
 my daughter loves to do things `` by herself '' , and I honestly thought JS toddlers was going to help her become familiar with the PC . Argh ! There is no clue as to what she has to do , the instructions are ambiguous and not enough . This software expects the parent to sit in front of the computer with the child , helping him every step of the way ... . well , here 's news for you
 My daughter -LRB- 3 1/2 -RRB- likes the duck , but she really has n't figured out how to get from one place to another on this . I find it difficult to navigate , myself . I had hoped that she 'd gain some computer skills from this since she already knows her shapes , letters , how to count , etc , but no such luck . All in all , Jumpstart Toddlers is n't that great . And having to worry that the Jumpstart program will open up my Internet browser is pretty bizarre .
 I was very disappointed in the software . Itis really boring.It should be more for a 3 1/2 to 5 year old.They should bring the JUMPSTART TODDLERS with the Dog , Peekaboo game back . Why change something that is already working?This game is a waste of money and can not learn anything from it.The only thing that 's nice is that it 's colorful.I miss just buying the CD alone , now it comes in a cardboard box and it costs more money ...
 Your little one might be cruising the Web with this software!If the feather -LRB- used as a pointer -RRB- winds up on the right side of the screen , there 's an option to go to the Jumpstart website . The next thing you know , your sweet little baby is pushing keys , opening your browser , and going online . I think it 's very strange that this software that 's geared to toddlers tries to take them online.My daughter -LRB- 3 1/2 -RRB- likes the duck , but she really has n't figured out how to get from one place to another on this . I find it difficult to navigate , myself . All in all , this is n't that great . And having to worry that the Jumpstart program will open up my Internet browser is pretty bizarre .
 Jump Start Baby was fantastic so when my twins became toddlers I decided to buy Jump Start Toddlers . The graphics and sound quality are fine the but usability is not easy and very erratic . Take the counting game for example . 10 fish are displayed on the screen and it is supposed to count from one to ten so the child can learn to count . What happens is if the keyboard is clicked -LRB- which it is all the time -RRB- it goes on to the next group of fish to count . So basically your child is just hearing the number 1 . This also happens with the colors . The flowers change color and as soon as the keyboard is clicked it goes on to the next color to change cutting Dee off in mid sentence . I think the product would be really good if this feature were fixed . We have stopped using this product .
 We own several of the Jump Start games and bought this CD based on the excellence of the others in the series . Unfortunately , we have been mostly disappointed.The biggest problem is the strange navigation . I 'm comfortable with computers -LRB- I 've been a programmer for 15 years -RRB- and yet I find myself muttering under my breath while trying to get from one screen to another . Sometimes hovering with the mouse enacts animation -LRB- the butterfly -RRB- ; sometimes you have to click and hover -LRB- the menu -RRB- . One gets the feeling it was n't tested on anyone before release.Another disappointment is the lack of interactivity . Maybe it 's the excitement of finally being able to navigate to another area that sets you up for a let down . There is little to do in each section but watch minimal animation . Granted , toddlers have a limited ability to interact with the computer but even my 2 year old gets tired of it quickly.If you want an expert opinion , my daughter chooses this game LEAST of all the CD 's we own and it 's the newest one . That should give an indication of how kid friendly it is.If you can find the previous version of Jump Start Toddler , you 'll find a vastly better product at a lesser cost .
 I shopped around for a video editing program , and this one looked pretty good . Good reviews and so on . Nothing on the box or other product literature suggests that as packaged this product will NOT import or export MPEG Video -LRB- the industry and internet standard -RRB- . There is no mention of video plugins in the manual , on the box , or on the screenblast website , but when you try to import or save a * . mpg file the program asks for your Credit Card number ... to `` unlock '' the MPEG plugin . ... I 'm just waiting for more surprises . one star .
 I purchased the product hoping to burn family videos to DVD . I found that you had to purchase the MPEG add on to do so . I also wanted the ability to add menus to the DVD so it does n't play like an old fashioned video tape ... the product does n't do that . I found that this product does not offer any more functionality more than Windows Movie Maker which is available for free download from the MicroSoft site . I 'm sending the product back .
 I bought this product because the box says `` Burn your videos onto CDs for playback in most DVD players . '' When tried to do this , a window pops up telling me I have to buy a ... plug-in for MPEG1 or MPEG2 . I am very upset . The box also advertises downloading free video clips . If you try to do tis , you are solicited to buy more software . There is nothing `` free '' about his product .
 No mention of the fact that you will have to pay an additional $ ... to get an MPEG plug-in until you try to use the program -LRB- which by the way both my Sony Digital Camcorder and my Sony Digital Camera spit out in the MPEG format - but their software wo n't work with it -RRB- . You had best compare this to similar products that run around a $ ... because once they 're done with you at Screenblast that 's what you 'll have into it !
 In comparison to comparbly priced products , I found this software to be less functional and more complicated . As stated by others , I too am extremely put off by the fact that you have to purchase additional modules in order to export videos as mpeg 's . This is a feature that is fundamental to burning video cd 's and to much of the video editing world !! The only positive aspect to me is the fact that the software did not lock up and ran very smoothly for me compared to Video Deluxe 2 . If , however , Video Deluxe were to actually work as advertised without locking up , there would be no contest in terms of price , funtionality and overall satisfaction . The quest for the perfect video software continues ...
 The product went back . It 's not ready yet . Use Movie Maker for FREE. ; -LRB-
 This is certainly NOT the `` quickest way to learn ASL '' which the box said was `` guaranteed '' ! There are 4 CD 's . I was able to make the programs work on one computer but I ca n't make them work on my laptop or the new computer I got -LRB- very frustrating -RRB- . The `` Signlink '' CD has really great animated signs -- however , it is the same signs that are available on the web -LRB- for example at aslbrowser.commtechlab.msu.edu/browser.htm -RRB- . `` Personal communicator '' CD is interesting -LRB- you enter the words and it translates , but not in true ASL ; lots of fingerspelling -RRB- . I really liked the Avatar Friends -LRB- when I got it to work -RRB- which have animated characters sign to you , it is cool , but once you see all the stories it is not very good practice after that . I did n't get much out of the other two and did n't find them useful -LRB- and now I ca n't get them to work so I ca n't double check for you -RRB- . If you can easily afford the price , and are very computer savy , or do n't have internet access for the video sign library , you might try this . The Avatar friends is a good way to get a start of understanding ASL -- ** if ** you can get it to work on your computer .
 I should have listened to the review by Children 's SoftwareRevue and not purchased this software for my 3 1/2 year old daughters.The activities are very shallow and not well done at all . Thecoloring book
 I bought this product on a whim , thinking I could use to re-enforce my `` guitar for dummies '' knowledge.While the cover looks exciting -LRB- play along with the band , many views of the guitar , etc. -RRB- , once you load the product and start trying to use it to learn is when you realize how badly you want to get your money back.I think the biggest complaint , is that there is no order on the lessons . There is a table of contents , but nothing even remotely indicating `` start here and go in this direction '' . It is the most unorganized piece of software I have ever purchased.Save your money , and run away from this product .
 The good thing
 This program leaves quite a bit to be desired . It does not break down a project by hour which is sometimes very handy dealing with a small project or one that has many at a facets per day . The tutorials fairly good but it still leaves something to be desired in the finance area . I have not been able to find any way to add materials or cost of machinery or services other than labor.I have had to resort returning to an old program that I bought a number of years ago called Project Manager by Softkey.Tom Walker , Arizona
 This program was a waste of time and money . My son was looking forward to learning to type and , after an hour of installing/uninstalling the program 4 times we FINALLY got to the point where you could enter you name -LRB- it would n't run the other times we 'd installed it -RRB- , we got an error message and were kicked out of the program . After trying this whole charade again , we tried to call the help number on the CD . The number is out of order.BUYER BEWARE . There 's nothing we can do other than throw it in the trash .
 Aug. 17 , 2001 Webster 's Gold Encyclopedia , the Food Lover 's Encyclopedia , and the rest are apparently no longer being supported with an on-line site . Used to be you inserted the CD , called up the program and then you had a choice of browsing what you had off-line ; updating the books , or recipes ; or going on-line and browsing there.I just tried updating , and going on-line with Food Lovers , and the misnamed New Millennium Encyclopedia and got zap , nada , nothing . When I tried contacting tech support listed on the Food Lovers CD , I got the Pearson home page , saying that Macmillian is now Pearson , and there 's absolutely nothing there at all about this CD , or any other in the pack.What a rip-off . We just bought the set a couple months ago , and certainly did n't expect this .
 Two of the cd 's froze up on me when I tried to use them . Hoping that there was just something wrong with the copy I had , I exchanged it at the store . My replacement copy did the same thing . Do n't buy this encyclopedia . My advice is to buy something more expensive , like encarta . It will be well worth the extra money !
 These CD-ROMs have lots of information , good graphics and sound , but are very difficult to navigate . There is no way to exit or end . I had to shut down my computer to get it to stop . There is no point to using them if you ca n't use them easily . I would not recommend this product .
 Had been using ZA-PRO for years . This ZoneAlarm Internet Security Suite product severely bogged down the entire systems ... on all three machines I installed it on . Uninstalled it , and back to normal . ZoneLabs is unresponsive to any of my inquiries.I W-A-S a happy customer of ZA .
 I have ran Zone Alarm and Zone Alarm Pro for a few years so I thought stepping up to Security Suite was a natural . I have never used any system that bogs down a computer so much . I have done the many fixes that are in the blog and no luck . I am not even going to finish out the year with this . I know it is nice have a secure system , but it is n't worth the time I wait with Zone Alarm Suite .
 I installed the software on a new Dell Latitude running XP and it absolutely made the system run as if it was sitting in sludge . It took at least 2-3 minutes to launch a new browser virtually locking up the system . When I tried to launch Outlook the system felt as if it was running in reverse . I have never installed software that has corrupted the system processes as bad as this one has . As soon as I disabled the software the system ran as it had before . I am not willing to take the additional time to see if the software was conflicting with any other software running . I have used the free version of the firewall in the past and have been very happy with it . I unistalled the suite and re-installed the free Zonealarm and everything is running fine .
 I kid you not , this suite , program , resource * THUG * IS THE WORST GARBAGE ON THE MARKET . Like others i read the shiny reviews and took a chance and purchasing it because of the frequent trips to HELL I had logged in with other so called `` SECURITY SUITES '' over the years . Works ok for about the first month or so and then ... WHAMMMM . . crash city . Think I 'm joking ... buy it and find out for yourself . I 'm no PRO yet , but i do have enough knowledge about programming to know when my PC goes from -LRB- NORMAL to CHOKE -RRB- out of the clear blue . Uinstalled it -LRB- 3X -RRB- just to make sure that it was the cause of the problem , sure enough , it was . Other reviewers mentioned thier processor being pulled to the grind ... well it 's true . STAY AWAY ... STAY FAR . . FAR . . AWAY .
 Installing ZoneAlarm on my XP computer made boot-up time over four minutes and made MS Outlook useless . I could not remove ZoneAlarm from the computer and was only able to save the computer with `` system restore '' . Get some other software to protect your computer !!
 The most recent version 7.0 was sent via a downloaded upgrade to owners of this ZoneAlarm Internet Suit a couple of weeks ago and has been a nightmare . The ZoneAlarm forums are filled with user 's complaints . This software is full of bugs , it has crashed user 's OUTLOOK and OUTLOOK EXPRESS email programs , and we are unable to use our email . ZoneAlarm customer service is the worst ! It took them 6 days to respond to my technical request email , and the response was canned and not appropriate to the problem . I finally called their corporate office and was told `` if you do n't like the program uninstall it ! '' . If your want to speak to their technical support they charge $ 2.99 per minute , even if the problem was caused by them ! At this time the software remains not fully use-able , I have no email from OUTLOOK , ZoneAlarm has not owned up to the nightmare they have created with their users , and they are not responsive as to when a fix will be available . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this product because of positive member reviews and and outstanding review in CNet . However , I just bought a new Dell Inspiron E1505 that shipped with Windows Vista Home Premium , and ZoneAlarm 6.5 is flat out incompatible with the new OS . I downloaded ZoneAlarm 7.0 and that is flat out incompatible as well . I 'm sure this is a great Security Suite for Windows XP , but beware if you have Vista . There seems to be no update on their website when Zonelabs will release a Vista compatible ZoneAlarm . -LRB- They mention something about `` after January 2007 '' , but it 's March , for crying out loud ! -RRB- So there 's my purchase price of a good product down the drain.February 2008 update
 I purchased this product after reading many negative reviews on other products -LRB- my last Internet security product was PC-Cillin , I did n't renew because of the Low ratings for 2007 -RRB- . What I found was that an huge load was put on my processor , and system memory apparently because I use a program that feeds video over the internet from a network cam . I never had problems like this before , and after some research on the ZA support site , I found other users who were having similar problems with their processors overclocking . VSMON.exe seems to be the culprit , and is the main component of the Zone Alarm product . Everything seems fine , as long as I do n't try to use video over the internet -LRB- including IM webcams -RRB- . I would recommend thinking about if you intend on using webserver programs before making this purchase .
 This program has some features that I like , but in the end I had some problems and switched to Norton Internet Security . After one user logged into XP , nobody else could because the password input boxes would no longer take input . I also had the runaway process issue with vsmon.exe . The process would take up more and more memory until the computer was swapping so much you could n't use it . To be fair , these two issues were resolved with a clean reinstall , but what happened on the first install?The third issue that I had was a startup timing problem between ZoneAlarm and Outlook Express which forced a restart of Outlook fairly often . I probably could have solved that too but I just decided to stop and switch to another program .
 This program has a good firewall - THAT is all that is good on it ! The antivirus is VERY poor and I have had to reinstall both computers i put it on . Also , there is NO TELEPHONE SUPPORT ! They do not seem to care that they sell a poor product when you do hear back from them via email .
 I have been using this product , but the '06 version , for almost a month now . Each day , i am more frustrated by it . At first the program control got set to high , i set it down , it works good . firewall was set too high also , lowered , still having problems , any lower it would be `` firewall off '' and thats the low setting . This ` program ` will give you lots of grief . why ? - gmail login
 I must question the vocacity of this and similar reviews here that report how easy it is to install and operate NAS 7 . I 've been researching the major AV suite programs and reviews for 2 weeks . I was leaning towards NAS 7 until I read numerous posts on their own forum that report problems with install and operation . I am concerned with 3 issues their own moderator disclosed on 1-17-07
 So bad that I had to uninstall it from my Desktop and Laptop computers .
 If you have AOL , Zone Alarm Internet Security will give you hours of grief before you uninstall it and buy Norton . There is no support to help you get through the problems .
 Bought this in May 2007 . Product literature claims to be `` VISTA Ready '' and is licensed for 3 computers . Had no trouble with the first two installations on XP , but will not install on VISTA . You need to download a new file from the web , which you ca n't find by yourself . You need to e-mail tech support -LRB- they do n't have free tech support by phone -RRB- , and get a link to a web page to download the file . When you try to install this file , it probably wo n't install correctly . Back to tech support e-mails . At that point , you get 4 pages of instructions , which include booting in safe mode , running `` regedit '' , deleting registry keys manually , etc. . I did get the program running , but took many hours spread out over several weeks.The program itself is satisfactory . Has problems that seem endemic to all firewall programs.Bottom line
 I 've been a long time user of Trend Micro 's PCcillin but after reading poor reviews on their latest version I decided I did n't want to take a chance on it so I went looking for different anti-virus software . I stumbled onto this ZoneAlarm -LRB- piece of junk -RRB- and after reading mostly wonderful reviews I down loaded their trial . It did n't seem too bad . After a few weeks I bought this 3 computer suite and installed it . I went a while longer and notice my computer 's performance was not as good as it was . I downloaded upgrades and uninstalled old versions and installed new . Now after about a month my computer is practically unusable -LRB- as well as the kid 's - they have been screaming about slow computer since the start -RRB- . This zonealarm is the worst software I have ever used . It hogs CPU and memory . It gets the CPU usage to 80 - 100 % and it does n't free it up . I shut down all programs and CPU just keeps churning away . The interesting thing is that at times I would check task manager processes and system idle would be 90 % but when you check the performance tab the CPU chart would be near 100 % ? Go figure ! I finally said enough and uninstalled it -LRB- and deleted every occurrence of zonealarm out of the registry -RRB- and downloaded Trend Micro 's pccillin . It 's installed and I got my old machine back . Log-ins take 40 seconds were they would take over 3 minutes with ZA . CPU is back to normal . You could n't give me this cr * ppy software . I wish I would have stuck with pccillin and saved the $ 40 !
 I purchased this software because the software box was labeled `` Vista Ready , '' but the software could not be installed on a PC running Vista , citing the software is not compatible with Windows Vista .
 I bought Internet Security Suite - 3 user . Antivirus portion of the product was not working . I tried all suggestions at the manufacturer 's forum . Apparently , it has errors that keep certain computers from running it successfully . My computer must be the one with `` wrong setup . `` There are many happy customers . I wish I was one of them .
 This a bar-none the best Internet Security Suite available ... if you are satisfied with running obsolete operating systems . It is a travesty that Checkpoint still has n't gotten a Vista compatible version out the door , and their website implies that Vista is still a future prodect for Microsoft . Shame on them !
 I am an experienced computer professional and beta tester and ZA 7 is an unmitigated disaster . Issues clearly identified while in beta were not fixed when CheckPoint -LRB- an Israeli company which purchased ZA in 2004 -RRB- released the `` gold '' version on Jan 15 , 2007 . If you do manage to get it working it uses anywhere from 80 to 170 MB of RAM ! Then the so called `` Kaspersky '' antivirus database will corrupt . This makes Symantec products seem elegant.It is insult to injury when the arrogant attitude of tech support adds to the frustrations . The wall of silence from CheckPoint ZoneAlarm is stunning as they have still not fixed even one of the numerous problems.Steer clear . Try Comodo Firewall / AVG anti-virus or anything else but this .
 I bought this product because I used Zone Alarm free firewall for many years without much trouble , but this product slowed down my Windows XP machine and prevented Run VNC from working properly . Also , when I bought it , it did n't work on Vista . It was n't until early this summer when a Vista version was finally released and then the Vista version was lacking many features found on the XP version . But the real kicker was that Zone Alarm would freeze up my Vista laptop for up to 5 minutes at a time . Their tech support was phenomenally unhelpful as was their knowledge database . The product made my laptop unusable , so Zone Alarm had to GO.I boughtBitdefender Internet Security Suite 10.0 -LSB- 2 Year Subscription for 2 PCs -RSB- and have been happy -LRB- mostly -RRB- . So to recap Zone Labs Internet Security Suite = lousy product support , lousy features on Vista -LRB- not what you 're paying for -RRB- , lousy product . Zone Labs , what happened to you ? We had a wonderful relationship ... you made good , free , products and I free-loaded off of you for years . Then when I spend money on you , you turn ugly . Bad business model .
 Beware , this is old software . The version I received was manufactured in 1990 and came with two 5-1/4 '' floppy disks and one 3-1/2 '' disk ; neither of which work in a modern laptop . Fortunately , the retailer accepted my return and refunded my money , including shipping .
 This CD is a joke . The description indicates that it is a `` complete language training program , '' which is completely false . Basically , all kids can do is click on sounds and listen to them . There is really no context . Boring . It 's difficult to get the CD to function properly , and there are times when there are n't even any links to click on . One of the worst aspects of the program is that there are description of the sounds and definitions -- all written in ENGLISH . If children are supposed to use the CD to learn the sounds of the language , I can guarantee that they are not reading the lengthy definitions . Another sorry point to the CD is the lack of tech support . There is an email address on the CD case , but when I tried to contact them , the email bounced back . Obviously , the company is out of business , and for good reason . Amazon should no longer sell this product .
 It does n't cost much , but then it does n't do much . You ca n't look up birds based on characteristics . When you try to use the Advanced Features , you 're told you need to buy another piece of software.Basically , it functions exactly like what it claims to be , i.e. , a reference book , only not as useful as a book , which you can at least thumb through at random and make serendipitous discovieries.If you know what bird or species you 're looking for , you can find its picture , song , distribution , etc. . But you ca n't identify a bird based on its characteristics . For that , I find The Cornell Lab of Ornithology 's `` Guide to Birds of North America -LSB- CD -RSB- '' : https://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/display-epay-status/104-0656308-5935923?order_id=058-9426426-1066735is far better suited.Also , the background screen is a fluorescent cyan that I find garish , and it apparently ca n't be changed.I do n't think the company exists any longer , which means the Advanced Features are n't available . You 're actually better off buying a book than this software .
 I was looking for some software to help my fourth grader with math facts , computations , etc. -LRB- He 's an Everyday Math victim . -RRB- The activites , even at the most advanced level , are much too easy for him . Pointing and clicking at different piles of cookies is not division . This is a complete waste .
 Even though it says it will work with Vista , it did n't . I asked for a replacement and the new one did n't work either .
 Bought the 4 CD Algebra series and with the 2nd disk 's installation , I was advised to DISABLE MY VIRUS software for it ? Nothing doing!So then , it would NOT load at all . Something in my VIRUS software does NOT like this series . I TRUST my VIRUS protection.I do NOT recommend this set of programs.INTO THE RECYCLE BIN !
 This software is ancient ! Low-res graphics ! Poor navigation structure ! We installed this on my son 's computer and we saw this tiny little box on the screen where everything took place -- no way to maximize it ! This software should be brought into the new millenium ! I do not recommend it !
 Product was poorly packaged . The CD Disks came in all cracked and useless . I had to return them to the vender .
 On the box it states that this game works with Windows 95/98 , not XP as it is stated in the Amazon description . I tried installing it on Vista , and it wo n't even install . The game installed on Windows XP , but it runs with many bugs , hang ups , very slow , and it is almost impossible to exit this game -LRB- you need to do it through killing it from Task Manager . -RRB- Also we found Word Munchers to be very simplistic and boring . All it does is offer different lists of words from which you are supposed to pick words matching the description
 This softwear will not run on a 64 bit computer . I got three learning games for my kids and they all got the same error message . So sad .
 I am a novice at web page creating and I am OVERLY glad I tried the free web trial -LRB- of course I lied about my address and my first born etc. that you MUST give to just get the so called `` FREE '' trial -RRB- this is the WORST web page editor for not so with it people . It does not look anything even close to what frontpage had and again I am highly disappointed with it . Where are the themes , web counters and the other simple to understand components ? I did try Namo Web Editor and for people like me , it is very good . This may be wonderful for those of you who are very web page saavy but again if you are a novice do n't get this or uprgrade to it , you will be HIGHLY disappointed .
 This product is a disappointment . Many of the fine features of Front Page have been removed .
 I found Microsoft Frontpage98 easy to use for my ameture skills . I created a good useful , professional site . I am finding myself very intimidated with the new `` Expression Web '' upgrade . I have n't yet installed it for fear of not being able to successfully import and update my current website . It seems to be geared for the professional website creator . I am keeping the program in hopes that I will be able to use it eventually .
 I 've been waiting for a replacement for buggy FP for years and was anxious to switch to Expression . I am very disappointed.I 'm probably an average level webmaster - I edit several web sites but am not a full time webmaster . I have a programming background and have been using PCs for decades.Expression appears to be very powerful but it 's a big waste of time . It 's one of most complex apps I have seen in a while.First I tried importing a site from FP and had endless problems getting the layout to look right . It looked one way in Expression , another in Firefox and another in Explorer . I tried for hours and could not fix it . I had a wide variety of problems - not a single issue that might have been a mental block.So then I figured maybe it would be cleaner if I try to rebuild the template page in Expression from scratch - still a mess I could not fix . Then I looked at starting the whole site from scratch by beginning with a template web that was similar to what I wanted . Could n't figure that out either.Admittedly I am not big on reading help docs but I manage to learn most well-design products without wading thru the help . Not so with Expression . Zero usability testing here - at least with anyone below the total geek-programmer-web-guru level.If you have time to do a lot of reading or take a course on this monster maybe it will work for you . Or if you have a large IT department that knows the product you might get somewhere.For the rest of us , Expression will be a huge frustrating waste of time .
 Frankly , I expect new applications to have more capabilities , not less.I expect a smooth migration path when I upgrade within a vendor 's offerings.I expect that there will be tools that will help me modify my stuff to take full advantage of the new environment.All of this is missing in Expression Web , sadly.I downloaded the beta and ran it . My sites , all seven of them , rendered the same way they had with FrontPage . My business , in addition to websites , is publishing history on CD-ROMs which I sell to genealogists , historians , etc. , and the CDs came out the same way in EW as they had in FP . In fact , there seemed to be virtually nothing new about Expression Web except for a new interface to learn.I figured that the migration aids would be there when I shelled out my $ $ , and that once I explored all the great things in EW the veil would be lifted from my eyes and I would see the light . So I bought the product , and installed it , and found virtually no change from the beta.The migration aids were not there . The veil remained solidly in place.I have a business to run , and I simply do not have time to screw around learning a new interface and losing capabilities I regularly use in order to be using Microsoft 's latest offering.So , I uninstalled EW and reverted to FP 2003 . Fortunately I bought the upgrade so I was n't out a whole lot of money for this experiment.On a positive note , I found the development team open to inquiries and generally supportive -- this was FAR BETTER than I had ever seen Microsoft perform in this regard , by the way . That openness and supportiveness alone resulted in a two star rating instead of the one star I had originally decided to give the product .
 Well , I 've been using FrontPage for a long time now since it was reasonable priced and it has many features that help manage and design web pages on a lets say `` amateur '' level . And I completely disagree with reviewers who state that it is not possible to create standards based web pages with FrontPage . That 's all I did and they always validated just fine . Now when I found out that Expression Web is out with a punchline `` create standards based web pages '' I thought I finally get a decent web development tool that supports real standards not only Microsoft 's pseudo standards . What a misconception.As some other reviewers have already mentioned , some essential features that make up a `` professional '' web development tool have been removed , such as client side includes -LRB- aka `` include webbot 's '' -RRB- , the navigation structure tab including support to create page navigation based on the web site 's hierarchy . Another very annoying removal is the missing page preview tab . To see the web page as it would appear in IE , IE has to be launched through the preview function -LRB- e.g. F12 -RRB- . The design tab , for example , does not display some dynamic functionality such as a : hover with a background change defined in CSS.Other essentials that would make up a professional tool are still missing . E.g. designing standards based web pages using CSS and div 's requires careful layout of these elements and one would expect guides and a grid to simplify pixel alignment of div 's and other items.It would have almost deserved 0 stars if there would n't be some improvements around standards such as DOCTYPE definitions and the nice feature of being able to click on a style tag in code view and get right to the style in the CSS file.I should have downloaded the trial SW but I guess I was too much of an optimist .
 Microsoft 's decision to embrace HTML standards is good news . Unfortunately Expression Web is a poor implementation of that decision . Too many simple things are difficult to do , but more importantly it crashes remarkably often when running on Vista . It is unfortunate that Microsoft has not issued any updates to correct this obvious and significant problem .
 I bought this product hoping to get more that i was out of Frontpage for my website . It seemed to difficult for me to use .
 I purchase this after using Frontpage 2003 for what seems forever ! I 've gotten good use out of FP , and it has more than paid for itself . But I 'm just not sure what to make of Expression Web . I installed it , tried out some of the learning tools , but it just did n't click . I currently use a program that costs me 1/3 the price and has all the features of Expression Web . I also continue to use FP for basic stuff , especially when I need straight HTML programming.I 've gone to MS website and read some of the tutorials , checked out their forum , etc. . But it seems as if MS wants me to buy all these add-on 's -LRB- like Adobe does -RRB- to get the program to do what it should already do . Personally , I think I wasted my money on this , and sorry I purchased it .
 Wasted my money !!! Expression actually had fewer of the features than Frontpage that I personally wanted -LRB- i.e. they took out photo galleries -RRB- and it did n't even fix some of the bugs that have plagued me -LRB- it still crashes when trying to publish large websites -RRB- . I have uninstalled Expression and am back to using Frontpage and am looking around to see if there is some other program that will meet my needs -LRB- a non-professional web designer needing wysiwyg for large websites -RRB- .
 I bought the upgrade version of Expression Web and installed it on a computer with Vista Ultimate . It crashes often . I loose work whenever it crashes if I do n't save constantly . Micrsoft seems to release software before it is perfected . This causes alot of grief for people who use computers for a living . Expression Web is different from FrontPage 2003 in many ways . Expect a two week education curve in order to use EW . I 've heard of problems with Expression Web and XP as well . Microsoft is getting a rather bad reputation that will lead people to buy elsewhere ...
 I tried it . Found that many of the features I relied on with Frontpage were gone . The style gallery was stripped bare , Webbots had vanished -LRB- hit counters , etc. -RRB- and everything relied on non-existent style sheets . That 's probably great for the geeks who do their taxes in hex but I was looking for drag and drop simplicity ... I did n't find it with the replacement for Frontpage.In general , I prefer to use Microsoft products . In this case , I was forced to switch to Dreamweaver 8 . Sorry , Bill , your folks missed the target with this one .
 I hate to be critical but I have been building with FrontPage 2002 for several years . It has a variety of templates and features but I thought it was time for an upgrade.I am thankful that the original FrontPage is still running on my laptop or I do n't think my latest sites would be up yet . It may be like other programs that you can obtain training or take a class to do the things that FrontPages just does automatically . I 'm sure it is fine as a stand alone creator software but to call it an upgrade seems a little misleading .
 Another Microsoft Disappointment . After using this program exclusively for the past 8 or 9 months I 've gone back to the previous version , Microsoft Front Page 2003 . I love the fact that Expression Web allows one to work on CSS within the program . The split screen is a real plus , allowing the user to view both the design view and code view at once.Expression Web does not publish properly and never has ... publishing errors are the norm.Expression Web does not handle included pages properly , and this is a critical area for most Microsoft Front Page users ; the user must use an add-on program to handle included pages now.It is difficult , at best , to locate things that were used constantly in previous versions of Front Page.Even after numerous updates , Expression Web still seems to be unstable , which is typical of Microsoft products in general . There are so many fixes to download for all Microsoft products one must wonder how they came to be available to the public in the first place .
 There is no support on this product unless you want to pay for . it . I installed it on my pc and a few days later it would not print . There is nothing for you to click on and make changes . I do not remember setting up the username and password but now it wants one and will not let me reset or anything . When you are unable to call someone for help it makes the software next to worthless . Do n't buy it . I have used Versa Check for years prior to this . There is no comparison .
 One-Write Plus 8.0 Is a grand dissappointment . Now that I have bought the high priced program I have to buy an extra add on to be able to do my payroll . I feel like i need to be an accounting wiz to get this program .
 This package was recommended to me by my accountant . Of course , for an accountant , it might be a good program . I am not an accountant , and have no desire to learn . After installing the program and entering a sale and payment , the money still did not show up in my bank account on the register . No way I 'm spending half a day to figure it out ... back it comes for a refund .
 I live in a country outside the United States , where we only use bank issued checks . We do not buy check forms and print customize checks ourselves . One-Write Plus has pre-determined check printing format or template and does not allow you to adjust print location of date , amount , and payee name , on the check . I wasted my money on OWP!In addition to that , Peachtree Customer Service is as lousy as it can get . I 'm asking for a refund .
 This SAT guide was difficult to use and had mainly games that were good but not much for prep . Maybe I just did n't figure out how to use it . I would n't buy or recommend this product .
 If I could have rated it a negative star , I would have . I had problems from the start with this program . When I contacted their technical support I got no help and they finally just blew me off . I would n't own anything else from Individual Software even if I was paid to . What a crappy experience .
 PLEASE ... save yourself the headache ! Read version7 reviews and decide for yourself if you really have the time to deal with such a program or company.I 've sent Individual all the links about their customers ' experience . I do n't think it will do any good but I think they should know the percentage of people writing negative reviews on their products.My next site to `` update '' will be Cnet and Consumer Reports -LRB- if they have a section for something like this -RRB- . Avoid this program at all costs . I will update you all if they EVER reply to my e-mail . However , I will not hold my breath .
 I have never used any software that was worse than this . It plain does not work . It is junk .
 I also use Punch Pro and all I wanted was a basic package to sketch simple floor plans . Total 3D ca n't even do that . You ca n't choose the direction of a staircase . As another reviewer said , this software package is a rip off !!!! DO NOT BUY IT .
 In over 20 years of computing I have never worked with a worse piece of software . Downloading updated forms was nearly impossible - took four hours , with multiple freezes and re-boots , to finally get just two simple forms . In one quarter of that time I did my whole business return by hand . Never again . Never again .
 I 've been using Tax Cut for years and this year I had bought a business . The business program does NOT import in your Quickbooks data into the program . I have to key everything in and figure out what goes where . The business side is not as developed as the personal side . It looks like a different company created it and H&R Block just put the two different programs in the same box .
 This is the second year I have used TaxCut for both my personal and small business returns . I switched from TurboTax when they started using their copy protection stuff that seemed to give every user a nightmare . Well , all I can say is , there must be two totally different software development teams working on TaxCut programs , because , while TaxCut personal is a fine program , TaxCut for business is ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE!Where do I start ? First , it can not even import data from files the 2003 version created . When I tried , it hung every time , eventually forcing me to re-install the entire software package . The error log it generated showed dozens of import errors . Apparently they changed number formats -LRB- floating point etc. -RRB- and the 2004 version ca n't handle it . The error log also says to contact the development team but gives no way to do that . And yes , I did update the program from the web before I started.Ok , so now I 'm entering everything by hand . Like Turbo Tax , it has an interview feature , but unlike TurboTax , the interview interface is dreadfully inconsistent . Sometimes you enter info in the interview feature and hit return on your keyboard and the cursor moves to the next field , and sometimes it moves the cursor to the form ! Sometimes you can enter data in interview format , sometimes you have to enter it onto the form itself . Were the programmers simply too lazy to write that feature for each page ? There is simply no logical reason to make me bounce back and forth between methods!Next , as expected , the interview has many questions where you answer yes or no if you are elegible or required to fill out certain info . However , even if you answer NO , it still takes you to those pages ! Oh but of course , that only happens sometimes , other times it DOES skip the pages!I also purchased the state business componenet for TaxCut . Despite reporting that it loaded successfully , TaxCut professional did n't seem to know the state version was there ! Of course , it was more than happy to display -LRB- right next to the `` help '' button -RRB- a link to BUY the state version!Oh but wait , if you exit the interview mode , and click on `` go '' , -LRB- not the logical tab in my opinion , which would be `` FORMS '' -RRB- , you see a list -LRB- under `` my forms '' -RRB- of all your forms , and golly , if the state forms are n't there ! Of course , you can also add forms to your return under the forms tab . Careful , as you poke around trying to find the form you thought you added to your return , you may add the form again from the `` forms '' tab . The program , instead of taking you to the form you added , will instead add another copy of the same form , which you can later NOT delete from your return . I know there may be circumstances where you DO want a second copy of the form , but mostly you do n't . Would it be too much for the `` forms '' section to ask if you want a new copy or to go to the one you already added?Now , you 'd expect , since the main program does n't appear to know the state forms are there -LRB- or maybe it does ?!?! -RRB- you would have to enter data into the state forms by hand , but it 's not that simple ! SOME forms have SOME data automatically transferred in them , SOME forms have NONE!And what if you need help ? The help link has a simple FAQ that has a very minimal few lines then refers you to the IRS instructions . Well if the IRS instructions made any sense , I would n't be using a help section of a tax program . Especially one written by TAX EXPERTS!I could go on and on , but since I 've just spent an ENTIRE DAY doing these taxes , I 'm burned out . FYI , I run a SIMPLE small business , I ca n't imagine what kind of nightmare this would be for a business with inventory , and employees etc.Please , please , please , stay as far away from this program as possible . I 'm saying this for your own good.I would give this 0 stars if Amazon would let me .
 This is probably the worst tax software I have every purchased . I 've been using TurboTax and TaxCut for years and this year I have had nothing but problems from the state program and the Federal.For one , there are `` fixes '' that wo n't download . Everytime I do , the program crashes during installation.It DID NOT import last year 's returns saying that I did n't use the most recent version of TurboTax to do my return last year -LRB- which is NOT true ! -RRB- . This should have been my first signal that this software is useless.It WILL NOT UPDATE . Since I was using the product TODAY -LRB- Feb 16 -RRB- that is well past their update of Jan 27 . Another thing
 It 's funny , I 'm actually a CPA who specializes in tax compliance . I usually use Lacerte software from Intuit , but I moved and had to finish my partnership at home . I bought TaxCut , and I figured that it would be fine since I 'm familiar with taxes . I was wrong , it was full of problems , very difficult to navigate your way around . The partners capital did n't generate to the K-1 's correctly . I finally got it all worked out , but it was a pain , especially for an easy partnership . Anyway , I 'll be going to TurboTax for everything next year . They have always been better to me .
 When I installed and ran this software , I was told the `` Interview was missing '' for my 1120S . That 's nice . It immediately reminded me of when I installed Doom 3 and was told `` 3D Rendering Engine Missing , '' or when I bought Microsoft Word and got the message `` Fonts and Printer Drivers Missing . `` I did what Tax Cut told me to do to connect and update my forms and the stupid thing kept hanging at 4 % of download . Maybe they were having server trouble , but I 'm not a patient man , especially when I have all my forms and files laid out and I 'm ready to do my taxes NOW.So I went and got TurboTax . The difference was night and day . TurboTax is a well-designed , highly polished and refined product . It updated to the current version with no problems . By contrast , from the moment that first install dialog popped up , Tax Cut for business reeked of shoddiness , as if it were rushed out the door . -LRB- Even the dialog boxes looked unprofessional and strangely misaligned . -RRB- I used Tax Cut in 2002 and 2003 but after this experience I never will again . Maybe the guts -- the tax code itself -- are a bit more robust than TurboTax , but if I ca n't get the thing to work at all then what difference does it make ? The finer points of deductions are not a great concern to me . If they were , I 'd have an accountant . Come tax time , I just want a program that works . TurboTax worked . Tax Cut did n't .
 If you take IRA withdraws and have a pension just stay away from this program . If you already have it and ca n't get hold of tech support , email me and I 'll tell you the work around they came up with . The sad thing is we could not have been the first to encounter this , -LRB- the tech people acted like it -RRB- , so who knows how many retired people overpaid .
 This program is as convoluted and confusing compared to Turbo Tax Business ease of use . Turbo Tax costs more but is well worth the difference . I will never use Tax Cut again !
 Last year , a bug in TaxCut caused by W2 to be entered twice in an e-filed return . Instead of getting a healthy refund , the IRS thought I owed them several thousand dollars in back taxes , penalty , and interest . Speaking of interest , HR Block showed NO interest in helping me with the problem that their bugware caused . It took me several months , several nasty letters from the IRS , and a long stream additional forms -LRB- not supported by TaxCut -RRB- to get the TaxCut problems straightened out.I 'm giving this product one star only because I ca n't give it zero . I heartily advise you to do whatever you need to do to avoid this product and this company . Use TurboTax , calculate by hand , or hire a CPA , but do NOT trust TaxCut .
 Sirs , I bought TaxCut Standard on January 17 and found that it does not allow me to progress past `` do you want to download updates now ? '' -LRB- That is bad because the existing software is said to be of November vintage . -RRB- When I try to download I am told that I do not have an internet connection . -LRB- I did . -RRB- So I took the software back and asked for a refund . BestBuy agreed that the software is useless as is . -LSB- ... -RSB- No value to me . No software update . No refund . BestBuy -LRB- Atlanta , Perimeter Center -RRB- agreed that to continue to sell that product would only harm the good reputation of BestBuy.One star seems generous to me.CECoffey
 Cybersitter is an absolute disaster . The tech support is non-existent , online web pages are inadequate.But the real story is that the product does not install properly , nor does it uninstall itself like it was supposed to.I had to manually remove the product myself by deleting files and removing registry keys .
 Terrible interface , annoying as heck , woefully inadequate customization over what it does , apparently impossible to completely uninstall . Avoid .
 I stopped using this program cause it kept screwing up my windows XP computer -LRB- according to microsoft -RRB- . It would cause Internet Explorer to shut down continually - over and over . I did n't have any better luck with firefox.I guess that is how they keep your kids off dangerous sites - by making browsers shut down continually !
 Cybersitter appears to be poorly written . The only way we could get this program to allow child access to sites was to disable it altogether . Time restrictions did not work . It gives no messages to say that sights have been blocked.Cybersitter support helpdesk was at least accessible but they could not provide any useful help . No wonder , I work in IT and would be ashamed to support rubbish like this . Do a search on google for people unhappy with Cybersitter they 're are plentyI uninstalled the program and on reboot it killed Windows , boot up system files were missingBeware ...
 If I could , I would give this item `` 0 '' stars . I was not even able to load it on my computer , and the vendor would not give me a refund . They stated that `` downloadable '' items can not be refunded . Buyer beware ! Technical support was absolutely NO help.I ended up downloading Net Nanny from the Contentwatch website , and it works great.DO NOT BUY CYBERSITTER !
 I bought one and installed it on my kid 's windows XP , but my kid can easily disable it even just with his ordinary `` User '' account/privilege . I am an IT professional , but I can not believe this product is so vulnerable ! It shows one file is not accessible once got disabled by my kid . Now I am looking for other and better parental control s/w .
 does n't block any foreign language sites -LRB- languages other than english -RRB- . kids can easily figure this out , then you have no blocker at all .
 DO N'T BUY CYBERSITTER SOFTWARE UNLESS YOU WANT HEADACHES . I recently downloaded the Cybersitter 11 demo version . After it prevented me from getting to the evil -LRB- LOL -RRB- Honda Motorcycle homepage , I understood that the software was not ready for prime-time and I then attempted to uninstall Cybersitter 11 using their prescribed uninstall method . At first glance the uninstall seemed to have completed properly . Cycbersitter 11 folders and icons had been deleted . However , there remained and remains one big problem . Namely , Cybersitter 11 is still running on my PC -LRB- after the uninstall -RRB- as evidenced by cybersitter windows popping up preventing me from seeing innocuous pages . I 've emailed Cybersitter support numerous times but they 've not offered any real solution to cleansing my PC of their software . Bottom line
 Last year , a bug in TaxCut caused by W2 to be entered twice in an e-filed return . Instead of getting a healthy refund , the IRS thought I owed them several thousand dollars in back taxes , penalty , and interest . Speaking of interest , HR Block showed NO interest in helping me with the problem that their bugware caused . It took me several months , several nasty letters from the IRS , and a long stream additional forms -LRB- not supported by TaxCut -RRB- to get the TaxCut problems straightened out.I 'm giving this product one star only because I ca n't give it zero . I heartily advise you to do whatever you need to do to avoid this product and this company . Use TurboTax , calculate by hand , or hire a CPA , but do NOT trust TaxCut .
 I wrote a nice long review but as it happens my computer shut down before the review was submitted . However , I 'm going to do it again here because I do n't want you to waste your time like I wasted mine on this software this year , my first year doing my own taxes.My main beefs -- Rebate process was probably more annoying than if I had read the IRS detailed tax instructions . - DeductionPro is useless ; did n't even install it since I just took the standard deduction they give you instead of itemizing . - Videos are annoying ; you ca n't fast forward or rewind . I also felt like I was being talked down to or needlessly being sold on the software I had already purchased -LRB- `` alternative minimum tax is way complicated , but do n't worry , we 'll help you out ! '' -RRB- - Useless questions that could be automated away . For example , why do I need to tell the software what 1040 form I want to use ? Is n't that the point of the software ? - Lack of question explanation in the text . For example , how am I supposed to figure out if I have Hope or lifetime learning or deduction credit ? If I wanted to look at detailed documentation or find an online reference , I would n't have bought the software . - Ads of the H&R ; Block tax advisor service and all the other extra junk they try to sell you . Ask yourself , what 's their incentive for making the questions and question flow clear if their intention is to sell you on the extras if you 're confused.And the straw that broke the camel 's back and led me to another online service -LRB- free and better ! -RRB- -- Huge bug where it deducted my Roth IRA contribution . I did n't know much about the tax system but one of the things I did know is that Roth IRA contributions are not tax deductible . I considered filing an official complaint against the software , but am sick of dealing with it so this review will have to do.About the only thing that did n't make the software completely worthless was that I did my state tax return with it . The online service I used for federal did n't have the part-year resident form I needed for my state . Even then I made sure to double check the numbers it spewed out since I had lost trust in the software 's accuracy.I had thought that the H&R ; Block name would 've been an advantage in accuracy , etc. . But really , I feel like the software 's existence is to make people migrate toward their brick-and-mortar professionals . Also , it 's no wonder the software has bugs if the IRS forms themselves were not yet finalized when the software was released -LRB- an online update of the software is required -RRB- . Although , to be fair , the accuracy problems I entered both upped my refund ; at the risk of getting audited!Bottom Line : If you 're really lazy -- pay a tax professional or bribe a knowledgeable friend.If you 're medium lazy -- go with an online service or the other popular software packageIf you 're willing to spend time learning about taxes -LRB- for future benefit e.g. to optimize refunds , catch software mistakes -RRB- -- go directly to the IRS instructions and consider doing double checking and e-filing with an online service .
 This is the second time I 've tried KTC and the second time I 've been disappointed . I 'm a loyal Turbo Tax user who believed the box of this product when it said `` seamless transfer from last year 's Turbo Tax . '' Did n't happen like that.Did not transfer as advertised ; the screens look like they 're out of an old DOS program ; the navigator is much better in Turbo Tax ; there is no bar on the videos to tell you how much longer you have to endure it ; and it would n't recognize Dept of Defense as an employer for W-2 download.These are just a few of the reasons I 'm taking advantage of the 60 day money back guarantee . I guess that 's what i get for trying to save a buck.Better luck next year Kiplinger 's Tax Cut .
 My mother worked for H&R ; Block for many years , so I have no personal problem with them.I have not used the 2004 , but I just quit working on the 2002 edition . I got halfway through my return -LRB- 20 hours work -RRB- and I finally quit . The numbers were incorrect , but I did not notice until the last few entries.I have rental properties and , even though I entered the information where it belonged , it somehow got transferred elsewhere . All of my real estate taxes got moved from where they belonged to form A. Entering the information directly onto the tax forms required me to override every single step -LRB- 3 mouse clicks , I think ? -RRB- . Also , I was not able to go to help and figure out what my standard mileage cost was , so it took me considerable time to go through their mileage dialogue boxes when all I wanted was standard mileage.I had used Turbo Tax in previous years and was not unhappy with them ; however , I had heard that Turbo Tax put spyware on the computer , and that it was difficult to install on more than one computer , so I decided to opt for a change . TaxCut was cheaper , and I figured there would really be no difference -LRB- I used Parson 's tax software years ago and liked them until they stopped making that program -RRB- . Anyway , at least for year 2002 , TaxCut is much worse than Turbo Tax and Parson 's old tax program . The big problem is , it puts information in the wrong place ; and I have been doing my own taxes for 20 years , so it is not a mistake which I am making.I downloaded TaxAct just a moment ago ; it is cheaper than either turbo tax or taxcut , and so far , it behaves just like it is supposed to . I have been entering some info by their prompts and other info directingly onto the tax forms , and , except for the fact that the auto-save requires me to hit the hardreturn every time , other than that , I really like TaxAct . It is functioning exactly how it is supposed to . Furthermore , I have entered in a couple of properties and printed it out , and everything is going where it belongs .
 This software disappointed on several straightforward tasks :1 . The Employee Stock Option interview is terrible
 I purchased the Premium version of TaxCut for $ 39.99 , and I would not employ the term satisfactory , let alone Premium , -LRB- and I 'm a Software Engineer -RRB- . One ca n't imagine what `` Premium '' features could possibly be missing from a `` Deluxe '' or `` Basic '' version , and still provide you with an accurate tax return.I 've typically filed my taxes with H&R ; Block 's incredibly user friendly online service , but I saw this while in line at Best Buy -LRB- kudos to whomever strategically placed those TaxCut kiosks -RRB- and thought it might more thoroughly assist with deductions and credits available to homeowners . Unfortunately , to get into detailed deductions you need to purchase the H&R ; Block TaxCut Deduction Pro for another $ 19.99 . Doubly unfortunate is the software 's uselessness . Deduction Pro 's only functions are a -RRB- a spreadsheet where one might track contributions made to charity -LRB- a service a pen and piece of paper could perform equally as well -RRB- ; and , b -RRB- to find out what the exact tax value is of those sneakers you donated to the Salvation Army or those magazines you donated to the library . What most people do not realize is that you need to contribute several thousand dollars to charity or have several thousand dollars in medical expenses before these are tax deductible , and people who fall into these categories more often than not are having their taxes prepared by an accountant . For the rest of use , Deduction `` Pro '' will advise you to take the Standard Deduction , rendering the program a waste of time and money.TaxCut `` Premium '' does not include state tax software either -- you need to purchase TaxCut State separately for $ 24.99 . Because I work in New York and live in Connecticut , I needed to file state taxes in both states . Unfortunately , the $ 24.99 only affords you access to one state of your choosing . People like myself need to pay another $ 24.99 for the second state -LRB- and second TaxCut State purchase is not rebatable -RRB- . Then of course , there is the convenience of E-filing , for which TaxCut charges $ 15.95
 I have used this product frequently . This is the first time -LRB- and the last time because we will not order it again -RRB- WE HAVE USED PREMIUM.For a simple return it is great!This product is TAX CUT PREMIUM!It has all the bells and whistles according to the desriptions - Right ! If you have a more complicated return ... :1 . The software may not directly support input with their tax information . The info is canned and pasteurised for Mr. Joe or Jolene average . But you have assistance ! 2 . The $ 9.95 help claims that anything not on their interveiw is `` TAX ADVICE '' ! . . KACHING ... GO TO TAX ADVISOR FOR TWENTY FIVE BUCKS . !! YOU HAVE A COUPON TO BOOT .3 . Tax Advisor ?? Spend half a day awaiting a callback on three occasions and receive the same answer three times ; `` unable to contact client . Try again.OK H&R ; block is in the tax prep business ... now do you get the picture ?
 Bluray conversion quality is poor & blury and looks nothing like raw HDV footage . At first i thought it was my high definition canon camcorder but after using cyberlinks Power Producer software and LG blueray burner I noticed a hugh diffrence in picture quality and time taken to convert files . Ulead takes approx 6 hrs to convert 1 hr of HDV files to bluray wheras cyberlink 's power producer takes approx 15 minutes and the video is crisp and clear .
 I upgraded from ULead 's VideoStudio 8.0 to 11 Plus . The installation did n't work as directed and their helpline was not helpful . They blamed it on the camera driver not being one they supported even though it is a relatively new Sony camcorder . So I 'm back to using my old 8.0 for capturing video -LRB- or one of the many programs that came on my PC -RRB- and 11 Plus for editing . Not exactly ideal .
 This is why1 - It took my widescreen and made it a small screen . Even though I had the settings on widescreen2 - It likes to lock up .3 - Setting up the menus for the final DVD is a MAJOR PAIN4 - There is no Save button while you are at the end and making up the menu . So I got there several times and something locked up and I had to spend another hour trying to fix it.Spend your money somewhere else !
 Bottom line for all people who want to edit , copy , or create movies with your computer
 Pros
 I bought this product right after it came out . If I had to do it all over again , I would have gone with another product . Its slow , its clunky , its tempermental and it tends to crash on my XP machine -LRB- which exceeds all the tech specs for this product -RRB- . My disappointment started with the lack of support . Nowhere , after several sessions and too many hours , was I able to find out specifically what the trouble was and what the fix was . My troubles started with an update that went wrong and it has never functionned properly since then . The forums for this product are also not very helpful and queries went unanswered - not surprising as the forums are usually pretty quiet for this product , which is not a good sign . Today , it was unloaded from the system and I will not be buying again .
 Purchased a few months ago and installed on my vista machine . It works most of the time but I have had numerous / recreateable app crashes with this software . Additionally , the video complile is extremely slow . * Takes about 30 minutes to turn a 20 minute video in to a MPEG2 . Much longer for a MPEG4 . * App crashes way too often . One example
 Almost $ 100 for software and two hours into creating a video I get an Unexpected error and the project is deleted . I have emailed Corel/Ulead tech support and nothing . Absolutely no response . What a waste of money . I installed the software on two computers and the exact , same issue on both computers .
 I am pleased to inform readers that Corel just came out with an update to the program that actually addressed many of the issues on which I was working with their Customer Support team . It is a significant improvement . It is still unfortunate that the customer support team could not inform me of these upcomming fixes and wasted many hours of my time while I tried to inform them of what I was experiencing . Had they told me of the planned update , I would not have written the below bad review . As things stand , the program is much better for me now , but if you buy this , I hope you do n't have any issues , because I would hate for you to use the customer support team that I dealt with . ========== This program is horrible . The user interface is terrible . On the surface it looks OK , but you have to mannually remember many steps that require converting to special formats , selecting just the right obscure settings , etc. in order to make it work . As an owner struggling with this product I do n't reccomend it at all . The customer support is poor with some attempt to help , but never actually providing any help . They have a good system for entering issues , but the replies reflect that the questions are not carefully read.This program does not crash , but takes forever to do simple tasks and provides no feedback , so it looks like it has crashed . Come back an hour later and you are able to see the % completed has moved one percent.Do not buy this . I 'd love to hear about better programs than this via this review system.Thank you .
 Sorry . Was n't impressed . Bought this item based on reviews . Never again . Should have stayed with what I used before . Studio by Pinnacle .
 currently , i am using a free trial of the software ; therefore , i dont get a a help option . however , i am having trouble coverting or saving imported videos to mpeg-4 or avi that is uploadable to youtube . I need help .
 After reading all of the reviews and purchasing a Canon HG10 camcorder I purchased this product to make a college sports highlight film for my son . The computer I am using has Vista Ultimate and 2 gigs ram . After over 100 hours invested , the film was a flop . The high def film imported into this product had pixilation , and when the moment came to cut the DVD the software froze . The product also would not read film clips on an existing DVD.I browsed through all of the online help , but my problem was not mentioned . After working hard to find out how to contact Corel , I finally found buried on their web site a phone number . Corel permits one call , and the result was some emails on how to fix the problem emailed to me . I applied the fixes as directed and nothing helped . To me , support is the most valuable thing a vendor has to offer . Poor support means poor product . End of story .
 Do n't buy this product if you plan to create AVCHD disks to play on Blu-Ray players.I bought this product specifically to genereate AVCHD DVD 's from my HD camcorder . The AVCHD disks are supposed to play on Blu-Ray disk players . They do not play on my Samsung BD-P1400 . Their telephone tech support informed me that there was nothing that could be done to make it work . The AVCHD disks produced by Pannasonic and by Pinnacle play just fine on my player .
 have spent hours trying to load ulead plus on my computer but because I had a ulead product on my computer prior , I have not been able ot load it . Same old message keeps coming back that I have already loaded it . Ulead people tried to help with a long detailed list of things to do to clean out any remnants of prior ulead but it has not worked . really frustrating . Be careful about buying ulead if you have had a earlier version . i have learned the hard way . Ted in Carolina
 If I could give this program 0 stars , I would have . -LRB- Amazon , are you listening ? -RRB- The program does not correctly run under Windows XP even though it claims compatibility ; it will only run as the -LRB- administrator -RRB- account that installed it . Even Microsoft states that you should not run ordinary applications as an administrator , so I did not test the program any further . Cosmi support was unable to provide a solution to this . Worse , I discovered after the fact that it bundles the Alset HelpExpress adware package , which is installed silently along with PrintPerfect , proceeds to try downloading additional components without any notification , and which is not removed when you uninstall PrintPerfect ! I.e. the adware is left on your computer . I confirmed this by examining the install package on the CD , and HelpExpress is in there . Very Very Bad .
 Luckily for me I bought this product as a `` buy one get one free '' because not only does the DVD not work -LRB- the graphics wo n't load and after all , that 's the whole escense of the DVD -RRB- , the customer service is non-existant . I emailed Cosmi , the maker of the software , and received a quick automated response that assigned me a case number but I never received any further response even after emailing them a second time.I know better now to look closely at the maker of the software because I purchased several other Cosmi software DVDs before and they either did not run at all , did not work well , or consisted of graphics and display so poor it looks like a 5 year old in the 1980s designed it . Beware this company !!!
 I bought this package at a retailer for $ 9.99 . Attempting to install , I found that the installation instructions on the package do not indicate that the user should note an ID code on the disk before inserting it , and once the disk is in the drive you ca n't access it , So When the Installation software asked for an ID , I looked all over the packaging for the ID and could n't find any . As a result I had to abort installation and take out the disk , where I finally found the ID . Then the ID would not work after repeated tries , and tech help had to send me an alternate , which finally worked . On the positive side , tech help responded promptly.However Office Suite did not adequately convert my MS Word 2003 filebut created irremediable distortions . I bought the suite to convert this file to PDF . I looked up PDF in their help index and found only a reference to exporting an image to PDF . I looked in the file menu and found that in fact you can export text files to PDF . But since the file conversion from MS Word is faulty in the first place , I could not go ahead with the PDF export.Since the program wo n't convert Word files adequately and therefore I ca n't use the pdf export feature , this software is of no use to me . Of course I could have re-entered the entire Word file into the Office Suite word processor , but given the other problems I suspect the PDF conversion is probably primitive as well . This is a potentially good product at a very reasonable price , but it needs to go back to the drawing board before being released again .
 All it did is mess up my files . I ca n't open WordPerfect files anymore and this software does n't accurately open all Word files . Do n't waste your money .
 Do n't bother with this if you can afford to buy a used edition of the real thing .
 WAS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED . I THOUGHT IT WOULD HAVE A TOOL ON IT SIMILAR TO OUTLOOK . I HAD NO USE FOR IT .
 I purchased Stopzilla in 2006 and when MS IE7 hit the market , the software would not work . I un-installed it and let them know via phone that I had stop using the software . They still billed my credit card for the renewal price each year . I missed it in 2007 but caught it in 2008 . I called them and credited my card for the $ 39.95 charged in 2008 but refused to give me credit in 2007 stating that they had no record of my cancellation . There are better products on the market -- Do n't Buy !!!!
 At first , I thought Stopzilla was great
 With so many Credit thefts nowadays , I pay more attension to the details of my credit card bills lately . Today , there is a mysterious charge of 39.95 on my bill from STOPZILLA 877-877-9944 FL.I did purchases a copy of their software 3 years ago with full payment without anyextended terms -LRB- retrieved and reviewed my 3 years old purchase receipts -RRB- . When I call the company to ask why they charge me again , they answered they are extending my licenses to a life time , and pointing me to a corner of their homepage as of today . I said I never got these type of agreement when I purchased the software , and never want to deal with a company act like a theft.Users , be aware -- there are so many reputable softwares on the market , you do n'twant invite a credit card theft to clean up your PC .
 I detected a virus/trojan ... not Stopzilla . When I contacted their support they took control of my PC on-line and looked at this and that then pronounced that Stopzilla was working fine but I must have a virus/trojan already on board . They then proceeded to offer to fix for $ 209 ; used scare tactics ; must fix NOW ; must have a ` certified MS technician ' . They even have a ` closer ' come on line to press for immediate purchse of support . I felt like I was being mugged.I complained to Stopzilla about the tech support tactics . They never apologized or contacted me ; they just cancelled my license and refunded my $ 39.99 . They know what is going on ! Do n't fall for their cheap price because the technical support is only an add-on sales tactic for someone in India or Pakistan .
 I installed Stopzilla after reading a review that said it was free and downloading it from their website which said it was free . After reporting that it found some Trojans , the program said I had to upgrade for $ 9.95 to fix them . I did this , but my credit card was charged $ 39.95 . I called Stopzilla about the overcharge and they said they would issue a $ 30 refund . The refund never showed up.They also automatically signed me up for their `` customer protection '' program which will charge me $ 39.95 every year . I had to call to cancel that .
 A few days ago I got a virus called system tool After asking around about norten macafee etc. I was told these only prevent viruses not get rid of them once I have one . I went on line typed `` remove systemtool '' in and up poped stopzilla they scaned my pc , found 49 bad things and for $ 19.95 would cure it all . I sent the 19.95 credit by card and got an authorization key which did not work , but there was a number to call in this event . After calling it I was told they needed to get into my pc to see what all was wrong , then thery told me for $ 199.95 thet could make my pc like new again.I said I wanted my 19,95 back because they were just lowlife ripoffs.I also addeca few choice words you wont here in church . The guy hung up . . Be ware this is these peoples way of getting our money . . Hwe was also very rude from the start , when I asked questions he kept on talking like there was a time delay . . Anyway I here with a junk pc still /
 Warning . When you activate this product they will automatically take money from your credit card every year . In fact they take it at 11 months and not 12 . Not giving you the option of cancelling first . And when you ry to log into your coconut to cancel the payments you ca n't get the portal to accept your credentials . . Also the product is nt that good and slowed down my pc so much I took it off . Lon grime ago .
 Horrible product , does little or nothing that freeware ca n't do for you . Total CPU hog , slowed my computer to a crawl . Removed it one week after install .
 Trying to bail daughter 's laptop out of a rouge spyware infection I stumbled across Stopzilla . Big mistake . Purchase key was invalid only to give you the opportunity to speak to a `` technician '' , who after examining system remotely identifies registry damage and offers to do a discount cleanse of $ 209 which is much cheaper . Screw them.Their scan did n't discover the trojan that infected the system and now I will be on look out for auto renewals , overcharges on card , etc.Serious waste of time .
 StopZilla uses deceptive advertising and billing practices , offers non-existent rebates and resubscribes you without your permission . The malware it detects and purports to delete is fabricated . It is seldom effective in deleting true malware that is causing your problems . When you contact their tech support at iYogi they will charge you for any time spent assisting you , authorized or not , when in fact they keep you on the phone for hours and accomplish nothing . Stopzilla had the nerve to send me a copy of their invoice for my bogus subscription `` renewal '' which was absolutely fraudulent . They intended to use it to justify Visa charges , so put nothing past them and trust nothing they say . Once they have your credit card number , they start fabricating charges . I urge all victims to file complaints with the Florida Better Business Bureau and the Federal Trade Commission . These processes are not complicated . Once I did that I received assurances from Stopzilla that they would cancel the charges , so it may be the only thing they will respond to . The jury is still out on that promise .
 I bought and installed this program a year ago . When I realized it was actually spyware I uninstalled it . It was not easy to do this as the uninstall program does not work . I did not ask for my money back as I should have . I just figured shame on me for not doing my research . Today I looked at my credit card bill and found that stopzilla had automatically charged me 39.95 for a renewal . I NEVER authorized this . I called my credit card company and they are removing the charge.I have now spent some time researching this and found that I 'm not the only one to have this happen to . Please believe me this is spyware !! Getting it off your pc will cost you if you do n't know how to hack the registry , kill processes and delete the correct . dll files .
 I downloaded and installed the trail-version of this product ... first it will not remove any-thing unless you buy ... then I went online to read about it -- CNET / download . com -- wooowww . bad reputation . It was really not easy to remove it from my computer and it made my computer very slow . do n't it . stay away . I ca n't believe I actualy installed this peace of junk into my computer .
 I just bought the Stopzilla security software . -LRB- A -RRB- It does not block Pop-Ups . -LRB- B -RRB- Now I can not even open my AOL e-mail . I will probably have to format the hard-drive and re-install everything.This is Garbage , and I expect the other two security programs they sold me is just as destructive to my computer operations . .
 Free version is so bad it should be illegal.Pay version is pretty much completely mediocre . I could literally name 10 COMPLETELY free programs that are leaps and bounds better than this program , and probably 100 that cost around the same price . I would n't pay $ 1 for this program again in the future.AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID ! I can not say it enough !
 I bought a lifetime stopzilla warrentee that for some reason keeps expiring over and over again . When I call they tell me that I need to give them 199 dollars to fix my computer problems . when I tell them I do not have computer problems I have computer spyware problems they become rude and forceful insisting I need to buy their expensive product . When I become firm with them they give me a new code so I can update the spyware product again . But six months later it expires again and they take up a lot of my time trying to sell me something I dont need again . And the cycle contines ...
 I purchased stopzilla over a year ago and the product did not work . I was sent overseas for help and they ended up removing several folders and programs from my computer that could never be relocated . I attempted to use the program a short time later and never could get it to work without corrupting or freezing up my computer . I removed the product as much as I could and tried to forget about it . A year later I was automatically billed for renewal . I disputed this charge with Discover since I had never seen the name iS3 ; I thought this was an error or fraudulent Charge . Discover researched it and was provided an email that was sent to me from iS3 that I dismissed thinking it was just another spam email.I called stopzilla who now answered the phone iS3 and there was no understanding at all . There was no attempt to reverse the charges settle the charges or anything . I asked for the compliance department and there was none . I asked for the manager 's name and there was only one and the person on the phone would not provide any last names . He stated they do not use or provide last names at their company . I accused the company as being a fly by night establishment with the change of business names and no use of employee 's last names , -LRB- which means they are not even their real first names -RRB- . I again contacted Discover preparing to cancel my card . Discover stated that there was nothing they could do and that they could not get the funds back from iS3 . However , Discover credited my account 1/2 the charges , which I do n't think they needed to do and they were going to log the business name with their business relations department . Good job Discover , horrible business practice by Stopzilla/iS3 or whoever they might be today . Much better products out there , do your research , I did n't before hand and shame on me .
 This company are the worst worst ever . Even though you cancel the package , every year they take money from you . Please avoid them .
 I regret not checking the online reviews before buying this - I had to make a claim thfough paypal to get my money back . Stay away from this company
 I bought this program because of the rebate they advertised -LRB- 30 dollars back on 39 item -RRB- . I sent it in over 6 months ago , still nothing heard . I kind of gave up on it , let it go as just a bad program , but then there was a FIFTY dollar charge from them today . I am in the Navy and have been at sea , not even used my laptop , for at least 4 months yet I guess I accepted some renewal thing . They do not give straight answers , and most definitely not your money back . I do n't know how people can work for these companies and lie to people on a daily basis and still feel alright about themselves.DO NOT buy this product !!!
 it dose not work . . DeadStopzilla reps and tech support on the phone is rude / . they have there demands . DEMANDS for me to do what they want or else.I answered by saying are your people paying for my computer ???? HA ? > ???? are you paying for my taxes ????? HA?are you paying for my pay role ??????????????????? I paid for this fake product so shut the hell up and so I am am telling you ! my email is fruad ?? who the hell you think you are ??? then I hang up . I respond like this to any one that is rude to tax paying customersits just as bad as Norton . just as dead . oh Norton dose not kill virus . instead delete folders and files when it is not allowed to do . then windows dose not boot up.Stopzilla faked it that kills instaltlionNorton kills installtionearer one dose not work
 This product looks like a new and updated version of Webster 's Unabridged Dictionary . The CD label even has a copywrite date of 2004 , and the Amazon available on date is also 2004 . But the software is very old and outdated . It generally works with XP -LRB- except for the talking aspect -RRB- but does not have a good interface at all . Furthermore , when I looked at the last modified date on the CD itself , it said September of 1999 . Basically the publisher made new boxes and labels for their old software and is still trying to sell it . If you do n't mind old software this program is cheap and fairly comprehensive . Otherwise , look for another product .
 Essentially once TomTom has your money they 're finished with you ... until you want to spend more money with them.The product is okay . The map data is from TeleAtlas , a vendor to many of the map software producers . What makes TomTom different is its GUI -LRB- Graphic User Interface -RRB- that the user interacts with . It really is a work of art most of the time . The map presentations are rich and may be viewed as 3D or 2D . The planning interface is icon driven and easy-to-use . Unfortunately TomTom really did n't think it all the way through.There are several irritants , all of which vie for first place . One is that TomTom does n't give you the option of using its maps without a GPS . There are many instances where I know where I am begining from and going to and I do n't need a GPS fix . TomTom ignores such desires and annoyingly keeps prompting for you to start your Bluetooth connection . There is one mode that you can use to plan a route without a GPS and it simply does n't work very well , often informing you that TomTom ca n't route you from a point beginning on an interstate to another point further along the same highway . That 's just plain dumb . This is a mapping application . If I want to use these expensive maps for walking directions without a GPS , I should be able to . TomTom certainly does n't think so.Another irritant is the documentation . Probably in an effort to make TomTom appealing to the casual user , the documentation is dog simple ... and often wrong . It appears that they did n't update the documentation to the newest version.Although you can load maps by region , TomTom makes no allowance for travelling from one region to another . You have to calculate your route to the ending point within one region and then begin it anew in the next region . Again , this strikes me as a silly omission . If you are in Wisconsin , which is one region , and drive to Minnesota , which is in another , you have to create two routes . Not bright.There are a number of idiosyncracies , anomalies and bugs that drive me up a wall . However , overall , TomTom is still better than the competition . It computes routes quickly -LRB- when it is capable of figuring a route at all -RRB- . Annoying , however , it tends to prefer expressways , regardless of your preferences . In a major metro area laced with expressways going in all directions , this can create some incredibly convoluted - and ridiculous - routes . Creating alternative and more logical routes is possible , but tedious.The worst part of the TomTom experience is its customer support . Well , perhaps support is the wrong word for it . I encountered two problems installing the software . It was obviously that the tech support person was clueless and was simply guessing and grasping at straws . -LRB- I had resolved the issues before the rep called and already knew what the problem was . -RRB- The TomTom rep did n't listen , kept interrupting and when it was pointed out that he was contradicting the manual , he just kept moving . -LRB- The manual in at least one instance was correct and the rep wrong . -RRB- The TomTom packaging itself arrived in broken condition . The rep denied it was their packaging , claiming that I must have bought a third-party repackaged product . Talk about insulting
 The TomTom Navigator is a nice enough device , until you get to the Maps activation . The Maps activation ? Why should I have to activate my maps if I have paid for the product ? Good question , well , I activated these maps on one PDA , and within 2 weeks my PDA died and I had to obtain warranty service . Well , I decided that I would upgrade to a new device and then sell my old device when I got it back from the manufacturers -LRB- I tend to switch my PDA every 3-4 months anyway -RRB- . So I installed the maps on the new device and it asked me to activate . OK , I figure ... no problem , I will be able to activate it 1 ... 2 ... 3 because after all , only I have the activation card/code . No such luck , TomTom wants PROOF that I have brought a new device ? what kind of nonsense is that ? What if I lost my PDA in 2-3 months ? What if I 'm a nut who likes to change PDA 's every 3-4 months ? What , you mean I have to show you proof that I switched ? Is n't the fact that I have the activation card proof enough ? I do n't know too many people who pay $ 269 for a product and let other people use the activation codes.Avoid them at all costs . You will regret your purchase if you change devices frequently.One other problem with this product ... out of the box it is not 100 % compatible with Windows Mobile 5 devices -LRB- most of the new Axims are WM5 . You really have to break your back to install on these devices.Avoid .
 TomTom Software Review!Pros
 would give this company zero starts but it is not a choice . ABSOLUTELY NO CUSTOMER SUPPORT
 I have owned the TomTom Navigator 5 for almost a year now . While the program is well thought out and provides a good function , it does not work well with my Tungsten T5 . I have contacted customer service 4 times now and they have always been helpful in trying to fix my issues -LRB- listed below -RRB- , but to no avail.Some of the issues I have had : Any time the software has to redirect or think , it locks up . If I stay on the original planned route , it sometimes works properly ... In a 30 minute trip from Orange County to Long Beach , I had to pull over 7 times to reset my device after the software locked up.Voices lock up mid sentence giving a stuttering sound until you are able to pull your car over to reset the device.In a 20 minute trip from San Francisco to Oakland the device locked up 5 times . I finally gave up and called a friend to guide me.Bear in mind , I have had no problems with my T5 in the 1.5 years of ownership ... it is only with this software . Customer service has acknowledged the problems and given solutions that have solved little to nothing.In summary , it 's not worth spending the money to have to print out Mapquest directions to have when the device crashes ... stick with Mapquest .
 Customer service rep is nice , but is unable to help you . This is an old device , and worked well . But , there is no one available at Tom Tom to help you troubleshoot . All they want to do is sell you a new one . Warning
 I have tried to get this software to work on my PALM E2 but it will not perform . Contacting PALM technical support is very time consuming and has not been successful so far .
 Tomtom maps and application is not a reliable product that you can count on when you are traveling and do not have access to your PC and the disks . This is the second time that the application has stranded me and I am writing this review for others interested in purchasing this program not to get in a situation like I have , and Tomtom staff to read and fix the problem.I purchased a Tomtom with an HP PDA to travel through Europe -LRB- mostly Italy -RRB- . I installed the software and got an authentication code from the site they specified and started using the device . After about a month of use , and feeling confident that I did not need a paper map , we took a trip to Florence , following Tomtom 's direction . After about 20 minutes , the program froze . It would not even respond to a soft reset . I had to take the battery out to get windows CE up and running . After the operating system restarted , I started Tomtom program . It asked me for an activation code . Have in mind that I am in the middle of Italian countryside and not sitting in Silicon Valley . I had to call my office and they went to my office and found the original CD 's , went to the authentication site and got the activation code . I found this to be just unreasonably senseless . I appreciate copy right protection , but the people who thought of this scheme must not go out of the office much . I thought of writing a review but did not and latter forgot about it.I recently bought a cell phone/PDA that has a built in GPS . To avoid having a phone and GPS I tried installing the European map on this phone -LRB- it already had the US maps on it -RRB- . I went through the installation which took for ever and went to the website and got the activation code and tried entering it and it says that the activation code is not valid ! So , I call Tomtom support in UK from Germany . The first customer service person was very nice and gave me some advice on how to get an update . I followed the advice and it still did not work . I called the support line again , this time a Mr. Rick answered . This person needs to be assigned to a different department . He basically spent 30 minutes lecturing me on software copy protection . He then asked me to do a hard reset . I told him I did not know how to do the hard reset . He spent another 10 minutes telling me that he is not an HP specialist and that I need to contact HP for support . At this point , I realized that this person was not able to help resolve the problem and asked for escalation to a supervisor . Rick -LRB- customer service rep -RRB- said that the supervisor would not take my call because I did not do what he was telling me to do -LRB- which was not exactly true , because I asked him to help me with the reset and he would not -RRB- . I got off the phone and went to the HP site and downloaded the user 's manual and did a hard reset . This caused everything to be erased -LRB- including my addresses -RRB- , and Tomtom program to be deleted . And guess what , I call the customer service number again , and they did not know what to do . So , they asked for more time to research the problem and to call me . In about 4 hours not having heard from them , I called again , and this time they told me to download another program that would resolve the problem . I downloaded and it did not solve the problem . I got an email a couple of hours latter telling me to use the original SD card -LRB- which is back home -RRB- to resolve the problem.So , to make a long story short , this is not a reliable device and for anyone who has traveled in unknown places , it is a nightmare .
 I bought this for my son and to put it frankly ... It sucks ! This is a waste of hard-earned money . A toothbrush is much more valuable . I decided to burn it . It is not worth returning it . I feel sorry for my poor son , who had to figure out how to work this worthless peice of rotting carp I have ever had the displeasure of buying . DO NOT BUY IT !!! : -LRB-
 This toy dos n't even work ! I hate it so much ! Do not buy this ! I got this on my 7th Birthday and it dos n't even work . I hate it .
 - Hard workAll the books say home design is hard work . So why do n't they warn us about Home Design?To be fair , `` total waste of money '' is putting it a little strongly . With much cajoling , Home Design will actually produce a usable floor plan and model . But you 'll sweat buckets if you want more than the simplest of floor plans . Bringing us perilously close to the `` total ... '' threshold , because if what you want is simple you can use any old freebie drawing package . - No substance to `` crash '' rumoursThe word `` crash '' implies that an object was travelling at speed . It 's not quite the appropriate term in this context . We 're definitely talking whimpers here , not bangs . Of course , I 've suffered regular ... err ... whimpers , as have others who 've gnashed their electronic teeth on this site and elsewhere . But I suppose I should n't grumble about having to reboot every time Home Design decides it 's tired of life , because the program gets slower and more unstable the longer it 's been running . Hitting Ctrl-Alt-Del is really rather akin to putting a suffering animal out of its misery . `` What kind of animal ? '' you ask . Hmm . I guess it 's a toss-up between a sloth and a skunk . I have to shoot , err , reboot my Pentium III/660 MHz/384 MB machine at least once an hour to get back to an acceptable speed and remain airborne . - Render unto seizure ... And do n't talk to me about the much-vaunted `` photo-realistic rendering '' . After an hour , I knocked the rendering process on the head -LRB- for want of access to any member of the Broderbund development team -RRB- because it was still just 30 % finished . I 'm only planning a little log cabin in the mountains , but I really would like it built on schedule . Or at least in my lifetime . OK , the target date for breaking ground is over six months away , but I had visions of having to leave my PC behind because Home Design was still trying to render the model when the removals van pulled away from the front door at the end of next year.I did think of setting up a user forum on Yahoo , but came to the conclusion that what users of this software needed was not a forum but a self-help group and a 12-step plan . - Back to the drawing-boardIf I could afford it , I 'd invest in Chief Architect . That comes from Art Inc. , the people who wrote Home Design 's predecessors , which is to say the versions of Home Architect numbered up to and including 4.0 . I 've tried a demo of `` Chief '' . It 's intuitive , rock-solid stable , does far more than Home Design -- and Art Inc. only praises its product in averagely glowing terms , not like it 's the best thing since sliced bread . Just a shame Chief Architect costs almost $ 500 , even for the entry-level `` Home Edition '' . - And finally ... Wisely , Amazon do n't allow reviewers to post their e-mail address , but if you want to contact me about Home Design , send a message to community-help@amazon.com and they 'll pass it on to me . -LSB- Amazon
 We had designed a 6,000 sq ft. house using version 3 . We loved the program . But we decided to upgrade to version 5 to get some more advanced features while finalizing the design of the house . What a waste . First , it is not backward compatible so we can not transfer any of the prior work to it . Second , while it would run on my desktop , it would not run on our laptop . It would crash the system . Their support desk could offer no solutions . Third , where the old program was very intuitive , neither my wife nor I could make any sense out of the new navigation system . She finally uninstalled the new version and went back to the old version . Skip this product .
 If you use the generic houses and sample lots provided , getting started is easy , but doing the design , and filling in materials will take a while to master . But , where are the plants ? I live in Arizona , and from the advertised library of 3500 + plants I found ONE native to the desert , that I could actually use.Despite that frustration I continued , only to find I could n't print my design . Even after downloading new drivers for sound , video and printer the software crashed . Upside is a 90 day money back guarantee .
 This software was obviously pushed out into the market before being completely tested . Often times it will not allow things to be dimensioned . It can be difficult to insert standard items , such as pocket doors and sliders . You will spend more time trying to figure out how to do things than you actually spend accomplishing anything . It is a frustrating package that has left me feeling defrauded .
 I 've been in software development and sales for almost 20 years . This product qualifies as the most unitiutive product I 've ever used -LRB- going back to DOS days -RRB- . I 've sold very sofisiticated software products that were 100 times easier to use . I ca n't believe Broderbund trys to sell this as a consumer product . In addition , after working on a design for an hour or so the software would crash and corrupt the file forcing me to recreate my work . Never mind saving your work every few minutes . It did n't matter as it would still corrupt the file . I would highly recommend finding a different solution .
 I was upgrading from verison 3 to 5 . I knew something was up when i opened the box . Version 3 has 6 cd 's verison 5 has 2 cd 's 1 cd has aol on it . What a waste of mony time and packaging . TOTAL JUNK TRASH
 This is probably the biggest waste of money I 've ever spent on software . There are two possible functions it could serve
 I designed a 3700 sf . home in 3.0 and am currently living in it . The vector generated graphics of 3.0 were Spartan , but looked three dimensional . And the interface was intuitive . The new version -LRB- 5.1 -RRB- is cute and very detailed but appears to be object based and looks like printed paper cutouts - no true 3-D realism - including the -LRB- so-called -RRB- photo-realistic renderings . It is EXTREMELY hard to master , frustrating to use , and illogical . Hey people at Broderbund - where did you put the SCROLL BARS ? The walk through controls are poorly designed , too sensitive and do n't allow you to record - at least I have n't found out how to do it . I never tried to print since I went back to 3.0 before finishing my current design . If you have 3.0 and like it , keep it and skip this one .
 Ca n't add much that has n't already been said ... hard to use , completely counter-intuitive ... and the help index and instruction manual are useless . If you type in `` soffit , '' `` beam , '' or `` fireplace '' there are n't even entries with corresponding instructions ! Also , where are commands for crown molding , baseboard , etc ? I 'll stick with Version 3 , which is a much easier-to-use product and offers more features .
 I have used 3D Home ARCHITECT for years , V1 , V2 , V3 . 3D Home DESIGN is from the same Broderbund , and costs more , so I thought it would be better . WRONG . Dimensioning is one of it 's many problems . Dimensions are n't locked onto an element . You move a wall , and the dimenision stays the same . Wrong . And no way to remove dimensions all at once , Must be remove one at a time . Very slow . Needs auto-remove tool . And dims . should change as the wall is moved . Otherwise you must remeasure each move . No online help with program . Like I said it wastes a lot of time , and MY MONEY . 3D Home Design is all about sales , not function .
 I 've used 3D Home Architect 3.0 for years with great success . Even though it 's 5 years old , it beats the pants off of version 5.1 . Actually , 5.1 appears to be a completely different package , and you ca n't open any projects that you created with the older versions . Tasks that were so simple with 3.0 are ridiculously difficult and frustrating with 5.1 . For example , if you add an interior wall that is not connected to an exterior wall , you have to drag it to where you think you want it , then measure -LRB- with a very difficult to use tape measure -RRB- , then move it again , measure , and repeat until it 's where you want it . What happened to automatical visual dimension lines that were in 3.0 !!!? The primary problem with this version lies in it 's lack of usability . It takes hours to do what took minutes in the previous version . I was grateful for Broderbund 's money back guarantee - I took them up on it . This product stinks . The biggest dissapointment is , there 's no upgrade path for fan 's of 3D Home Architect 3.0 , which was -LRB- and still is -RRB- an exceptional product . I STRONGLY recommend against this product .
 I just tried to design a garden for our new house using `` 3D Home Design - 3D Home Landscaping version 5 '' . Despite what the box says , the software contains no templates of gardens that you can modify , just shapes -LRB- circles , rectangles , squares -RRB- with pre-programmed lot sizes -LRB- such as 40 ' x 110 ' -RRB- . I tried to edit the dimensions of the 40 ' x 110 ' rectangle to mimic our new lot . Forget it . You can not edit the sizes even if you follow the steps in the manual.So , I tried to create a new lot from scratch . Instead of a flat plane to show our new lawn , the program created a cylinder . The cylinder could not be modified no matter how I tried.I finally decided to accept the incorrect dimensions of the rectangular plot -LRB- 40 x 110 -RRB- and just insert sample plants -LRB- trees , climbers , etc -RRB- from the toolbar , to get an idea of what would look good next to what . The program crashed . When it did allow me to add the plants in outline view , they did not show up in 3D view , which means you ca n't see what they will look like in your garden -LRB- the whole point of the program ! -RRB- The program crashed again when I toggled from 3D view to outline view . -LRB- My system surpasses the system requirements , so that was not the problem -RRB- . I am not a software neophyte , and I followed both the manual and the tutorials step-by-step to create a diagram , but the software did not work . I do n't believe Broderbund tests this before releasing it to the public.If anyone has found a quality landscape design software program , please tell me . Right now , I 'm ready to turn to Powerpoint .
 It simply wo n't work in Windows 2000 . It is a buggy , hard to use , pathetic program with a lot of deficiencies . I have been trying to work with the developers of the product because there is no way to get customer service from Broderbund . So far they have no ideas ! Move a line and a phantom shoots off into infinity . Move another and the program might crash or you get a permanently detached wall with about 10 line fragments hidden under it . Walls become detached on their own with object fragments . The stair generator wo n't create a real stair . Raised platofrms and stair segments are almost impossible to make - if you can keep the program from doing really BAD things . There are no scroll bars - go figure ! Rendering is poor and is shading based rather than detail based . A walk through -LRB- like version 3 -RRB- is impossible . Detached dimensioning from objects leads to SERIOUS errors that make this a useless program for serious work . This is truly a BETA PROGRAM . Not ready for sale and definitely not for the person looking to build their own house .
 I was very disappointed in 3D Home Design Suite Professional 5.0 . It is the worst software purchase I have ever made . I am a very happy user of prior versions of 3D Home Design Suite , and I looked forward to this `` upgrade . '' It turns out that this is not truly an upgrade , but a product with an underlying CAD engine by a different company from prior versions . This fact is obscurely disclosed on the back of the box in very fine , inconspicuous type , that for many of us , would require a magnifying glass to read . This problem with the underlying engine CAD engine means that you can not import or open your plans that you created in prior versions of the software.In spite of the above problem , I decided to bite the bullet and simply re-create some of my designs using the new software . I found this new version to be clumsy and very user unfriendly and after working with it for a while , decided that a switch is not worth the effort . Executing what was a simple operation in prior versions became complex and time-consuming with this version . Using it is torturous , and I could never be happy with this product , so I reverted to using my prior version.Under the terms of Broderbund 's 90-day `` complete satisfaction guarantee , '' I shipped the product to Broderbund and requested a refund of my purchase price . It is the first time I have ever returned a software product due to poor performance . To their great credit , my money was promptly refunded , so I was out only the sales tax and shipping charges , a total of about $ 15 , plus a lot of valuable , wasted time . I recommend you save your time and money .
 This product should have never seen the light of day . I have used prior versions , but this one has forgotten all those lessons . Save your money and buy a pencil and ruler - it will be faster and more accurate .
 It 's a good thing that Broderbund has a money back guarantee , I 'm going to need it.This software was obviously written by people who have never tried to use it . The two complaints I have after spending only 2 minutes with it
 Bought this as a package deal with other Broderbund software . I should have read the customer reviews first ! Difficult to useis an understatement . Others here have said it much more eloquently than I could ever manage . Buyer Beware and buy something else!ZERO stars .
 I am about to uninstall , both my wife and myself gve this a try . My lot size is not one of the given ones . Setting up a lot -LRB- a 90x180 foot rectangle -RRB- is impossible . Did not bother going any further , with it . There is a couple of hours wasted I will never see again ...
 I just installed this software thinking that for $ 19.99 -LRB- a $ 10 discount -RRB- it is worth the risk even given the bad reviews . Unfortunately , this software is not worth 19 cents . The program crashed 4 times with runtime errors just trying to do a simple thing like change the dimensions of a site boundary . Save yourself the frustration , and save your money .
 I just tried to design a garden for our new house using `` 3D Landscaping '' . Despite what the box says , the software contains no templates of gardens that you can modify , just shapes -LRB- circles , rectangles , squares -RRB- with pre-programmed lot sizes -LRB- such as 40 ' x 110 ' -RRB- . I tried to edit the dimensions of the 40 ' x 110 ' rectangle to mimic our new lot . Forget it . You can not edit the sizes even if you follow the steps in the manual.So , I tried to create a new lot from scratch . Instead of a flat plane to show our new lawn , the program created a cylinder . The cylinder could not be modified no matter how I tried.I finally decided to accept the incorrect dimensions of the rectangular plot -LRB- 40 x 110 -RRB- and just insert sample plants -LRB- trees , climbers , etc -RRB- from the toolbar , to get an idea of what would look good next to what . The program crashed . When it did allow me to add the plants in outline view , they did not show up in 3D view , which means you ca n't see what they will look like in your garden -LRB- the whole point of the program ! -RRB- The program crashed again when I toggled from 3D view to outline view . -LRB- My system surpasses the system requirements , so that was not the problem -RRB- . I am not a software neophyte , and I followed both the manual and the tutorials step-by-step to create a diagram , but the software did not work . I do n't believe Broderbund tests this before releasing it to the public.If anyone has found a quality landscape design software program , please tell me . Right now , I 'm ready to turn to Powerpoint .
 There is no way to lay out a landscape design because you ca n't put in your house dimensions without buying and installing the 3D Architect package.This software is miserable . The sample house included is a one story box . There are no additional designs . Changing the dimentions on this house is difficult - no instructions included.Find a copy of version 4 . It 's the same price and much more accessible .
 I have had Broderbund Home Designer 5.0 for about 4 months now . Three years ago I used 3D Architect Vers . 1.0 to remodel my kitchen and it was great . So , I decided to buy 3D Architect Professional 5.0 to design my Master Suite -LRB- converting two BRs and a bath to do it -RRB- and remodel my back yard and pool ... completely . To begin , all Broderbund architectural products ' names are similarly named . I thought the `` professional '' 5.0 included -LRB- and was led to believe by skimming the info on it -RRB- the landscape design program . You can even switch to landscape mode but NOTHING happens ! After calls to tech support and customer service asking why I ca n't get to the landscape portion , I -LRB- not they -RRB- realized I had to buy 3D Home Landscape . So I went to buy it , installed it and went to use the program and still no landscape mode . Long story short ... after many frustrating calls and e-mails , I -LRB- again me , not they -RRB- discovered how the two programs merge together to form one program -LRB- if installed in a certain method and order -RRB- named yet another program name ... 3d Home Designer 5.0 . Unbelievable!Again , long story short ... after limping through a multitude of crashes , letters to tech support and getting answers back e.g. , `` I do n't know , I do n't use the program '' and countless other frustrating and irritating things , today was the last straw . I opened the program and four months of re-creating my four bedroom tri-level home and yard are gone to waste . As soon as I open the program to do anything , it crashes . I have re-installed and to no avail.BY ALL MEANS , save yourself the frustration and look for another package . I used to work in the computer industry up until '98 and Broderbund typifies the reason I got out ... mediocrity !! If you are doing a very simple two room house , want to WOW your friends or clients twirling the house around , do walk thrus -LRB- on the computer , ca n't make a separate walk thru file and send to someone -RRB- , or you want your three-year old to be an architect and start them off early ... buy it ! Otherwise ... go back to the ole drafting board ... which is what Broderbund ought to do .
 My husband and I are both college educated -LRB- my husband is an electrical engineer for a high tech company -RRB- and we are struggling to use this product . It takes a lot of work to get a landscape set up and seems more appropriate for landscape professionals . The plant encyclopedia pictures are not very clear and there does not appear to be a search mechanism within the encyclopedia . We consider the cost a waste of money and are disappointed that we ca n't return the product . We will be designing our yard with pen , paper and plant encyclopedias easily found on the internet .
 I am very computer literate , I run a sophisticated accounting package and a customer management database program at work , along with the usuals Microsoft Excel , Word , Access . And alot more . But THIS software is just too much . I bagged it once i realized that just learning how to use it could take up a whole weekend ... . I had the same problem with 3D Home Architect 5.0 ... I loved version 3.0 , it took awhile to learn 4.0 but so worth it ... and I ca n't make heads or tails of version 5.0 . Bruderbund people ! Why are you forsaking us ?
 I just now read the reviews of this product ; unfortunately , I did not read them before I purchased this pathetic program . Basically - false advertising . Does not include anywhere near the number of items indicated on the box and queries to Broderbund indicate the items are no longer available . Save your money - get some crayons !
 This software gives you seemingly endless options , which is both good and bad . Good because you can micromanage down to the texture of the bricks in the pathway of your garden , but bad because these powerful tools only get a few lines of explaination in the user 's manual . I consider myself to be fairly computer savvy , but the program makes it difficult for you even to join fences to the house properly or add slope to your terrain . I 'll spend several more hours trying to see if I can make any progress in learning this program , but I do n't think you should have to have a CAD degree just to design some landscape on a computer .
 I wanted very Simple , not 35 steps to something , wanted to replace a pad and paper , but can do it in 5 minute , worked with this a hour and still at a loss
 I could n't use . I have a 64 bit system and this must be for a 32 bit system . I gave it to my son .
 I purchased Broderbund 's Clickart 400,000 and have never felt more taken advantage of by a software company . You see only 150,00 of the images are actually inthe box I bought . The 750,000 only has 200,000 in the box . The rest I have to sit on my stinking 56K modem and wait for them to download . I could not believe thiswhen I realized it . I went and looked at the box and saw there was a tiny asterick saying that only some of the images are actually in the box and that you needed togo online for the rest . If I wanted to buy an internet subscription I would have done that . I will never buy another Broderbund or Clickart product again . There areplenty of reputable clip art products out there that do not try to fool their customers .
 As a graphic artist I started with Clickart 25,000 and liked it . I upgraded to Clickart 125,000 and Clickart 200,000 as they were released . So far the Clickart 200,000 version has been the best . It came with 14 cds and 2 large volumes of well-organized thumbnails for finding the right image . I had expected more of the same . Clickart 750,000 was , unfortunately , very disappointing . No printed catalog and very few of the images I purchased were actually in the box . Most of them require online registration and downloading . That was not made clear during ordering or I would not have ordered . The book that IS enclosed titled
 I have complaints about everything in this package . The extra software did not work and the whole package turns out to be a continual advertisement for Broderbund to buy more online products and subscriptions . Like the users above , I expected the box to contain the graphics advertised . It is just as well , since I found most unusable anyway . Junk . Cute junk but junk . Trite.This has angered me so much that I will never purchase any product from Broderbund again .
 Three quarters of a million clips and none of them graceful . All jarring junk and limited at that . Hard to use . Editing not possible . And now I have an icon on my desktop so I can order more with no trouble . -LRB- I do n't think that will happen . -RRB- Still trying to find out what the web clip art is all about -- beyond me . Regret I did not order through Amazon . I would have had a heads up and not gone forward .
 The images are not beautiful and the software is not easy to use . I am very disapointed in the software and it is too bad that you can not return the opened product !
 Broderbund offers the worst customer service I 've seen in years . Not only did the product refuse to install on a new all-Intel computer with Windows XP , it did so with a flashy notice that came on for a SECOND , declaring that I already had parts of it on the hard drive and would have to remove it before this Princessware would deign to continue with Installation.If this package does contain duplicates of other Clickart packages , it 's because THEY are issuing duplicates . They 're generating more cash by dividing up one large messy pool of graphics and selling overlapping bits of it . Their own software realizes this ! It 's amazing that the software refuses to work with its own subsets . They could n't even bother to rename files ? Or insert duplication management functions ? What kind of crazy policy is that?I 'm annoyed that this skinny little box contains mostly air anyway but the customer non-service put a capper on it . They run you round pages in circles . Finally , after clicking every possible button , you realize they only want email from folks who 've bought the software directly from THEM , off their web site . I do n't know why they bother to have retailers , if that 's how they 're going to treat customers . They 're passing the buck to people who really should n't be the ones doing software support . It 's Broderbund 's mess , they should clean it up .
 This product has a lot clip art , but is hard to use . Although I have a 2.4 GHz PC , it still takes about 30 seconds for the application to open . When I import photos , PrintMaster seems to alter -LRB- diminish -RRB- the quality . For example , when I import high-quality photos into PrintMaster and then print them as part of a greeting card , the photos look very grainy . Borders are available as clip art , but are hard to re-size to fit around objects -LRB- there appears to be no specific tool for creating borders -RRB- . Also , THE REBATE AD IS MISLEADING . YOU NEED TO OWN A COMPETING PRODUCT AND RETURN THE DISK BACK TO BRODERBUND TO GET YOUR REBATE .
 This software is NOT FREE after rebate unless you own the previous version . I 'll return mine .
 This is not a user friendly program . It does not allow you to do basic functions like change margins or select custom card size . Even when you buy the Avery cards , the layout does n't necessarily match the size of the actual card , and there is now way to change it.This was complete waste of money !
 I 've got both the Hallmark and Am Greetings software in addition to this . Both are much easier to use with better quality cards . Save your money and get one of those !
 Borderbund no longer supports this product on their web site and with half the projects obtained at an on line site that no longer exists , PrintMaster Greeting Cards Deluxe is incomplete .
 After many years of satisfaction with QuickVerse , I have changed my opinion - not of its content but its operability . QV 2005 has Internet Explorer 6.0 as a system prerequisite . What they fail to inform buyers is that subsequent releases of Internet Explorer cripples its usefulness by disabling the ability to complete internal links . If you have updated to Internet Explorer 7.0 , do not buy this product . When I enquired as to when QV 2005 would be updated , I was informed that it would not be . I assume that QV 2006 and subsequent versions will also be tied to early versions of Operating Systems and so have very limited lives .
 I bought a new computer with windows XP and decided if i was going to be running the newest Windows I should run the newest Printmaster . I upgraded from Platinum 11 and I 'm sending back Platinum 15 and re-installing 11 . More than half the images are online now . You get three art discs and have to sort through online garbage to get the rest . It 's to get you to sign up for their Million image club for another $ $ . They took away some features and added nothing . Quality went down . Wait for them to bring it back up before upgrading .
 I agree with the reviewer who advised
 Would n't install , Print Master or 3D . In fact 3D registered me but did not complete the installation and when I e-mailed Broderbund about this problem , I got no response what so ever . Tried to return the junk software and store would n't take it back .
 Would n't install , Print Master or 3D . In fact 3D registered me but did not complete the installation and when I e-mailed Broderbund about this problem , I got no response what so ever . Tried to return this junk software and store would n't take it back .
 This product is totally outdated . Besides , I was unable to run it on a windows vista operatng system .
 I bought this software recently and tried to install it on my Windows Xp Pro in Portuguese . The installation went ok , however when trying to run the ClickArt50 ,000 for the first time I received an error indicating the program could not create some directories inside my home directory . I contacted Broderbund 's support and reported the issue . Their official answer after two emails was
 I just spent hours trying to load the 2 CDs for this product . I was unable to get anything to work . I sought help from the technical support staff at the major university where I work , and they could not get anything to work either , even after uninstalling the program . We continued to get the error message `` install CD '' , even when it could be heard whizzing in the CPU . I also found that you can choose only one font at a time from the `` font CD '' , which you must run live everytime you want to use a font . I tried the get help from the manufacturer -LRB- Broderbund -RRB- on their website . They had a few canned troubleshooting suggestions that do n't apply . I had registered the program 3 times by this point , but the website would not recognize my username and password . The bottom line - do n't waste your time and money on this impossible program .
 If you have a computer running anything but the software listed on this page , DO NOT BUY THIS CD . It DOES NOT WORK . My son found Ruff 's Bone on YouTube and I bought this disc , even though I saw the other review about the OS , because I thought , well , OK , it did n't work on XP but maybe it 'll work now . I now have a very disappointed child and feel like a prize idiot .
 ALL BUT THE NEWEST RANGE OF PERIPHERALS ARE NOT SUPPORTED IN OS X. CANON feels it is as much Apple 's responsibility as it is theirs . They are right in that the competitor 's Windows XP can enable old or current printers to do basic printing . Tasks like ink monitoring may not work with drivers from Windows XP , but they can print , something Apple os X can not do . SO WHY APPLE ARE YOU SLACKING ! In all my years as a PC user , I have never found any peripherals problem when we upgraded our OS at the workplace . It is all about OS design , and thought from from the software designers.My USB palm does not work , but Palm is fixing that in time.My CDRW on firewire does not work on os X as well.What kind of upgrade is this if we can not use our current peripherals?APPLE has to put in some kind of functionality with peripherals
 Yes , there is a nice interface , nice email and all that , but know that there is poor support for ` older ' devices . I have a Canon bjc bought 6 months ago , and an Epson laser printer bought 1 month ago , and both these manufacturers tell me that they have os X drivers only for their new printers ie those which they are marketing now.You would think that like windows , there would be some backward compatibility or some universal printer driver , or some driver emulator to just get your document printed . As it is , with os X you have to reboot , switch to classic environment everytime you want to print , unless you have bought a printer that has os x drivers
 Yeah it 's pretty , but then there are some things you find out when you try to run the thing that they did n't tell you ... I 'm on a new iBook with 9.2 and OS X .1 and having more problems than the cheery reviewers and Apple promise
 Although this update has a DVD player , there 's still a lot missing.I cann ' t burn CDs with my external drive and there 's still no external MIDI capability . The supposed faster performance has n't been noticed by this customer . Sorry , Apple , you should have waited until you were ready for an update . X. 1 is a waste of money .
 The OS froze at the store on one of it 's better computers ... try Windows XP instead
 Six months into using OS - X started having Kernel panics -LRB- Apple 's blue secreen of death -RRB- . Not running non-Apple programs , multi-tasking , or running peculiar non-standard hardware -LRB- Logitech tracball , HP printer/scanner -RRB- . 5 trips to the repair shop - new hard drive , new RAM , new system board , upgrade to 10.2.8 ; 4 phone calls to Apple `` Support . '' Kernel panics returned . Lots of web searches - found lots of boards where people have the same experience , and found the only permanent solution was downgrading to OS9 or upgrading to OS 10.3 . `` Support '' denies it 's poor USB software .
 I purchased this item for my Grandchildren to use and it wo n't open on any of my computers . It has been a total waste of money .
 The product description states ... `` SQL Server Developer Edition is a version of SQL Server with some restrictions on functionality , and is designed for development and testing purposes . It is ideal for those developers who want to get a taste of the Enterprise Edition before purchasing the full product . ... `` What it does not tell you is that SQL Server 2000 will NOT install on Windows XP.I am a fan of Sybase because their latest server ASE 12.5 does run on Windows XP ... oh , and by the way , the Sybase developer edition is free ...
 I received this product , installed it and it would n't open . I spoke with customer support no less than 5 times and received about 10 emails from them explaining what to do to fix the problem . I spent about 10 hours over a weeks time trying to correct the problem to no avail . In the end customer support admitted they could n't fix it and told me to return it for a refund . I 've since ordered Nova 's Business Plan Writer and it works great !
 If you are thinking of buying this product be sure to check to see if your computer is compatible . We have a Mac OS X and the Tortoise and the Hare is too old a program for it . As far as we can tell it runs only on version 7 . Do n't be mislead by the fact that is says for Mac versions 7 or higher on the case , it is not true and I suspect it will be a similar situation for computers running Windows .
 Never have I had any type of greeting card program force you to load ALL the graphics and fonts when installing the program . Most allow you to run the program from the CDs in order to save space and resources . This program , on the other hand , forces you to load all 600MB of the program , including all the fonts , in order to see the cards that you can choose from . Your other choice is a scant 95MB minimal install , but then all you get are blank cards and there is no way to access the card designs that are supposed to come with the program . What a waste of a perfectly good program .
 I have used Roxio 's Photosuite for a couple of years and while Art Explosion offers greater variety , it crashes more often -LRB- WinXP -RRB- and is very time consuming to insert photos . The program default directory is embedded deep in the Progam Folder , while my pictures are all in `` My Pictures '' folder . I could n't find a way to change the default and the program does n't recognize shortcuts.Tried to get customer support , but the rep. was not very knowledgeable - kept telling me they were following Microsoft 's recommendation and there was no way to change the location of `` My Pictures '' folder .
 This program was easy to use and had nice graphics , but I can believe it had no calendar section ! You could make a party hat , but not a calendar ! Go figure . It was a waste of my money .
 I bought The Greeting Card Factory Deluxe version about a month ago with an instruction booklet included . However even with the booklet by my side , I had difficulty setting up the correct printing options for envelopes you can create . Even though on screen help was very good , their phone support was slow and not toll free . The average wait time during peak business hours is 15 minutes . Fortunately , I was very patient working it out myself and achieved the cards I wanted , but , I would not recommend this product to anyone who is on a tight schedule as this will not solve your greeting card woes .
 I was very disappointed with Muppet Babies - Toyland Train . First there is a very long introduction that no toddler is going to have the patience to sit through . Then the activities are rather boring , they are not so imaginative or playful . I was also shocked when I tried using it and Kermit the Frog told me I had answered wrong , please try again ! What a blow to a toddler 's self-esteem ! So do n't waste your money on this program , get Reader Rabbit Toddler instead , it 's much better .
 Seriously people ... this game is horrible . It 's a series of 8 games that are very simplistic and BORING . Your typical flash game on the web is better . The graphics in-game are not that great . Even my 3 and 5 year old Incredibles Fans were bored after 5 minutes . `` Daddy Turn it off this is n't fun ! '' was all I heard . Man , I was n't expecting much but this is about 2 days of programming effort , Not even a day of ` design ' and some cut scenes . Sorely disappointed in this one . If I could return it , I would . AVOID!What you get
 My daughter and I loved The Incredibles movie so we were really looking forward to playing the computer game . What a disappointment ! The game is totally frustrating-there are not enough places to save the game , so you have to do the same things over and over again . We got about halfway through and put it aside . Every once in a while we go back to it and decide all over again that it 's not worth our time . We 've played all three of the Harry Potter games and find them to be much more fun than this was .
 I have to agree with the other review , I bought it from another store cheaply as the case was damaged and was sorely dissapointed even for the price I paid.There are a limited number of very basic games that have been crudely fit into the Incredibles theme . Not much thought has gone into this product .
 This game is not worth 20 dollars . When I brought it home , I beat it in five minutes , both the medium and easy levels . The problem is that the hard level is too hard , so it would be frustrating for most people and the easy and medium levels are way too easy . I can not recommend this game and I 'm sorry about that because the game looks like a lot of fun and I spent my birthday money on it .
 I received this game as a gift . My son received the Game Cube version at the same time . I played mine once , he is still playing his a month later . The graphics are so-so . The games themselves are boring . If you have a video game system I recommend that version instead of the pc . It is a totally different game . There are different levels and an ultimate goal . It keeps my 13 year old entertained . If I had had a choice I would have passed on the pc version .
 The action is too jerky with a mouse turning Incredibles around . I have a new Dell with 128meg video card and I get motion-sickness playing . EA Games have much smoother mouse direction . I tried contacting THQ with no response back .
 My kids received this as a gift from their grandparents , and it wo n't play at all . The kids are disappointed , and now I 'm in for a headache of trying to get the receipt and see if the store will refund/exchange . From looking on the web , it appears to be a common error.This game installs fine , but wo n't play at all . It gives an error message saying `` wrong disc inserted '' even though it only has one disc , and it 's the one that is in the CD-drive . THQ -LRB- the publisher of the game -RRB- does n't even have the thing on the web anymore -LRB- yes , there is a link for it on their list of games , but clicking on the link takes you to a different Incredibles title -RRB- . I sent an e-mail to the company , but I must say I 'm not holding my breath for any support -LRB- given all the harsh things I 've now read on the web about this problem -RRB- .
 All I can say is , all you other people out there that actually managed to play the game at all , be thankful you got that out of it . I bought this game for my 7yr . old son , and he ca n't even play it . I put the CD in , and it just says , `` Wrong Disc Inserted . '' Well , I only have one CD here , so I 'm assuming my CD is bad . BestBuy is where I bought the game , and I 'm going to make them give me a refund . If they try to pull this `` open software , no refund '' crap , I 'll tell them to load it on one of their display computers and tell them to make it work . If they ca n't -LRB- and they wo n't , I 've already tried it on all 5 of my computers -RRB- , I 'm getting my money back . The customer service for THQ -LRB- folks that made the game -RRB- is absolutely terrible . I do n't think I 'm going to buy another one of their games , ever . The number to tech support just rang and rang ... no automated system , no operator - nothing . Their website was terrible , they had an email form that I used , and I still have n't gotten anything from them . My advice
 I wish I had read these reviews before I bought the game . I bought mine from Best Buy and it will not work either . It runs through the install , but when you try to play the game you get ` disk not found ' error . This was a big disappointment for my 7 year old on Christmas Day !
 Like so many others , I purchased this for my 6 year old son and when attempting to play it after installation I got the famed , `` Wrong disc '' error . Wished I 'd researched it 1st before buying . Tech help is non-existant , no one answers . What a load of cr-p .
 I 'm reviewing the startup for the game . It wo n't run . Says I have the wrong disk in the CD drive . Piece of S only came with one disk !! It 's in the garbage now . After reading the above , I 'm glad me and my grandson did n't have to suffer through it actually running . LOL
 My 7 year old son bought this game with his birthday money and could hardly wait to play it . He 's learned a great deal of patience since then . Install went fine but soon we were hit with the now infamous `` Wrong disc inserted . '' message . Our home machine is a bit older so I thought I would try it at work . Being a software test engineer -LRB- for the past 10 year -RRB- , I have access to quite a few machines and know about getting things to work . !!! THIS GAME WILL NOT RUN ON A SINGLE MACHINE I 'VE TRIED IT ON !!! Forget about getting any help from THQ either . If you manage to actually get the phone system to answer , -LRB- Usually it just rings , and rings , and ... -RRB- all you get is an automated message informing you they are currently upgrading their phone system , so leave a message or go online.Online wo n't help either though . The online support form must go to an internet blackhole . I have yet to hear anything back from them .
 I wish I had read the reviews before buying this piece of junk !!! Thq is also a horrible company , they fail to understand the importance of customer service !!!
 Wrong Disk error like many others . Absolutely no response or support from THQ
 I installed the game with the default settings and got `` wrong disc inserted '' just like everyone else . Emailed THQ . Still no response a week later.I wish 0 stars was an option .
 I purchased this game from Best Buy for my son , but THQ -LRB- game maker -RRB- apparently neglected to check if the 1-CD version of the game would work on PC 's . It does n't . There apparently was a 2-CD version that did work.I installed the game on my son 's computer - and got him all excited , only to have a very unhappy child when we went to play the game and the error message `` wrong disc inserted '' appeared instead of Dash or Violet . I am a computer expert and tried every trick I know to get this to work , to no avail.This apparently has happened to others -LRB- a quick google search will reveal this -RRB- , and the support at THQ seems to be famously bad . Do yourself a favor and buy something else .
 I buy this dvd from Amazon and try to play it but my desktop ca n't read any data on the dvd , like it 's blank . So I send it back for a replacement and it has the same problem . Both my desktops ca n't read any data on the dvd but my laptop can play it fine . Next I contact Git Corp and they say burning software can conflict with it so I uninstall Nero and it still wont work.Git Corp says they do n't know what the problem is and passes it to their developers . I have n't heard back from them . All 3 comps run XP , 3 different dvd drives , do n't know what 's wrong ! I have no problems playing the Avengers , Spiderman , or X-Men dvds .
 I 'm disapointed ... I bought this but it wo n't work outside US . It 's absurd that it is not specified on the product . Shame on Marvel .
 Package was opened when received , there was gummy residue on outside of package , item aws supposed to be `` New '' and the DVD appeared to be used .
 I purchased this item and could not get it to work on my computer . It was n't recognized . Thinking it was the disc , I purchased another one with the same problem . I emailed gitcorp support but have heard nothing back . I have other titles in this DVD series and they work fine .
 This DVD arrived with no data on the disk at all , the DVD had the artwork on the disk , but not a single bit of data . I can understand mistakes will happen in processing , but when I returned it , Amazon charged me $ 2.99 for the privilege of returning a defective product ; all in all a pretty good scam - just send out defective products and get $ 3 for everyone who returns them .
 I bought this disc and was very happy with it . The Disc covers every FF comic from 1961 to 2004 -LRB- 575 comics -RRB- plus all of the annuals and then 3 weeks later I see Amazon selling the same collection but from 1961 to 2006 plus all of the Annuals plus all of the 185 Silver Surfer comics up to 2006 for $ 4.00 less . Anybody want to buy a FF collection cheap .
 Many of the covers , arguably the highlight of a comic , have `` NOT TO BE SOLD '' stamped on them . For this price they should have used clean copies .
 Do not buy this version . The new version is the one you want . This is abhorently slow . The new ones faster though still not as fast as Adobe lightroom.the new version is 4 1/2 stars I gave this version one to get your attention
 Even with a system that meets Apples specifications I find Aperture is so slow , it 's almost unusable . Unfortunately I bought the academic version of the program , so I wo n't qualify for upgrades . Wish I 'd done more research before purchasing this program . .
 What a waste of time and effort and money . Poor , or should I say NO customer service or support ... leave a message and hold your breath , I left 2 already with NO response.Poorly written , you can do better with a simple power point presentation . Misleading in the fact that sure you can put pictures and documents on a cd but you could do that without this poor excuse of a program . Does nothing with any other ancestral software other than copy the pictures . WOWI am going to ask for my money back !
 I purchased this product from Amazon before I did my homework and found that it will not work -LRB- after a frustrating hour trying to download it onto my iMac 07 Leopard -RRB- with any intel based iMac . Wasted money but lessons learned .
 I 've been a user since the first beta , and things do n't look good for Illustrator . The marketing people have been in charge for way too long , and now it is impossible to tell just what this program is supposed to do ! It does nothing well . To this `` industry standard '' -LRB- in EXACTLY the way Lotus 123 was sold as `` the indusrtry standard '' for the last three useless versions -RRB- , Adobe continues to add a scattering of confused features and tricks , while ignoring years old problems with Illustrator . At this point , the new ` web ' features that started flooding in with version 7 have overwhelmed any sense of planning or design. , and have caused no end of problems for its print users . One can use ` transparency features ' to create neat drop shadows -LRB- not suitable for print work as they force the vector work to pixelate before printing is possible -RRB- , but one still can not handle multiple pages , master documents , or even file linking in any but the most rudimentary way . While faster than some past versions , there must be SOME reason that Adobe , the people who invented PostScript , produce the absolute slowest PostScript file creator in the field . The only program slower to write a file is InDesign - also by Adobe.MacroMedia Freehand stepped way ahead of this product 4 or 5 versions ago and has never looked back . The only real benefit to Illustrator is its excellent ability to interpret and edit many . eps files . But a file converter is hardly worth the price.Illustrator is NO longer a decent prepress tool , and has not been since version 7 . It has such a hodge podge of conflicting and incompatible ` features ' that I wonder what it IS suited for.Unless Adobe gets some focus back to it 's software , photoshop and GoLive will be the only decent products they make . -LRB- and GoLive was purchased as a good thing - who knows where it will be in a year or two -RRB- .
 The saying , `` The road to hell is paved with good intentions '' is epitomized in this program . Adobe attempted to add a plethora of tools a designer might want . In fact , I think the program would work great for web design if it were n't so buggy . For print , it 's just as bad as 9 was and 9 was VERY BAD.I tried to use it for a couple weeks , but I had to get some work done so I 'm back in 8 . I hesitated to buy 10 because 9 was such a bomb , but hope springs eternal ; I thought they would surely not release two duds in a row . I will buy 11 just because I hate to be so far behind , but it better be better .
 ComputerCOP is very good as a way of neatly viewing any picture stored on your computer , but as an internet monitoring program it does n't work at all . I 've gone to hundreds of sites over the past little while , but when I scanned the computer with ComputerCOP , there were only three pictures from the internet in the list ... and perhaps I had downloaded those , I 'm not sure.Oh , and the customer support is pretty lousy.Pity I had to give this a star , it does n't deserve to get it .
 I never bought this item so I do n't know why it is in my list of purchases . When I go to my account and ask for a list of what I 've bought , Print Artist 4 does not show up . I 'm curious how this one got on my list . I 've used Print Artist in the past and I do not like it very much .
 I purchase this program hoping I can put together a photo slideshow as a farewell present for a coworker and also as a slideshow gift for my niece . I tried the trial version first . It has very easy menus and I was able to create my first slideshow in 20 minutes . It worked great in my home DVD . I decided to purchase the program the next day . After finalizing the DVD I decided to try out the slideshow at work . It did n't work in two DVD 's at my work place . I tried at two other people DVD 's , still nothing . I went back and I tried different setup menus . After wasting more than 25 CD 's I decided to call the company . The technical support recommendation
 For the price , Ulead 's DVD PictureShow 2 is a fairly competent program . However , there is a reason why consumers may consider programs like Photodex 's ProShow 2 a better choice . ProShow can automatically synchronize the length of a slideshow to match the total length of its accompanying soundtrack ; DVD PictureShow can not . DVD PictureShow does not calculate what slide is reached when a piece of music ends . Instead , the user must preview the slideshow and then through painstakingly manual trial-and-error , adjust the length of the slideshow to match the length of its accompanying soundtrack . If a DVD PictureShow slideshow is longer than its soundtrack , the last song in the soundtrack will repeat itself until the end of the slideshow.If you can live with this problem -LRB- and it 's kind of a hard problem to live with -RRB- , DVD PictureShow 2 has slightly more functionality than ProShow . DVD PictureShow users can burn discs in VCD , SVCD , and DVD format -LRB- ProShow users are limited to VCD -RRB- ; add video clips to the slideshow and audio annotations to any picture ; print CD labels and show indices ; and specify at a mouse-click where music transitions take place on the slideshow 's storyboard -LRB- users must manually calculate custom music transitions in ProShow -RRB- . However , ProShow has 280 transition effects , compared to PictureShow 's 42 transition effects.Users who are comfortable with sound editing will find DVD PictureShow 2 acceptable . Most other users should look at other products first .
 Been using this for around 1 year now and it crashes allot and when it does it does n't hang up the phone line . This could be for hours or days depending if your on vacation or just out and about . Have n't found any support anywhere yet . When it works it works pretty well . Mailboxes are easy to setup and the built in options are more then suffcient to use in a small office enviroment . Look around I 'm sure there is something better .
 we have several tonka games my grandkids love to play . I find it hard to believe that tonka actually put this game on the market . Poor instructions , poor graphics , no fun ...
 WHEN I FIRST SAW THIS GAME I WANTED IT SO BAD . I GOT IT AND PLAYED IT RIGHT OFF THE BAT . AND BOY WAS I DISSAPOINTED . THE GAME WAS POORLY MADE . I THOUGHT YOU COULD MAKE A LOT BETTER CARTOONS THEN THAT . THEY DO N'T EVEN REALLY MOVE . AND THE SOUND CLIPS BITE . PEOPLE DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON IT . IT IS NOT HORRIBLE BUT NOT GOOD ENOUGH TO BUY FOR 10 DOLLARS . PLUS YOU WILL GET TIRED OF IT RIGHT AWAY . AND IT IS VERY HARD TO CONTROL . THE BOOKLET DOES NOT HELP AT ALL . I HAD TO LEARN BY MYSELF AND THAT TOOK AWHILE .
 The `` Simpsons Cartoon Studio '' by Fox Interactive marks the first time the Simpsons appeared on a CD-ROM based program for computers everywhere . When I first heard of it , I thought it was great that everyone 's favorite dysfunctional family were coming to PCs everywhere , however when I purchased the finished product , I was disenchanted.The game , which should appeal more to children between the ages of 6-14 , allows the user to create cartoon scenarios using various characters , settings , and props . Allowing the user to create their very own episode might sound like a great idea , however , it is not . The instructions were n't too helpful , and about the only cool thing about this product is the packaging.In other words , if you are a die-hard Simpsons fan , and must have everything with their likeness on it , then purchase this CD-ROM . If not , I would skip over this and purchase a collection of Simpsons episodes now available on videocassette for an enjoyable evening .
 imagine a game were you create stuff that cant undo . WELL IT JUST BECAME REAL ! you cant make new scenes , probs bite , sound clips bite , you can never get the correct animation , and it comes with no instructions and impossible to use ! dont spend a penny on this !
 I purchased Virtual Springfield for my sons . The computer disc came promptly , sooner than expected . The disc worked one day . Since the one time that the children used this disc , it has not worked . I have tried it on 2 PCs , 3 MACs -LRB- it is supposed to be read both by PCs and MACs -RRB- . I have taken it to work and tried it on my computer at work . We have tried it on the original computer where it worked the first time . The disc no longer works . It is not damaged in any way that I can discern . When I called the technical support number , it rings to a private residence . The answering machine states that it is not the technical support desk . This leads me to believe that I am not the only one who has had problems with this computer disc . Needless to say , my childen are immensely disappointed . Under no circumstances would I ever recommend that this item be purchased . If I could give it less than one star , I would .
 all u do is walk around springfield and look at things , it is good at the start but then after u have looked at everything it -LSB- stinks -RSB- . there is nothing else to do.seriously , i am a HUGE fan of the simpsons but dont let the amazing tv show make you think that this game is good . its not . dont make the same mistake i did in buying it , you WILL be dissapointed .
 I am the first to admit , I love the Simpsons ... but , this game , after about two weeks gets to be the same old . Yes , there are plenty of things to do , but without a real plot , the game begins to bore even the greatest Simpsons fan .
 All you really do in this game is look around Springfield and run into the occasional character . I finished the entire thing in less than 2 hours . Plus it is not very vivid or deep . You can only visit 2 classrooms in the Springfield elementary school , there is only 1 angle of Moe 's bar etc. . All you really do is LOOK at these locations that we are already familiar with and have the tiniest little bit of interaction with them . Plus the geography of Springfield in this game is not the same as the TV show . Which is also inconsistent in it 's placing of many `` sets '' . Moe 's Bar has been in many different places for example . But , then again , in the garbageman episode , the town was moved to another site . Perhaps this is where it got all shuffled up.There are a few little -LRB- and I mean little -RRB- games included . One of the main games is to simply find hidden baseball cards . A ploy to trick into clicking on the screen and revealing slight animation.In total there is just under 25 minutes worth of animation here and it is cool that the original cast provided the voices . But unless you are a die hard Simpsons fan then I would leave this game be . Definitely only for younger kids .
 I 'm a HUGE Simpsons fan , but this game was one of the worst I 've ever played ! The graphics were awful , they looked like they had been made on a simple paint program . It was boring , everything does the same thing , and there are n't many places to go into . The idea is too simple , they should have put in some games . Its hard to find your way around , without the map you would be stuck . They only thing I liked about the game was seeing The Simpsons characters talk and stuff , and you can see that on TV anyway ! All in all , this is a waste of time and will probably fustrate you more than you will in enjoy it .
 While the curse began with `` Cartoon Studio '' for many Simpsons fans , it began with Virtual Springfield for me . Now , I 'll began by saying that this is one of the worst designed game ever . The developers attempted to use the `` Kids game '' excuse , but they even fail at that.Using myself as an example , I first got this game when I was seven years old . At this particular time in my life , I was EXTREMELY easy to please , but this game could n't even achieve that.The first and instantly noticeable problem with this game is that it is choppy and poorly programmed . I first played this game on a poor PC , but I later got a high end PC . I decided to give this game a second chance and I discovered something in the process . The game is choppy because it is poorly designed and programmed , not because my old PC was bad . If you were to look at the requirements , you could see that is is VERY low . The high end PC I had contained specs at least 5-10x higher than the requirements , yet the game was STILL choppy.And it 's not just some parts of the game , it 's EVERY part . When you turn , when you walk , when you do ANYTHING , you will notice the choppiness . That is , of course , assuming you have 20/20 vision or are wearing your glasses . Then again , you might notice it either way.The next and the second most noticeable problem is that the game has no substance . There are very few things you could do and the few things you could gets boring quickly . For example , the main thing you will be doing is simply exploring Springfield . This is all nice and good , but what happens when you explored everywhere ? Absolutely nothing . The game ends there . Of course , you could also collect cards , but it is so ridiculously easy that you can probably finish by the time you 're done exploring . Hell , at the time I first got this , I could n't solve ANY kind of puzzle , yet I did it anyway . In addition to this , the few minigames that are here are simply terrible . They were made to only take your attention for a minute or two . There are freeware online that are better than these minigames.Now , Virtual Springfield has already committed two of the the worst possible crimes for PC games -LRB- bad programming and no gameplay -RRB- , but to make the whole package even worse , it 's expensive . At the current time of this review , the lowest price offered for this game on Amazon is $ 10.99 . Selling a game THIS bad and that you could beat in less than one day for anything higher than $ 3 should be a federal offense punishable by 50 lashings.Overall , it is a terrible game that has once again proven that the old saying `` Do n't judge a book by its cover '' . I had thought that since this was a free roaming Simpsons game , it would rock the casbah , but I now realized my mistake . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 while there are many benefits to learning vocabulary with this tool , I found it did not help with conversation .
 I downloaded it from Amazon and from the beginning I had problems . I had windows 2000 at the time . Well I downloaded it and immediatly it destroyed my connection and could n't get back on the internet for weeks . I removed it and was done with it . Well I upgraded to Windows XP and I tried downloading again but with a different type of internet connection . Well first off it is really hard to figure out , so someone who is n't technically savvy would have a really hard time deciding how to set everything at . And if I were to leave my computer sit just for a couple of minutes I would be thrown offline -LRB- this was due to Zero ads because when I removed it , I did n't have the problem anymore -RRB- . Plus it did n't even block the ads it was awful , do n't waste your time and money . I 'm still searching for something that actually works and I have n't been able to find anything .
 I purchased this software CD based upon Amazon reviews . The application loaded correctly and everything appeared to work until i attempted to run the live update . I found out that the product was not registered on their server . I twice contacted their help-desk -LRB- ANNE -RRB- via their web site . I twice responded via email to the questions/response they requested . I then contacted their help-desk again via their web site requesting their help in getting this product to run the updates . No help what so ever since then I can connect to their servers 66.192.12.30 -LRB- http -LRB- 80 -RRB- zerospyware.com -RRB- and -LRB- 68.82.4.8 , domain -LRB- 53 -RRB- -RRB- but then get kicked off and disconnected . Until they fix their help and support desk which they crow about , this product is not worth the purchase price . I have been unable to fully test it to see if it really works . recommend buying some other product .
 This product is listed on the scumware list of several sites including Spyware Warrior . I tried the free scan myself and it reported 182 spyware applications and 254 spyware components . Try it yourself , I bet the result is hard coded.I recommend PestPatrol , in particular I recommend it over Spysweeper , based on my own personal testing . PestPatrol is not available at Amazon.com.After trying the free Zerospyware scan I ran Pestpatrol and it found 1 instance of adware in my registry.I thought that I 'd add an update.At the time of this review , Pestpatrol was an independent software company who 's software totally rocked . They got bought out by a bigger vendor that totally destroyed the software and , I think , has since changed the name of the product.In this day and age I would n't even bother with separate anti-spyware . Use NOD32 on Windows XP and Kaspersky Internet Security of Vista and Windows 7 . There 's no separate personal firewall software that 's worth a spit either . The high powered stuff -LRB- with the exception of Kaspersky -RRB- will screw up your computer something awful .
 I recommend NOT buying this product . Its very crash prone , the company is a shell company based in the Philipines that will refuse to help you.Bad risk , avoid !
 Beware that this program actually does not detect spywares effectively . I have been using this software for 3 months and set it to autoscan daily . The reports showed that my PC was clean without any spyware everytime . However , when I recheck my PC with Spy Sweeper , I found several spyware programs -LRB- including a notorious one which logs my keystrokes -RRB- that Zero Spyware never caught .
 Horrible interface , and a complete inefficient use of hard disk space . Troubleshooting this program has been one my most frustrating using the Macintosh , and enought to convert to a PC . PhotoDeluxe comes in 4.0 instead of 2.0 for the PC .
 Please . If you have Mac OS9 beware ! My Mac freezes every time I try to use this software and I have spent hours trying to resolve the problem . Be sure to review the user group entries on Adobe 's website before buying this software ! You will find many frustrated OS9 users and no solutions . GOTO ... -LRB- their website -RRB- . Enter search and enter `` PhotoDeluxe OS9 . ''
 I have found PhotoDeluxe to be very cumbersome . Many of the features are hard to use if you 're a novice . PhotoDeluxe for Dummies was helpful and explained quite a bit but why should you have to spend money on a guidebook ? Also , changing the print setup leads to constant crashing -LRB- Windows 98 -RRB- . I have plenty of free disk space and available RAM so I do n't think this is the reason . I 'd say spend a bit more for a BMW and stay away from this Chevrolet .
 I purchased this product and when I tried to install it an error message came up saying that it could n't load it because the classic environment is not supported I 'm using a MAC that meets all the requires listed by the product so I now have to return the item and start all fresh . I recommend buying software directly from MAC so this wo n't happen to you .
 We ca n't load this - part way through loading we get an error and abort message . The soft ware must be currupt .
 I can not rate this product because I have n't received it . Great service , it 's 6 weeks late . I 'm wondering if I will ever receive it , The vendor has disappeared from Amazon .
 I bout this item thinking it was a full install and in reality it was just an upgrade . Buyer beware this outfit should not be trusted .
 I missed the other one star review , this is an upgrade only . NOT AS DESCRIBED.Do not buy unless you just want an update to Office 97 . BigBuys has only responded by requesting my phone number . That was five days ago !!!! Will I ever see my money again ??????
 I purchased this product and when I tried to install it an error message came up saying that it could n't load it because the classic environment is not supported I 'm using a MAC that meets all the requires listed by the product so I now have to return the item and start all fresh . I recommend buying software directly from MAC so this wo n't happen to you .
 After noticing there was a download glitch during the fashion disc download phase , I took note and telephoned the software company who makes this product . Lo and behold , I find out that this product is in fact not that new and therefore they do n't even offer online interactive components for the makeup portion anymore . As for those of you who use XP Pro , as I do , forget about using any online interactive functions or getting those great additional fashions mentioned with the software . It ca n't support XP Pro in that regard . Also , they told me there are no further upgrades planned for this product . I do n't think this was such a great deal at all .
 The big book inside the box is NOT the `` Teach Yourself ... '' text . It is the manual for the C++ 4.5 complier for 16 bit applications in Windows 1.0 . -LRB- Does ANYONE still use Windows 1.0 ?! -RRB- The `` Teach Yourself ... '' text is available online for free , at least in its 21 day version -LRB- by the same author -RRB- . You will probably be unsuccessful choking down object oriented programming in a new language in 14 days . I understand 6 weeks is average . I took about 5 weeks . I already had experience with some older programming languages -LRB- BASIC , Fortran , DB , Korn -RRB- , and I 'm fairly adept at these sorts of things.Although the documentation says you 'll be able to produce stand-alone programs with the `` Learn to Program with Borland C++ Builder 1.0 '' -LRB- not the same as `` Borland C++ Builder 1.0 '' -RRB- , I was n't able to find a way to do that . Attempting to run an . exe compiled with this builder will result in the error message , `` This program must be run within the C++ Builder environment , '' which means must first launch C++ Builder.The `` Teach Yourself ... '' text briefly discusses GDI 's , which are the classes that you might use to , say , to draw a graph . The Builder apparently has these components available , but with little or no documentation . They certainly were n't in any usable form . Trying to access their properties was a joke . For instance , I had to guess at the correct usage of TCanvas -LRB- a bit like a virtual sheet of paper -RRB- based on discussions I gleaned from the Internet . I kept guessing wrong until I gave up.This package is useful for DOS programmers and anyone wanting to write DOS-box programs for use under Windows . However , those wanting to do more are better advised to buy the C++ Builder 6 personal edition for about the same price . Then either buy a good -LSB- ... -RSB- book or find the `` Teach Yourself ... '' book online for free.I am about to buy the Builder 6 and RMA the Turbo C++ suite back to Borland for a refund . -LRB- Hint
 The game came in great condition at all , but it 's so old it does n't work on my gfs computer , and it runs on mine but without any sound .
 I purchased this product which says on the case that it is compatible with XP . When I installed it , it insisted on installing in the root directory . That is a holdover from DOS and a Windows program should n't do it . Then it wanted to install QuickTime v2.x , did n't recognize QuickTime v6 and refused to run without the older version . If you have a computer capable of running XP , find something else .
 This is advertised as being compatible with Mac OS . It is not.Do not order if you have a Mac computer .
 Limited Database and cheesy 3d graphics . Nice descriptions of the plants it does have , however . If you 're new to gardening and you want to explore shapes and heights , etc , this program is sort of okay . I would much rather start with a great program and grow into it . The problem is that such quality programs consistently cost well over $ 1,000 . Unfortunately I have yet to find anything better in the economy category than this , so if you 're going to buy one , it might as well be this one .
 This software was created in 1995 and updated in 1996 , and though it claims to be supported by Windows-XP it will only cause you grief . This gardening software `` requires '' and attempts to install QuickTime v2 .1.2 yet wo n't recognize QuickTime v5 or v6 and as such the gardening program refuses to even startup ; I 'm not about to abandon a newer version of Quick Time or Windows-XP just for this software -LRB- which is worthless to me -RRB- . It sounds good in the ad , but that 's where the good stops . The only good thing about it is if you toss it into the nearest fire or garbage crusher at least you wo n't be out too much money .
 This software is not of much use , especially if you are interested in xeriscaping.It may seem cheap but with shipping it does become expensive for what you get . Ideally I would like to buy the Home and Garden Designer software , but only if they had two extra funtions
 I received this and it does n't even state that it is for a Mac on the package , and it certainly would n't work on my IMac
 This software was listed as being compatible with Linux . It is n't . I have ordered other software for Linux that was actually specified as operating only with Windows . Apparently nobody understands software and as a result I have a couple programs purchased from Amazon that totally unusable . I will never purchase software from Amazon.com
 i got this assuming it would teach you the basics of playing rock guitar since in the review it said for people who have never held a guitar . the guy in the lessons is saying to play all these notes , if youve never held a guitar , how are you supposed to know whan an e minor is ? the only good thing in the is when you go to learn songs , you can slow the tempo down so it is easier to play . and you can start someone who doesnt know how to play guitar off by having them play crossroads .
 This is just barely tolerable . VERY superficial overview but somewhat fun and interactive . Well , that is , the two voices in the program , one male and one female seem to interact nicely . THAT 's as interactive as it gets . Overally , if it says HIGH ACHIEVER or QUICKSTUDY and it 's MATH-related , I would avoid it .
 This software does not work without 3D accelerated video card . I wish Amazon or Disney had mentioned that in their ad . Now my granddaughter has the program but can not use it .
 I had bought Jump Start Spanish and loved it for my 4 , 7 and 8 year old and wanted to get another more advanced Spanish software so I bought KidSpeak Spanish . I was so disappointed with it because the narator speaks castillian spanish -LRB- the way they speak spanish in Spain -RRB- . No where on the box nor in the description of the software did it say it was going to be castillian . Castillian spanish is not the common spanish that is used in USA -- buyers beware ! ...
 This program was written by an Australian company and merely redistributed by Transparent Language . I supose they must not have had their own product for the 12 and under age group . However , I think they have done a lot of damage to their reputation by putting their name on this product.The program looks like it was written over ten years ago for Windows 98 with 256 color graphics . It is very cartoony . It reminds me of the very first Putt Putt game -- but not as well done.The graphics are so bad that some of the objects in the pictures are unidentifiable . There is a retangular object they have amoung the school supplies which I could never figure out what it was supposed to be . In other pictures there is more than one object in the picture and there is no way of knowing what the vocabulary word is refering to . For example , they have a picture of a bug in a jar . You do n't know if the word identifying the picture refers to a bug in a jar , just the bug , or just the jar . This especially problematic in the body parts section . In one picture they show a parrot head which is identified as pico . `` Pico '' means beak . However , there is n't an arrow pointing to the beak , so the child could just as easily think it means parrot since they identify a couple of other species of birds in the previous section . Same problem when they show a picture of a foot but are refering to the toes , a horse leg when they are just refering to the hooves , etc. . Oh , and since this is an `` immersion '' program there are n't any English translations to clarify things.I took two years of Spanish in college and although my Spanish is very rusty , I still know a lot of vocabulary words . Even so , I found this program very confusing and the quality was less than of free , online games . This program is not worth $ 10 , much less $ 40 . Save your money . -LSB- It is interesting to note that not one of the 5 star reveiwers have reviewed any other products . Their reveiws read more like product descriptions or advertisements than reviews written by people talking about a product their children liked . I 'm not saying that these reviews were written by Transparent Language employees . I just find it strange that you would get such nonpersonal , glowing reviews for such a low quality product . -RSB-
 This software is really bad.Not even a single star.Waste of money.Rubbish !
 I bought this software on the recommendation of some software review site , and I must say my 9 year old daughter and I were disappointed . The graphics are sometimes hard to make out on the screen . -LRB- The animation altogether is n't very appealing at all , but that 's not why I bought it ... -RRB- And my daughter kept repeating , `` But I want to learn sentences ! '' It 's just an okay introduction if you want to learn the names of fruits and vegetables .
 I was very disappointed in this software . The voices of the animated characters are squeeky and they 're annoying to watch . The image on our screen is too small . Some of the activities are too difficult for an adult -LRB- the pick a door to find the correct animal is pointless -RRB- . My kids were bored quickly as was I and we learned very little . Now hunting for better software .
 We were moving to Japan and I was looking for computer software to get my kids -LRB- age 11 and 8 -RRB- started with basic words . This got high marks and included other languages so I bought it . We were very disappointed and the kids gave up on it . The problem is that it is difficult to understand the pronounciation of the words . The audio is just not clear.I later ordered Power Japanese , an adult software program , and we were much happier .
 I would rate it zero stars if I could . This is a horrible program . The graphics stink , and the audio is terrible ! STAY AWAY !!!!
 Dont buy this product even if its free!it really does nothing but take some space on your computer .
 A lot of people are tired of Norton Antivirus 2004 and NA2005 is same ... better buy another thing .
 I tried to upgrade Norton AntiVirus from version 2003 to 2005 on WindowsXP , but the installation hung . I had no other programs running . Then I tried to uninstall Norton AntiVirus 2003 from the Add/Remove Programs and nothing would happen . I tried reinstalling 2005 from the CD . No success . I had to manually remove the 2003 software locally and from the registry . What finally allowed me to install 2005 completely was after I removed the Norton AntiVirus key from the following location
 Norton came with my computer but after several years they would no longer allow me to renew my annual subscription so I purchased Norton 2005 . It worked well for four weeks and then began to have update errors . I went to the website found the error , followed the directions for the fix , and that does not work.I called tech support and found that unless I purchase a `` priority pass '' I can wait over 20 minutes on hold every time I call.I have already wasted more money -LRB- time unproductive -RRB- than the product cost at full retail.You are warned.Julian
 I paid for an upgrade to AV 2005 from 2003 and have not been able to install it , despite numerous attempts and different pieces of advice from Symantec.I am now without any anti-virus having deleted 2003 as part of the upgrade instructions . Do not go near this product .
 Avoid Norton . Run Away . If you must have , I just priced NAV 2005 at local Walmart for $ 39.99 + tax , with the same $ 20 upgrade rebate available . However , I got it at OfficeDepot for $ 13 after tax and rebates a couple months ago . It 's not worth that . It installed fine according to the `` successful '' message at the end of the process . LiveUpdate will connect to Symantec and download updates but aborts in the update installation process . Error message refers me to Symantec web page which contains 8 printed pages of instructions on how to fix the problem . The fix does n't work . My next option is to phone their tech support -LRB- in India ?!! -RRB- at $ 30 per call . I 'm not ready to invest $ 30 in a piece of crap that is n't worth $ 13 to start with . Symantec has seen the last of me . First time shame on them . Second time shame on me . I 'm glad I 'm only out $ 13 and a lot of my time .
 I ca n't honestly review the product itself , because I could neverget it installed . I started with upgrade download which produced invalid A8KEY message . Support told me to go buy a retail version and refunded my money for download . Retail version produced same error message . Suppport help get rid of that message by having me activate via phone . But then the new error message was `` trial period has expired '' . Support then had me delete all references to prior Symantec products . This included such customer friendly tasks as editing the registry . Support assured me this would solve the problem . Nope , back to A8KEY message . I then tried to return the product to Best Buy . All they would do is give me another copy to try . No luck . Same A8KEY message . The retail version also involves a rebate scam . A scam because you need proof of prior version . Catch 22 , the upgrade install eliminated any proof of my prior ownership . Anyway , $ 50 down the drain . No more Symantec products for me . I 'm trying F-Prot , which seems to work so far and requires no activation key .
 After 6 days of trying to install Norton Anti virus on Windows 2000 Service Pack 4 , I have given up . The product causes a blue screen on SAVRT.SYS every time I reboot . I tried everything on the Symantec 's support web site and I still get a blue screen . The product wo n't even uninstall correctly . Norton 2000 worked fine on my system , but NAV 2005 is a mistake . I am now trying to get a refund . If you are running Windows 2000 SP4 and want to lose $ 49 and like the color blue , then buy and install this product . Otherwise stay away .
 I should n't have to give up performance for security !!! I have an 3.4 GHz P4 overclocked to 4GHz and one Gibayte of PC4000 RAM . After I installed this antivirus I noticed that even though I was only surfing the Internet , my computer was experiencing a slow-down . I went into Task Manager and found out that Norton Antivirus 2005 and all the many other services that comes with it are using up 50 % of my CPU and 400MB of my RAM . I could not even play Half-life , Unreal Tournament and other games at the speed that I used because of this software.Needless to say I had to uninstall this software and revert back to PANDA 2004 . I do n't need a software that is Memory and CPU hungry even when I 'm only surfing the net.I 'm very disappointed with Symantec . Their 2004 Antivirus caused some of my Java-based programs to not work and now the 2005 Antivirus is even worse . It 's a waste of money.Needless to say other security software like Mcafee are also making their software more resource demanding .
 I installed this shortly after getting it , but it does n't work at all . I click on it and try to open it and it just does n't work . It was a waste of money .
 I got this program when buying a new laptop after a salesperson at BestBuy recommended it . The `` GeekSquad '' guy there installed it for me , which cost me 30 or so bucks and several hrs of waiting because the `` Geeks '' had a problem with installation of this junk . A couple of days later upon downloading the DSL software , the computer promply crashed . I had to back-up everything and run the recovery . I did not reinstall Norton antivirus at that time , the computer worked fine after that . When asked , the `` Geeks '' told me that I should install ALL my programs and upgrades first and then reinstall Norton again . I was stupid enough to do just that ! My computer slowed down to a crawl immediately . It would not respond to any commands . AND I could not uninstall the Norton junk . So now the `` Geeks '' at BestBuy have to uninstall the Norton junk for me and it will only take them 5-7 days !!! My advise - RUN away from Norton Antivirus as fast as you can ! If you have a copy of one - destroy it and scatter the ashes .
 Norton Antivirus 2005 only has added an incomplete firewall called IWP . Basically no other new features . Highly not recommanded for users with Windows XP .
 Our new Gateway came with Win XP Pro -LRB- upgraded -RRB- and MS Office 2000 Basic . We ordered NAV 2005 with the computer and received it in a separate shipment . We were able to setup the computer fine . We installed ZoneAlarm firewall software fine . We then - tried - to install NAV 2005 - not fine.On the first try , it hung while `` installing components '' . After 20 minutes of no activity from our 3GB P4/512MB machine , we ended the `` not responding '' install from the task manager . -LRB- We granted firewall internet access to LiveUpdate when asked and we have DSL , so we 're pretty sure it was n't waiting for the net . -RRB- Ending the job generated an error report for Microsoft.The second try actually performed an uninstall , which ran to completion.The third try resulted in multiple error messages for missing components -LRB- saying that default values would be used -RRB- and another error report for Microsoft , but ran to completion . It looked like we made it . LiveUpdate ran , downloaded some updates , and appeared to install them without incident.Upon restarting the computer for the umteenth time , NAV started scanning files which took several minutes . Then an error message appeared advising that the installation was corrupt and that we should uninstall NAV and reinstall it . Ugh!Update 1/26/2005
 If only I had read these reviews before I downloaded this product , I might have saved myself money , time , and great frustration . If you are an SBC DSL user - DO NOT USE THIS SOFTWARE - it will prevent you from being able to connect.Worse , you can NOT get through to them for help . I spent 30 minutes on HOLD twice and finally gave up both times - and I even had gotten a `` priority '' case number -LRB- if I 'd gotten through they want to charge you $ 29.95 -RRB- . I 've never experienced a worse result from a product , and the impossibility of getting through to get help for it . The only thing that 's making me feel any better is telling everyone I know to not buy this product !
 Do not purchase or upgrade . My subscription was up so I decided to spend the extra $ 10 and upgrade . Good idea ? Not ! I 've spent over three hours already attempting install and I am very computer capable . If you have problems , plan on waiting on hold for a lengthy period of time and then speak to a person from India who you will struggle to understand . Needless to say I am outraged . To top it off , the tech support rep lied by saying he was going to send me a document by email , within a half hour , which will fix my problem . Ten hours later , no document . Symantec blew me off ! Stay away !
 If Norton Antivirus will not function , Symantec refers it 's customers to an online form to be completed and then submitted . Unfortunately , the form requires an account I.D. number which you can not get unless you start Norton Antivirus which does not work which is why you are submitting the form in the first place . Therefore , Symantec customers are helpless unless they want to pay $ 29.95 per incident to talk to a customer service representative by phone .
 I have installed this product on 5 computers now , and I can say 3 were with no instillation problems , yet the other 2 were in line with many other reviews of this product.But I have to go one step further , my main problem with the new version of Norton is it uses far too much resources , too much memory . I myself is still running Norton 2002 , I know that 2004 is also a great product , but from my recent experiance believe that 2005 is not worth it , unless you have lots of RAM and are willing to roll the dice on the installation . Good luck ... Oh If I may add one thing : Eventhough Norton 2005 in my opinion is not as well built as it 's earlier versions , i still it is far better that it 's cousin McAfee . I encountered a PC with Mcafee instaled -LRB- XP installed and only had 128 MB RAM -RRB- the PC was hardly responding and took ages to startup , once that was un installed , and norton 2004 installed the PC was running much better in all aspects . So I would stil recomend Norton over McAfee.There are other Anti-Virus programs available out there , so if you opt not to buy norton 2005 nor McAfee then do some research and I am sure you will find one that will meet your needs.Layth
 We had Norton AntiVirus 2002 on our machine , uninstalled it as per the 2005 directions , installed 2005 . Yet LiveUpdate claims we only have 2002 installed still and tells us our subscription -LRB- which should have a brand new year coming because we just installed 2005 -RRB- is expired . Does n't even give us the option of buying a new subscription for 2005 ; according to it , we on ; y have 2002 -LRB- which has been uninstalled -RRB- . No help from Symantec , no support . This is useless , and I understand many people have installation problems . DO N'T BUY IT !
 This is the worst single experience I have had with computer software in thirty years . Like food poisoning , the pain just goes on and on.I have a one-year old PC running WIN2000 Pro . I had Norton Systemworks 2004 on it and the subscription was expiring . So I bought Norton Antivirus 2005 thinking it was a good deal over just renewing my subscription.Blue Screens of Death began as soon as I tried to reboot after it seemed to install just fine . It destroyed hundreds of files , something that I have never experienced with any crash in my life -LRB- other than an actual hard drive failure -RRB- . An hour on the phone with tech support consisted of having me remove registry keys and folders -LRB- Norton fills the registry with hundreds of keys -RRB- . When that failed to repair my machine , I was told it was not their fault since everything had been removed and it was still failing.I said this is like you ran over me with your car and then you back up and say my injuries can not be your fault because your car is no longer on top of me . He laughed , but stuck by his story.I ended up having to reformat my hard drive and completely reinstall everything , which of course took days.Then , I did the most insane thing
 DO NOT BUY even if they give you this program for free . I have used Norton Symantec for the last eight years , but not any more . If this were any other company , this version would have been pulled from the market long ago . Unless Symantec is purposely attempting to lose its customer base , I can see no other reason to continue to offer 2005 for sale.Everything negative that has been posted here is true . I tried everything that Symantec suggested on their tech support web page , including a download that was to have solved my problem in activation.After the third unsuccessful install/uninstall process , I got a dialog box informing me that my trial period was up . I am awaiting an answer to my message to tech support , but have no hopes of ever getting this program installed and working . I only hope that in eight weeks , I get my two rebates ... that way it will have only cost me $ 4.99 and a day and a half 's time to get my computer back to normal.Having uninstalled Norton version 2002 prior to attempting to install 2005 , I found myself without an antivirus program . I downloaded , and am using AVG Professional 7 Trial . I 'm leaning toward purchasing this product ... $ 33.00 for a two year period . Not a memory hog , does what it is supposed to do . Easy install , great tech support .
 It is hard to explain in words the frustration and nightmare caused by this `` so called '' anti-virus software . Like many comments posted earlier , I have to agree that this piece of software is no different from a dead sewer rat . You do not want to put these in your computer - it will only make your life miserable . Here is what it boils down to.I have been using Norton 's antivirus software for the last 5 years and have purchased the 2002 , 2004 , and 2005 versions . I was quite the loyal fan until now.The system I 'm using is a Toshiba Tecra laptop , 1.7 GHz Centrino , 1 GB RAM , 60G HD , had Norton 2004 previously installed .1 . Installation was torture - installing from Norton 2004 to the 2005 version was long and terrifying . After 3 attempts it finally installed `` successfully '' .2 . Running Norton 2005 was HELL - the software crashes constantly -LRB- 3-5 times a week -RRB- , forcing me to restart my computer everytime . During the times where it does work , Norton 2005 does not detect the some of the basic trojan horse viruses not to mention help remove these viruses as marketed on their packaging . -LRB- This failure to detect some common viruses was also true when I was using Norton antivirus 2004 . Thought the 2005 version would be better ... thought wrong -RRB- 3 . Uninstalling NAV 2005 the right way - that is to format your computer . Trying to uninstall this software was just as painful as installing it or running it . Bits and pieces of the software still lingers in the operating system and registry which is impossible to get rid of . You will only find yourself blanketed tightly with distress unless you format your computer.Conclusion - STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS . Giving 1 star is already over rating this product 100 times than what it deserves . Even if Symantec PAYS for me to use any of their software in the future , I 'd have to reply a HELLS NO to them -LRB- unless of course , it is enough for me to buy a new and better computer -RRB- . Getting any other antivirus software would be a millions times better . PC-cillin , Zone Alarm -LRB- which I am currently using and is working VERY well -RRB- , or McAfee are some other choices you may look into before you find yourself troubled with NAV 2005 . I still can not believe how on God 's beautiful earth could anyone be so hideous and sell such garbage !! What a scam !! What scumbags !!! What a piece of SH # % this is !!!
 I just wrapped up EIGHT HOURS -LRB- okay , so I got obsessive -RRB- of trying to get Norton Antivirus 2005 to install . Crazy.Did I follow the instructions in the manual ? Yes . The prompts ? Yes . A step or two from being done ... would it `` Activate '' so I could use it ? NO . Just sat there . Over and over after several install/uninstall attempts.Did I go to the Symantec website and do every little thing suggested to get it to work ? Yes . Download this , change this setting ? Yes . Did any of that work ? NO . Did `` Live Update '' solve the problem ? No.Did I do what must have been over TWENTY reboots to follow Symantec 's various support suggestions ? Yes . Did I follow Symantec 's instructions to the letter ? Yes , yes , yes . But I got nowhere.Will I ever buy another Symantec product ? After this I ca n't see why . I switched to Executive Software 's Diskeeper for defragging years ago -LRB- it totally ROCKS -RRB- . Now bye to NAV . The Norton brand used to be such an easy choice.Do a search on `` Norton Antivirus 2005 activation problem '' and you 'll find even more stories of trouble than are posted in these reviews . It sounds like XP SP2 is the issue , but I have SP2 and everything else on my machine is FINE.At least Symantec 's help pages give you a step by step tutorial on how to rid your computer of NAV 2005 's files , folders , and registry keys.End note
 I purchased the Norton Anti Virus about 3 weeks after updating my computer from Windows ME to Windows XP . I had trouble installing it but I had an old edition of Norton Antivirus already -LRB- 2000 version -RRB- . When I finally got it installed , I then had problems with a loud irritating noise coming from my speakers . I have spend countless hours on the phone with Microsoft and Dell trying to fix this problem . I still have not resolved the problem . I am not sure whether it is the Norton Anitvirus program or not , but I did not have this problem until installing the Norton Antivirus 2005 program .
 I bought it for 45 USD in Turkey . After some installation , the product did not accept authantication because of `` you aproached to the limit of your installation number '' . What a silly condition ! If I bought it , I want to be able to install it on the same computer , whenever I want it . I dropped it to trashcan and I have downloaded `` Avast ! anti virus programme home edition '' for free ! Additionnally It is better than Norton .
 The main problem with NAV 2k5 is the performance effect it has on a PC . I reformatted my HDD , reinstalled XP and wow , I was reminded how quick my PC can be . The minute NAV 2005 was installed everything became almost twice as slow . This is unacceptable for me . You can not reconfigure this . In addition you will come across problems like ` ccApp is not responding ' often . Take a look at F-Prot and PC-Cillin .
 This came pre-loaded on my wife 's new laptop . I was not very happy with the laptop as it was way too slow -LRB- AMD 3000 , 1g RAM -RRB- and about to take it back . On a hunch , I uninstalled the Norton Suite -LRB- demo license -RRB- and the machine booted up in seconds rather than minutes . Everything on this machine executes quickly now . That 's enough for me . Do what I did , get a copy of Avast ! -LRB- which is free to home users , but I 'd pay for it -RRB- and be done with the performance hit .
 If you want the best Anti-Virus hands down you want Kaspersky . Kaspersky has the best detection rate in the industry OR if you do n't want Kaspersky , McAfee has the 2nd best detection rate in the industry . I do n't recommend anyone other than Kaspersky or McAfee . ** Update ** I used Norton for a year and a half , and would NEVER go back ! Norton had a tendency to let viruses onto the PC . . Infact once a red window popped up informing me a virus was found , but it did n't do anything about it ... Literally just let it onto the PC and scanning the HD did n't do lift this virus . I used Panda to scan my PC and it found 5 other viruses Norton did n't tell me about and it also took off the viruses Norton was so kind as to tell me about , but not do anything about . I 've been a HAPPY McAfee user for 2 years now ... The detection rate is awesome and its light on my PC 's resources . Now I 've had good luck with McAfee and I know others HATE McAfee so here are some other great Norton alternatives . . ~ ~ Kaspersky , NOD32 , and Panda ~ ~ I really woud n't trust PC-Cillin by Trend because they have a HORRILBE detection rate . I 'm not sure why trend is becoming so popular .
 I loaded Norton Anti-virus 2005 onto my laptop and after restarting , everything slowed to a snails pace . It took 15 minutes to boot up after I loaded NAV2005 . When I uninstalled it , I was back to my 3 minute boot up time . Come on Norton can do better than this !!!
 I am a very avid computer user ; I have built multiple computers from OEM components , done tech support , and I also write programs . I have used Norton/Symantec AV programs in the past , and let me tell you , they are absolutely worthless . Panda or Kaspersky or even the free avast ! AV programs are far superior to any product that I have seen Norton put out . I would strongly advise anyone considering this product to look elsewhere .
 This is not likely to be put on line ... I searched for a FREE trial anti virus program and got all of these for sale.Who can believe anyone anymore ?!
 What a piece of crap ! I had been using these `` Norton '' products for years . -LRB- Since the REAL NORTON was around -RRB- . The products , including this one are so buggy that you will have serious problems after you install them . They give you bug fixes , updates , etc. . Every time you install or update them , it keeps getting worse and you have to actually reinstall the product many times . After you have reinstalled the product 5 times you are then told that you have installed this the maximum amount and will no longer function . I sent emails etc. and got no response . You could call , but they make you pay for support . Stay away from this product . Guess they are now off shoring these products , because it is a real stinker !!! Do n't say you were not warned . Good bye Symantec . Never again . The REAL NORTON would not have let this out the door .
 I removed this from my computer long ago and made sure to break the disc so that no one else could ever install this horrid software . But I am compelled to write this review just to remind any potential users to never use this product . As others have said in reviewing NAV 2005 , I have had viruses that caused fewer problems than this software .
 When I heard NA 2005 is coming out I was so happy because I heard its the best antivirus protection . I WAS WRONG ! You see NA 2005 doesnt even find all the viruses , and if it does it just deletes them . And if you dont know deleting viruses doesnt help because they come back . The only good thing about NA 2005 is that it protects your computer from big viruses like Trojen viruses . Anyways dont waste so much money on some crapy product . Shure you heard that its the best solutions aginst viruses , well its not true . If you want a good anti virus programs I would suggest you get Ad-Aware which protects you agins Ad-Aware viruses . -LRB- and if im correct , you can download this program for free -RRB- Or get Spy Sweeper which protects you aginst Spyware viruses . Also NA 2005 lags your computer . So to get to my point , DONT GET NA 2005 !!! Everyone who says this program is bad , they are right % 100 .
 Over the last several days I spent over 5 hours with techs from India -LRB- nice people -RRB- trying to `` fix '' Norton Anti-virus 2005 . They wanted to spend another hour or so with me and I said I 've had enough -- I just want a new product sent to me . The site they sent me to wants me to mail everything back , including my receipts , fill out a form , etc. , wait 5-6 weeks . And can I talk to anyone at Symantec about my frustration and anger ? Of course not ! Try their web site and see if there 's any way at all you can talk to a human being and get the customer service you should be able to get after you spend 5 hours of your time trying to help them fix their crappy product . I have 4 computers and , when current subscriptions run out , I absolutely will switch to another company for my security needs . Symantec has proven to me once and for all they do n't give a rat 's behind about the customer . OK , guess what , I do n't care about them either . I hope they go broke with their arrogant `` hide from complaints at all costs '' attitude .
 Man what a problem this software created . Upon installation it deleted my very well running copy of Norton 's Antivirus 2004 . My system was slowed down so much it was like having an old 286 processor again . The crashes were mounting and `` customer no support '' if you can find it on the site was absolutely no help at all . Had to uninstall the product which is when I found the Antivirus Ver 4 . was gone and I had no virus protection . Then to top everything off I dug out the AV 4 . disk and found it had been cracked . Naturally Symantec refused to help resolve the problem I would not have had if I had not installed AV 2005 . Every time I tried to tell the software that an email was not spam it would lock up the system requiring a re-boot . AV 2005 is gone and is my AV ver .4 Still waiting on credit from them on my credit card . Purchasing a competitors product even though I have used Norton 's since they first came out.THIS SOFTWARE IS GARBAGE ... . DO NOT BUY IT AND IF YOU DID DO NOT INSTALL IT . Much better off keeping ver . 4 and keeping your subscription unless like me you can not replace AV Ver . 4 . and you are simply screwed .
 I used to be a big fan of Norton but now , I can see what quality dreck they put out . What a frustrating waste of time , money , and effort to try to get this thing to run .
 I purchased this product o/a 26 September 2005 and attempted to install it o/a 15 October 2005 . It would not install as it recognized the Norton 2005 previously installed on my computer . It would not accept the new Key number , indicating a new subscription and would not process Live Updates . I spent the weekend talking to Norton , sending e mails etc to little avail . To compound the problem , I received an E Mail from Amazon advising of the release of Norton AntiVirus 2006 and would I like a copy ? Needless to say I am not too happy with Norton . The product is outstanding but the 2005 version should have been pulled and not sold at this late date knowing that it would be a problem . The Norton solution
 I installed Norton AntiVirus 2005 on Windows 98SE with a working Linksys network card in place . It collapsed my wireless network connection and caused my system to reject current hardware when a reinstall was attempted.This anti-virus software is so pervasive I still have not gotten it completely uninstalled.I eventually got my network connection back , tried to reinstall Norton `` just in case I had misjudged the effect '' and the system failure recurred . I have used Norton before with success but it 's a bad combination with Linksys and Windows 98SE
 Program freezes up your computer as soon as it is loaded and restart . Could n't get it unloaded from Windows . I would stay away from it . I think you are better off with a Mac or the virus .
 I have been a user of Norton Utilities since Version 1.1 in 1984 and I have been smugly proud of how this product has aced reviews of PC utilities for all these years . So , I was confident of findling no problems when I began assisting my church office , run by computer novices , asked for my assistance in installing this latest version of Norton Antivirus . I was really floored by the string of difficulties I found with this product.On the face of it , the product is packaged with all the appearance of being an easy to use software among an impressive array of Norton / Symantec products on our local Staples software shelves . Nothing is further from the truth.The initial symptom was that the banner screen comes up upon launching the CD and the product promptly dies when one clicks on the command to install the product . I went to Symantec 's Internet support site and found a three page monograph on all the different things which may cause this problem . My relief at finding these solutions was mitigated by the fact that the problem was so well known to Symantec without its being corrected in the product as distributed to a trusting public.I succeeded in getting over this problem by using techniques which are frankly quite beyond the product 's target audience -LRB- everyone with a PC -RRB- . With great anticipation , I clicked on the icon to run the program and faced a similar deadly silence from the product.I returned to the diagnostics library and found an even longer monograph on how to solve this new product . The techniques involved in these solutions were even more arcane . After some very appropriate soul searching , I recommended to my church that we transfer our faith to McAFee . I purchased their corresponding product for the identical price and McAfee installed and ran without a hitch.Now I must say that Norton 's problems on our machine were due to some error made by a novice installer of the 2004 product , but it would seem to me that a product of Norton 's sophistication should be able to very easily circumvent this user ineptness.I may continue using Norton Utilities , but here and in all other cases where anyone asks my opinion , I will warn them away from Symantec antivirus products .
 I pay for three Norton AV subscriptions on my machines - I 've received viruses on two of them . I type this while on hold with Norton Tech Support , hour number three . I 've spoken with four support techs so far , each accent worse than the first -LRB- keep in mind I had to sit through nine different automated menus , and was on hold for 45 minutes - non-toll free - before I ever heard a human voice -RRB- . After getting one run around after the other , I am now informed that to remove the virus their program failed to protect me from , I must pay them . Now , I do n't know about you , but I would expect an ANTI-VIRUS program to keep my computer safe from these malicious little programs . Guess that 's not Norton 's philosophy . Hello McAffee , here I come .
 Yesterday , I tried to uninstall Norton Antivirus 2002 in order to replace it with NAV 2005 . Uninstall loaded and ran and claimed to have done its job.Then I tried to reboot . Result ? Two registry errors , a warning from NAV 's resident program -LRB- which had n't been removed -RRB- , three blue-screen errors , a `` system destabilized '' error , and a full system crash.It took a dozen reboots , a manual search and purge of every Norton and Symantec file on my machine , - and - a crash course in REGEDIT to get the last of NAV off my hard drive.I 've returned NAV 2005 and replaced it with PC-Cillin Internet Security -- for about half the price of a one-year NAV subscription .
 I was very happy with Norton 2001 . I had no virus problems , it was easy to use , and made sense . I would resubscribe every year and recommended the product to friends and family . However , this year , the Norton site allowed me no way to renew my subscription online so I was forced to upgrade to Norton 2005 . I downloaded and installed NAV 2005 which seemed to have taken an inordinate amount of time . Then , my email began constantly timing out which would cause me to reboot . My system continually locked up . Every time the software would examine a file , I got up a pop-up . It seemed that the anti-virus software was acting like a virus!I finally uninstalled 2005 , filled out a refund form online , and reinstalled 2001 and things worked fine again and my system ran smoother and faster . I called the Norton 1-800-441-7234 to renew my subscription but was told by someone in India that I should upgrade to NAV 2005 . I told them about how severly it impacted my computer and the only response was `` Perhaps you should upgrade to Norton 2005 '' . I once loved my Norton product but now I am filled with loathing .
 Few things should be rudimentary than updating existing software in an up to date windows computer . Yet , Norton could not do it . Their 2005 anti virus version simply did not install cleanly , apparently because the 2005 version does not completely uninstall the 2004 version as it is supposed to on an Windows xp computer.Making matters worse , it became apparent that the problem is widespread in this most typical of operations . Yet , Norton has done nothing about this most forseeable of problems , allowing its customers to buy uninstallable updates without warning.Making matters worse , it is all but impossible to connect with tech support . After waiting on hold for more than an hour to connect a no nothing `` tech support '' , you are left with a `` techies '' whose accents are so extreme that you ca n't understand them and they certainly do not understand you.They do not walk you through a problem , but look up the problem and say they will email you a step by step guide on how to fix the problem . Sometimes they send the email , sometimes they do n't . The email instructions of course never do directly address the peculiarites of the problem exactly which is why you called tech support in the first place in the hope that they would walk you through the problem and avoid the little glitches that are inevitable . Of course , since the `` techie '' does n't really understand computers and is no longer on the phone in any event , the problem remains unsolved whether you get the email or not or whether you 've reached tech support or not.After 6 or 7 calls to this make believe tech support for a problem that should have been handled before distributing the update in the first place and after waiting on the phone in aggregate in excess of 5 or 6 hours , not to mention the hours trying to uninstall and reinstall and unworkable program , I 've given up . I 'm going elsewhere . I advise you to do so too . If a company ca n't prepare an update or provide tech support , do you really expect that they will find a virus ?
 It has been a nightmare ever since I attempted to install the Anti Virus software . The installation was not successful . Why , I do n't know I never received an error message . So I uninstalled it.I guess I did n't . I found that out when I attempted to install it again . It never asked me for the serial number !! It just reinstalled it!So after wasting an hour of installing and reinstalling I decided to call support . Ha ! Now you have to pay for support . I remember when you did n't have to pay for the first couple of calls.Go to their `` knowledge base '' NOTHING MUCH IS IN IT!I am spitting nails !
 I have used Norton for years and when I bought about 3 2005 antivirus systemworks for my home and office computers , I had nothing but trouble on all the computers ! I had to install and uninstall a few times and then finally hire a computer tech to fix the issues . I did not want to PAY Symantec to fix the issue for me and I was so frustrated that I bought so many and had to deal with weeks of problems . My son downloaded a renewal from their website and had the same problem . None of us could get online after the download and the computers were SO SLOW when they finally did start working . I ca n't believe Symantec charges a fee to answer questions on their product ??!!! That just takes the friggin ' cake . I will never buy this product again .
 I have had more trouble with this `` dog '' relative to installation and protection , not to mention customer non-service . Sometimes it is enabled , sometimes it is disabled . Read the other comments on this . I 've been using Norton for years and had no problems . This is a step back to the dark ages . It took 2 hours and several calls on line to get to customer service . I 've spoken to people in India for customer service with Microsoft or Dell . No problem . These people must have been chosen for their inablility to communicate . Want a joke . Call Symantec and you 're going to be put in push-button hell . They tell you how to get a priority service number on line . It must be a stealth site . The site give no priority number whatsoever . I am now convinced and will switch to McAfee and cross it off to a bad investment .
 Symantec products are getting worse and worse each year , and Peter Norton should be ashamed of selling his erstwhile good name out for a few bucks to a company that does not care about its customers . -LRB- For those who do n't know , Peter Norton made a name for himself in the 80s by co-writing a bunch of useful programs called Norton Utilities for MS-DOS and also writing a bunch easy-to-read reference books on PCs and DOS . -RRB- The latest version of Norton Antivirus is simply the worst . It requires activation , but that 's the least of its sins . Scanning is slow , and it misses lots of trojans and worms . It also takes up a huge chunk of RAM , and occasionally can crash , esp . doing live update . Speaking of which , the product installs lots of useless programs without your permission . In short , Norton Antivirus is a big piece of spyware.STAY AWAY , STAY AWAY!And Symantec has the nerves to charge you lots of money for annual update subscriptions . If you do n't update , a reminder will pop up often to remind you not so gently.Luckily , a free , full-featured alternative exists . It 's called AVG and available from a company called Grisoft -LRB- grisoft.com -RRB- . It 's completely free for personal use -LRB- i.e. , do n't run it on your SOHO or office PC or you 'll be violating the end-user agreement -RRB- . It updates daily or almost daily . I 've been running the older version 6 and lately the new version 7 for a long time and it has never caused any problems . It 's very effective . -LRB- Too bad the new version has a less friendly user interface than version 6 , but seems to be slightly faster in scanning . -RRB- No , I do n't work for Grisoft or know anyone who works there . I just appreciate their free program that works well . They 've been around for a while and many magazines have reviewed the free AVG -LRB- = `` anti virus guard '' ? -RRB- , so AVG is a safe program . I just hope enough business users buy their premium version to keep the free edition going for many years to come .
 I just purchased the 2005 upgrade -LRB- from 2003 -RRB- and now get ccRegVfy error messages every time I boot up . I followed a long list of instructions from tech support and got the same result . Looks like this is going to be a long haul.I recommend DO N'T upgrade until the fixes are issued .
 I 've used NAV for several years . I tried to install NAV on a brand new computer . What a nightmare . NAV will not install properly . I kept getting this Error
 I am a very experienced technical person when it comes to software installs and configurations . This product is the worst I have come across in a long time . I 'm sure it will probably install on a clean system with no other programs running , but that is not a real world situation for a commercial product . Just do a search on the internet for 3019,5 as well as 3019,1 and you will see more than enough discussions about problems with this product . I even spent time on the phone with their pay -LRB- outsourced , know nothings -RRB- and they admitted to me they get plenty of these types of calls which they are not able to charge for since it is product related . Save yourself some time and energy and aviod this defective product .
 What 's unfortunate is that I 've tried several virus programs , and Norton is the best , in my opinion , in terms of what it catches . You just ca n't use this version of Norton unless you have one of the newest computers . This version is not functional on computers that did not come out in the last year , maybe two . My lap top is about 4 years old , and 2005 slows it down considerably . My other computer is 5 years old , and installing 2005 on it made it incredibly slow and froze it non-stop . It rendered that computer unusable . I did n't want to uninstall 2005 on either computer , because we spent $ 50 for it ! Finally , I got irritated enough to just take a loss on it , and now I love the way my lap top runs and my other computer is no longer freezing every 5 seconds and moving slower than great-great grandma . I 've decided to just use AVG and scan through Norton 's site for free , although I hate having to manually remove viruses and that kind of thing . In order to use 2005 , your computer just has to have a lot of memory -LRB- I would say at least 512MB -RRB- ... AND it has to have a lot of free hard drive space . After I deleted 2005 from my lap top , I noticed an extra 4GB on my hard drive space ... AMAZING . Norton is constantly downloading on your hard drive and communicating with its servers , which is some of the cause for it screwing with your computer . The older versions of Norton gave my computers problems , but NOT LIKE 2005 DOES . And , as others have mentioned , you do experience problems getting 2005 to even INSTALL . On my lap top , when I first tried to install it , it kept telling me a file I needed was missing on my lap top . Well , I went back and popped in my Norton 2002 CD and that installed again , no problem . Finally , I ca n't remember how , but I get 2005 to install , and then I start having problems with running LiveUpdate , which is the program that is part of Norton that updates virus definitions when new viruses appear . I was constantly getting error messages and ended up having to figure out how to re-install LiveUpdate . On my other computer , I was just NEVER able to get LiveUpdate to work . Nothing I tried worked . Also , 2005 causes problems with other programs you have on your computer sometimes . I subscribe to one of those music download programs , and not long after installing 2005 , every time I tried to start that music program my screen would go black . If you have programs , you 'll notice a lot of time when you go to their faq or help files that they will list Norton as sometimes causing problems or conflicting with that program...TA-DA , guess what I found in that music program 's faq ?! You just do NOT want to pay $ 50 for this . It just takes over your computer because it REALLY requires a LOT more to run than Norton claims it does -- they are just trying to make money . If you do n't have a lot of memory , I promise you this program will take over your computer . Get a free version of AVG and do scans through Norton 's site , if you have serious virus problems . If you do n't , you could probably just get away with using Norton 's site every once in a while or when you suspect you have a virus . Do not use McAfee -- they do n't do a good job of catching viruses , either , and I also experienced problems with McAfee -LRB- such as my lap top freezing every time I tried to open certain folders and some slowdown -RRB- , though not to the extent of with 2005 . AVG is less intrusive , in edition to being FREE , than either Norton or McAfee , and it is probably the 2nd most effective in finding viruses , after Norton .
 I had one heckuva time working around a Norton AntiVirus 2005 incompatibility with Office XP . I got this nasty message when I launched Word or Excel
 After installing NAV 5 , a whole slew of games of mine would crash by locking up computer . I had to hard boot to get things back in order . I took me serveral attempts trying different graphic drivers and hardware components to track down the cause . On a hunch , I uninstalled NAV and installed avast ! 5.0 . Since then , my computer has been running like a champ.NAV is expensive and it just does not work right -LRB- much in the same way as their Norton Works did n't -RRB- . I recommend avast ! 5.0 , but there are several other highly recommnened and cheaper anti-virus solutions on site like download.com and tucows.com
 I 've been using NAV happily for a number of years but recently upgraded to 2005 . Big mistake ! This piece of junk crashed my computer , messed up my internet access , and cost me 8 hours of time to figure out the problem , uninstall/reinstall X 5 and finally reinstall Windows XP . I dutifully followed Symantec 's tech support advice -LRB- which required messing with the registry -RRB- to no avail.On a positive note , I did install this successfully on a desktop computer at the same time and it seems to be running fine there . All the problems were on a 2 year old Dell Inspiron 4150 notebook.I have since bought EZ Antivirus by Computer Associates and am exceedly happy.Bye bye , Norton .
 I had this installed on my pc and all was well until a pop up message told me that an attack had been made on my pc . All it told me was that it was a trojan and nothing else , such as the name . I contacted their support only to be told that they wanted even more money for them to put me through to someone that would help me remove the virus if I still had it on the system!I then said that I was not happy about this so then they told me that I could do it myself by going to a link they gave me and searching for the name of the virus.I explained to them , yet again that the report did not give me a name of the virus . Guess what the anwser was - yes that 's right they asked for a payment again to tell me if I had got a virus or not and how to remove it if I had!Asking them what was the point in buying their product in the first place was I had the anwser that when you subcribe to them you only buy the product and 12 months worth of virus definitions , but if you wanted to remove a virus then that was a different department and help removing a virus would require a payment !!!!!! I removed their product after they failed to help.I was totally unimpressed with their service to say the least . Thank you Norton for nothing `` have a nice day ! ''
 I 'm very grateful that I read these reader reviews before I renewed my Norton 2005 Antivirus . I do have ME & I thought all my problems were just ME . Then I read that it 's the combo of Norton & ME ! ALL the problems people were describing , were mine also -LRB- Systems freezes , failed shutdowns , error pop ups , run out of RAM frequently , even though I installed more -RRB- For months , I could n't run Live UpDate , I coul n't run scan disk or defrag . I 'm afraid I spent most of the year trying to fix my computer ! I SO identified with those who said that Norton IS the Virus ! I had trouble deleting it too , but SECURITY SHIELD gave good tips for that . -LRB- After ADD/Remove , go to MyComputer-CDrive-ProgramFiles-Common Files , delete Norton/Symantec & if needed , rename file & drag it to desktop Recycle Bin & Empty that . It worked ! So far PCSecurity Shield -LRB- ViRobot -RRB- is working just fine for me .
 1 - Unthinkable high consumption of resource2 - Can not uninstall without extra complex process which is difficult to find even in thier web site , just to raise switching cost for users3 - Very few options of custom settings4 - Not timely updates5 - High sensitivity that rejects even non-virus file and deletes it
 Listen to those early people . It is poor software . It does improve with patches , etc. but it has been finicky the entire time I have had it and I do n't think I will use Norton again if I can avoid it . Also , it was absolutely impossible to get real help with resolving the issues . I would recommend against it .
 This is a buyer beware alert . I bought the upgrade that comes with a mail-in rebate . Because I have been ripped off before I was very careful and thorough . I sent all the required components , including invoice , proof of purchase -LRB- the box end flap -RRB- , and proof of previous version -LRB- the original CD -RRB- . Symantec still denied me . I am weary of the tech industry advertising rebates and then not honoring them .
 On my Dell XP system , I was never able to install NAV2005 , it hung . After a 45 min wait , I spent 3 hrs with Symantec tech support , but still not able to install . I 'm out $ 50 and the computer has lost some functionality , e.g. the search engine has lost ability to search by date , file size , etc. .
 The program installs fine , and everything is very easy to use , but for example when I run a virus scan , it finds a virus , then when I press delete , it fails EVERY time . In previous versions , this was not the case . Fortunatly , it gives you the file name , so I just go in and manually delete the threat , but for unexpierenced computer users , that is not possible . Also , it claims to remove spyware in addition to viruses , but after I installed Microsoft Anti Spyware -LRB- which is a FREE software -RRB- , I was suprised to find that I had 50 varities of spyware on my system . A new peoblem is now when I download a virus off the internet , it simply pops up saying that I have a trojan horse , but its not sure which one , or how to fix it . I will say , however that Symantec 's web site is set up great , and has answers to most of my questions . If you ca n't find an answer , it is near impossible to find the `` email us '' page , but once you do , the support replies within 30 minutes , usually solving the problem the first try . The anti-virus market is really bad now . Mcafee sucks , and Norton is pretty bad . At least Microsoft is coming out with their free anti-virus program soon , which is looking like it will be the new leader .
 I have been a long time user of NAV but upon installing this version on a lower end Dell machine the boot time almost doubled . It seems to work OK but it really is a hog . Seems slow and cumbersome . Better have a beefy machine before you buy this one . I have an old version on another machine and it is good but beware of this new version .
 It worked fine for approximately one week . After that , the `` live update '' function stopped working entirely . I tried every possible `` fix '' that they listed , but none of them work . The links they offered to update your `` live update '' only lead to `` page can not be displayed '' . Their tech support is a joke . After emailing them , all I received were canned responses that led me to the same `` fixes '' that did n't work the first time.Worst yet , and this is the dealbreaker ... IF YOU WANT TO TALK ON THE PHONE WITH A LIVE PERSON , THEY WILL CHARGE YOUR CREDIT CARD $ 30.00 !!! Its not enough that I paid for the software and that it does n't work . Symtamic , as a company , feels that its my financial responsibility , not their 's , to take the steps necessary to make THEIR product work.Forget the fact that their tech support agents are all based in India . If you think that Symtamic 's outsourcing of American jobs somehow translates to a savings for the consumer , think again.After several canned responses , I finally wrote them that if they are sincere about helping me and keeping me as a customer , than they will authorize me to receive FREE PHONE SUPPORT to resolve my problem . I have not heard from them since . I guess that they feel that the $ 30.00 that they milk from me is more important that the potential 100s that they 'll lose in repeat business.Bottom line , I 'm logging on everyday and getting my updates manually . When my subscription runs out , I will uninstall the software and take my business somewhere else . I WILL NEVER USE ANOTHER SYMTAMIC PRODUCT AGAIN.One final thing . On the side of the box Symtamic offers a money back guarantee , and gives a web address for more details . The web address is bogus .
 I am really not suprised by the overall rating of the product rating . 2 stars ! That is not a good rating.I 'll start by saying that I do n't own this product . I 've had Norton Antivirus 5.0 -LRB- made in 1999 -RRB- , and it works beautifully . I 've purchased Norton Antivirus 2003 , and have seen how much Norton AV has changed ... for the bad . Really , Norton Antivirus versions -LRB- 2003-2005 -RRB- are basically the same thing , but each newer version getting worse . The 2005 edition is no difference . It eats a lot of RAM . Which usually means for most people , it is ssssllllooooowwwww . Live update crashes halfway through the process . Scanning takes awhile and sometimes crashes too , and not to mention misses various viruses that may be on your computer . Auto-protect is just as similar . A virus may break through any minute ! Not only that , after a year , you ca n't use it again ! Wait a minute ... I thought once you pay for something you can use it again . Not with NAV 2005 . After a year , your subscription is over and you have to pay for another subscription online , or buy the new version which is worse as I mentioned earlier.Honestly , is n't this enough . Some of you have the older version of NAV -LRB- 1995-2002 -RRB- somewhere . Just use that , considering it has none of the problems listed above -LRB- well , on NAV 1999 they ask you to renew your subscription or reinstall the software ... just reinstall the software and do n't buy money for a subscription ! -RRB- . Of course , if this is you 're first time using NAV , it will be very hard to get an older version of it . Just get McAfee then . Just get anything but NAV -LRB- 2003-2005 -RRB- . Besides , each version has the same features , besides 2003-2005 that actually do have spyware.Bottomline
 For some reason every time a new version of Norton comes out , I try it ... not any more ! I installed Norton to protect my computer and almost immediately I started to notice problems with it . It slowed down my computer to a crawl and made it perform as if it was infected by the worst spyware program in existence . But worst of all , my spyware free computer got infected by every spyware you can imagine while I was downloading updates from Norton . And to top it off Norton could not fix the problem . It took me three other anti-spyware programs to fully undo what Norton did to my computer . Avoid Norton at all costs , if you do n't heed my advice you will regret it . Look for other programs such as McAfee AntiSpyWare 2005 . Hey , any software is better than this glitchy piece of crap !
 When I had Norton Antivirus 2000 and 2003 , tech support was good . Now it has apparently been outsourced to some other country , and I had a hard time understanding people on the phone . I was put through to technical support and was on hold for about 20 minutes , so I hung up and used email . The suggestions given on email did n't seem to work . It was supposed to download some software to check my PC ; I gave it 1 1/2 hours and it was still doing the `` downloading '' . I 've just purchased another type of software that got good reviews .
 Bought two copies . One computer had Windows XP with latest Windows updates but Norton would crash with errors . Upgraded to Windows XP service pack 2 and it finally worked . The second computer kept locking up the computer and we determined it was incompatible with the screensaver . Nothing else seems to be incompatible with the screensaver.I have used Norton Antivirus for years thinking it was the best but when the subscriptions run out I will be looking at different products .
 Beware ! You can not install this if you have patch KB828741 installed on your system . If your read the instructions , it tells you to uninstall the patch before installing Norton Antivirus -LRB- the install program itself does not detect the patch or uninstall it -- it simply does n't work after you install the product -RRB- If you can not safely uninstall KB828741 - DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT , it will not work . I tried uninstalling the patch using a backdoor uninstaller and had to reinstall WinXP.That said , I can not recommend McAfee products either -- it constantly pops up adds that warn you to buy more McAfee product . It 's like installing the very same SPAM-virus-spyware-popup annoyware programs you are trying to prevent in the first place ! It automatically bills you for subscription-renewal without notifying you!I recommend either PC-cillin or AGV or anything else .
 Zero Stars was not an option , sorry.Like many others in these review , I 've used and liked the Norton series of products for many years , back to even before Norton was bought out by Symantec . I bought NAV2005 a bit over a year ago and loaded it on top of NAV2004 , as I could get it for only a few dollars more than the renewal , under $ 30 . It seemed better , mostly worked OK though it DOES slow the system down a LOT . -LSB- I wonder if all the 5 star one liners are Symantec employees looking for a raise ? The one that said it has no performance impact is a bald faced LIAR ! -RSB- Anyway , I was agast at the remewal charge for the NAV2005 subscription . Now instead of $ 20 or so , it was almost $ 50 ! And at the time my subscription ran out , NAV2006 was n't available , even if it was going to be cheaper when it did come out -LRB- odd !?! -RRB- . So , I just bought a discounted 2005 version again , and with it a new License Key.Well , guess what , Symantec figured that one out and has now made it so that no matter what you do , uninstall/reinstall , or first clean the registry of the DOZENS of entrys left behind by their so-called uninstall programs -LRB- even the SymNRT removal tool -RRB- , or whatever , if you reinstall the same product again , it will say your license is expired . Maybe Symantec keeps that on file in house , so when you web activate on the same hardware it resets the dates backwards?Therefore , YOU REALLY HAVE NO CHOICE if you want to stay with their product . You either have to pay the outrageous renewal fee , or buy their new product , which is not really a solution either because I 'm sure it has the same issue -- you are only postponing the inevitable.Since this particular computer -LRB- notebook -RRB- is being retired from business to my wife 's personal use , I 'm going BLOW NAV COMPLETELY AWAY , and use AVAST instead . AVAST is free for non-commercial use , is light , easy to use , updates itself nicely and does n't get in the way.Here is the warning for all of you considering Symantec products -- DO N'T . The only way they 'll get over this arrogance and customer abuse is to be hurt in the marketplace . So vote against this behavior with your wallet -- keep it closed . Do n't be fooled by the `` free '' license -LRB- cost = rebate -RRB- , because they will then gouge you on the other end with renewals . My production desktop PC now has McAfee on it . I 'll see in a year how they behave.Symantec could have avoided this whole scenario by simply making the product and the annual upgrades a reasonable price -LRB- not playing these rebate games -RRB- , and setting the renewal fees in the $ 20 space - I would have done that and not thought twice about it but $ 50 per year is over my threshold of pain.Symantec has lost a previously loyal customer . Too bad ...
 MAN , how I wish I had read Amazon 's review page before I flushed away my hard-earned money on this piece of garbage program.I have a run-of-the-mill PC with Windows XP . Norton AV did not install correctly after repeated attempts . -LRB- When you try to run the program , it tells you that you do n't have administrative rights . I am not on a network and am the ONLY administrator of my PC . I 've checked the registry numerous times . You got ta love a program that loads and then tells you that you do n't have the right to use it . Kind of like buying a new car and the dealer refuses to give you the keys . -RRB- The manual was no help . The online assistance merely refers you to the same procedures you 've already used from the manual . The live tech assistance routes you to someone in the bowels of a Bombay boiler-room , whose English skills are so poor I could not understand most of what he was saying and he could not understand what I was saying . I understod enough to surmise almost immediately that he was merely reading off the same troubleshooting list printed in the manual and had no idea how the program works or what might be causing the problem . Pretty surprising when you consider that their help lines must be flooded with similar calls.After almost 2 hours -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- of extreme frustration repeatedly installing , uninstalling , reinstalling , etc. , the assistant was getting bored and annoyed with me , and said he would e-mail me something that would solve the problem . He e-mailed me a link to the online support page , which , I had previously explained to him like six times , I had already tried with no success.More calls to Symantec netted me this stroke of diagnostic genius
 Ever since I bought this my computer experience with it has been a living hell . It made my computer so much slower . When the computer boots it takes forever to load . The system scans take forever and sometimes it doesnt delete all the threats . I 've recieved messages that a Trojan could not be deleted . What is really anoying was that while playing games online a kept getting a message that said a remote worm was accesing my computer - it popped up like every 2 seconds . Eventually I basically rolled my computer all the way back to when I had 2004 . . No more problems . Its ironic that Norton 2005 is trying to prevent viruses that try to infect your computer but in a way it does that itself .
 This 2005 version is full of problems . If you have 2004 just renew your virus update subscription . I am responsible for over 20 computers at work and the new version of Norton AV is problematic especially for machines not running XP . It is almost impossible to completely uninstall and there is absolutely no tech support . If you email tech support you will get a response in broken english that does n't make any sense . If you like problems you 'll love this version . It 's sad to think how far down the ladder Norton has traveled . I highly reccommend Panda anti virus over Norton .
 I should have read the reviews !! My computer crashed twice before I pinpointed the problem to Norton Anti-virus . I spent a lot of time repairing the computer and also lost some valuable files . Do n't buy it and if you do make sure you back up your data at least once a day . I have now switched to Grisoft AVG . As others have said , it 's not even worth 1 star .
 This has to be one of the most irritating programs ever created.I have been using computers for over thirty years , so that is quite an achievement on the part of Symantec . Live update refuses to work -- no amount of wading or should I say plodding through the `` Help '' has made it work . And now on a seemingly random basis the program insists that I have n't activated it.This program makes having a virus seem preferable to continuing to deal with Norton Anti-Virus . Peter , what have you lent your name to ????
 Others have already described the details so I 'll just add my voice to their 's in calling this piece of garbage by its name . I 've uninstalled it for the 3rd and last time and now have no antivirus protection . Yeah , I know this is risky but do n't know what else to do . Perhaps someone will put out a decent product one of these days .
 Just wish I had read the reviews here before I bought this awful product this morning and wasted a whole day trying to get it to work . Like many of the reviewers I have used Norton products for some years and been quite satisfied so thought this upgrade would be fine . How WRONG could I be ??? Had huge troubles installing , it took a couple of hours but finally after following the instructions on the web site and removing and reinstalling the product a couple of times it appeared to be OK and although my computer seemed terribly slow to start up I though my trials were over . It was not to be . I decided to run a full system scan and then the problems really started . Up came the error message `` Norton antivirus was unable to scan your computer for infections because some Norton Anti-virus components are missing '' . Well , back to the help pages and I faithfully followed each of the suggested fixes but all to no avail . The error message above was popping up all over the place . I was out of my depth here and really needing help so I thought the Automated Support Assistant could help . NO . could n't even get that to open because the reoccuring error message kept appearing . By this stage I was beginning to think -LRB- and the help pages suggested -RRB- that the computer had a virus which was preventing NAV from working properly . Blood pressure was rising by this time , approximately 8 hours after initial downloading . I rang my brother who suggested I scrap the lot and download AVG . By this stage I was open to any suggestion so I removed the program which took a LONG time . The error message even made an appearance at this stage . Anyway , once I had the thing off I downloaded AVG -LRB- which is free -RRB- and had it up and running in 15 minutes or so . I ran a full system scan and my computer was virus free . The best thing though is that my computer is starting quicker than ever now . Unfortunately I 've just thrown AUS $ 69 down the drain . What I do n't understand is how Symantec can get away with selling a dud product like this !
 Had problems installing on a freshly imaged WinXP machine . Once I got past the installation issues it stopped working after about a week . Their web site said it might be because of my Audigy sound card s/w . However , that was installed prior to Norton . Luckily I got this free after rebate . Used the proof of purchase to get Zone Alarm for free . I 'm a PC tech so the issues can not be attributed to lack of experience w / the product . Norton is not what it used to be .
 8 hours , one person said they spent on this . I have spent at least that - maybe more - plus days and days of worry , and being threatened by BT to close my broadband account because I did n't have sufficient virus protection . I sent them this address to prove it was n't my fault . I am in despair - I bought the PC-cillin after requesting a refund from Norton , but ca n't put it on cos bits of Norton 2004 are still on the computer and I ca n't get rid of them . If anyone from Amazon reads this , you should really withdraw this product - you 're so much better than this.Wendy .
 This thing eats CPU cycles like nothing I have ever seen before!Back when Norton AntiVirus 2003 was out , Norton was by far the best out there . When 2004 came out , not only did Norton change the number on the package , they also added more bloated features , 2005 was even worse with even more bloated features.My suggestion for Symantec is to get Norton AntiVirus back to what it was supposed to do , protect you against viruses , not everything under the sun.We want a lean , mean , and clean AntiVirus Tool , Norton AntiVirus ... sadly is n't that . We should n't need a dual-core CPU or half a GB of RAM just to run our AntiVirus software!I have a machine that runs an AMD Athlon XP 2800 + with 768 MB of RAM and once ran Norton AntiVirus 2005 . When I had it installed , I decided to turn off the AutoProtect one day , instantly my machine really sprang to life . Windows popped up quickly , the Start Menu popped up without even thinking about it!I now have the ZoneAlarm Security Suite . No more Norton for me !
 I have been a faithful user of Symantac products for years , this software does not load correctly . Symantac support is an oxymoron .
 I am very very disappointed in Norton Anti-virus 2005Norton USED TO BE the best . BUT NOT ANYMOREI have used NAV for 8 years but they have apparentlybeen resting on their laurels and taking us for suckers because they now have a product thatis JUST NOT UP TO SNUFF anymore . . I highly suggest you buy Trend Micro 's PC-Cillin which blows Norton away or any number of other AV programs that are better and less expensive than this antiquated program ...
 I 'd give this one zero stars if the review system permitted that ranking . In my experience this is an unusable product.If you run Win98 -LRB- either original release or SE -RRB- on an older PC , do NOT purchase this product . Despite Norton 's claim that it works on Win98 , it does not . There are multiple failures reported on the Symantec usergroup . The program wo n't load a crucial DLL . The unlock key can not be communicated to Symantec 's web site . Symantec 's knowledge base is ignorant of the specific problem and no one has had an answer from customer support . I wasted two days trying to apply general answers from the knowledge base . Nothing worked.I purchased NAV2005 as part of the SystemWorks package . Some of the included utilities work , but at a reduced performance level . System gets very slow ; there appears to be enormous memory overhead . I would n't even try this product on any but the most recent and fastest machines.I had NSW2001 on my system and it worked fine as long as I could buy annual virus update subscriptions . Then Symantec terminated support for 2001 and forced everyone to upgrade . Good marketing strategy , huh ? Terminate a product that works just fine , and force previously satisfied customers to spend new money on a replacement product that is an utter failure .
 Installed it to replace NAV 2003 . After installation , NAV 2005 's auto-protect feature would n't work . So I removed it and reinstalled NAV 2003 which works perfectly well . Another Symantec upgrade dud .
 I have never liked any Norton product . There has alway been something out there that was far better . This product is junk and their support is a joke . They ca n't understand you and you ca n't understand them . What a total waste of time and energy .
 I have used this product for 5 years . When my subscription was up I renewed the product . When my PC started to go haywire I never suspected Norton to be the problem . Forget the customer service and any admission from Norton that something is wrong . I could not uninstall this progam in the usual manner . I found the solution in this review forum . I am now going to ask Norton for my money back . Uninstalling this product solved my problem . By the way . At one-point in my diagnostices I thought maybe I had a faulty install so I thought I will reinstall . Norton wanted an extra $ 6.95 . Anyway , enough said . I will no longer buy from this operation .
 I have used Norton for the last couple of years and have never had a problem and have liked it a lot.BUT NOT THE 2005 VERSION!It 's a nightmare . It just does n't work . There is a glitch in the virus definitions when you run live update . It just makes it worse rather than better telling you there is an error and giving you a random number but not explaining the error at all or offering any help to fix it unless you pay by the minute and call them for a huge charge . I just shelled out a lot of money for this and even though I 'm not rich , I 'm dumping it and looking for a better program . Norton ? NEVER AGAIN BE WARNED !!!
 Norton Antivirus ruined my PC . It corrupted my registry , interfered with dial-up internet access and Quicken , caused frequent system freezes , created failed shutdowns , and interfered with clean startups . I spent 40 - 60 hours cleaning up after this fraudulent product . Symantec tech support was useless . Buy CA EZ Antivirus ... it installed cleanly , works well , and my system is functioning normally again .
 I 've always been a Norton lover . NO MORE . What a freakin ' nightmare this was ! If you use AOL do n't bother with it ... even back to version 7 . You will * not * get online.And tech support ? Good luck there ! I spent a total of 7 hours on the phone last night between Norton -LRB- IN India-no choice there -RRB- and AOL techs -LRB- IN India-again no choice -RRB- . Both claimed it was the other 's fault , and I swear not one of them could walk and chew gum in sync . -LRB- Not to mention good luck in understanding what the heck they are saying to you
 I had installed 2004 on 3 computers , when it was time for 2005 I thought sure its a good program . NOT ! The second you try to upgrade to a newer version you will never get it to work again . I remember this problem from like 10 years ago and I can not believe Symantec has not fixed this yet . The program is very nice until you try to install an update . I have never experienced this with any other software maker . On all 3 systems the only way to get antivirus to work again was to reinstall Windows XP ! When you uninstall or even go thru detailed steps that PC Magazine put out there you can not get this horrible software off your system completely . Of course tech support costs alot per hour . And it would not be a big deal if I could get either 2004 or 2005 AV to work again after installing 2005 . This software has cost me about $ 500 in fixes , I will never buy this again ! Every person I have talked to about this program says the same thing . How can these people distribute such crap ? Stay away , stay faaarrr away !
 Norton literally micro-managed my system . I could n't even run a disk scan or de-frag because Norton modules were running . It sometimes caused my computer to shut down or restart . I spent most of my time looking at error messages . The best thing I ever did was uninstall Norton and start using the free Antivir software .
 Two of my customers have had very similar problems as noted in so many other reviews . One gave up and loaded Avast antivirus -LRB- FREE -RRB- , and the Sygate firewall -LRB- FREE -RRB- . The other has not determined what course to take but is very upset that Symantec would take her money and provide little or no support . The last version I used was Systemworks 2003 and it had it 's share of issues . I now use Avast and Sygate on all my personal machines . I have seen Avast catch trojans on a regular basis on others pc 's that up to date Norton misses . I have yet to have an active virus on any of my personal machines in over 15 years of owning at least one pc -LRB- we currently have 5 pc 's and one iMac , enough for all the people , the cat , and the dog with one spare -RRB- . Take security seriously , be very careful where you go and DO NOT DOWNLOAD ANYTHING YOU HAVE NOT RESEARCHED FIRST !
 -LRB- 1 -RRB- This program sucks up resources like you 're running on a supercomputer -- not unexpected from AV software , but still quite bad . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It makes you register the program , and let 's you do it ONCE . If something goes wrong with your computer , or the program ever gets messed up , there goes your $ 50 . They have no real customer support to fix this issue . The CD is basically disposable after you 've installed it.And the final reason why this program is a bad buy
 My experience with the last several versions of Norton AntiVirus is that they really slow your system down . Norton AntiVirus is becoming bloatware.You 'd be better off getting AVG Anti-Virus from GriSoft . It 's a superior product and it 's more reliable and less of a system resource hog .
 I got Norton AV pre-installed into my Gateway 7422GX -LRB- 6-month trial -RRB- . It started being a real pain with those pop-up notices about `` your antivirus subscription ends in x days , please upgrade '' , and the only options were to be reminded later , or `` purchase subscription now '' . There was no `` do not bug me again '' or `` do not remind me again '' . So obviously Symantec wants to annoy the consumer a lot in order to get their dollars . I also noticed that Norton AV was using a LOT of resources -LRB- both RAM and CPU -RRB- , much more than other antivirus I have running in other windows systems -LRB- Kaspersky AV - commercial , and AVG - Free Ed . -RRB- . So guess what I did ? , I headed over to grisoft.com and downloaded the `` Free edition '' -LRB- free for home , non-commercial use -RRB- of AVG antivirus and I 'm much more pleased with AVG now , it uses less resources and updates faster . AVG gets new virus definitions almost every day . The AVG resident shield also identified and cleaned two viruses -LRB- leaving the original . exe files fully functional , not just rendering them unusable and `` quarantining '' them like Norton AV often does -RRB- . And you ca n't beat the price of AVG ! . Short story
 This is one of the worst applications that I have ever used . Please do not buy it . I seriously doubt the authenticity of many of the positive reviews . Based on my own experience , conversations with other computer professionals , and my reading of hundreds of online complaints , I suspect that at least some of these are shills for Symantec.I bought a 3-user Home Protection Pack . I am not an amateur -- I develop Windows and web applications for a living . However , I have not been able to successfully install and use this product on any of the three machines that I bought it for . The only fully working copy gave out yesterday for no apparent reason . It just simply quit working . The error message that pops up when I try to start it indicates that I should uninstall/reinstall -- doing so twice has not remedied the situation . The various problems that I have had are too numerous to explore in detail , but they include : - Installation issues -LRB- all three machines -RRB- ; - Problems getting the auto-update functionality to work -LRB- two of the three machines never did -RRB- ; - The Auto-Protect icon indicates that it is running , but the software will not load at all -LRB- one machine -RRB- ; - Persistant false positive , even after running Symantec 's removal tool for the supposed infection -LRB- one machine -RRB- ; - Missed adware/spyware infections -LRB- two of the machines -RRB- . I am uninstalling Norton and getting something else , probably Trend Micro 's AV suite .
 Like many of the reviewers below I have been a fan of Norton Antivirus in its previous incarnations . This edition however is complete and utter garbage . I 'm not going to waste my time trying to explain everything that is wrong with this software but will mention the three largest problems
 This program is my first -LRB- and I hope to God -RRB- last experience with a bug-ridden disaster . It made Windows XP do some weird things . It even fooled with system restore , the first solution available after things get strange . After trying everything that I know , actions mentioned by some other reviewers , I decided to give up and live with it best I can . I , too , still have problems with LiveUpdate . This product should have never made it out the door . Like another fellow , I upgraded to 2005 because my subscription expired . What 's five dollars more ? A hell of a lot of headaches , wasted time , high blood pressure , and an overwhelming need for a couple of beers after messing with this mess ! What really gets me , though , is that I am usually cautious and read reviews first , but I had no problems with a former version . Shame on Symantec for violating their once earned trust . I can only hope the word spreads . Just where is corporate responsibility and , especially , corporate pride ? How do they justify selling this to the public ? Maybe sales of Clean Sweep are low .
 I had a problem with installation even though my Dell computer far exceeded the product 's requirements . There is absolutely NO PRODUCT SUPPORT -LRB- online or otherwise -RRB- . It makes no sense to buy from a company that does not stand behind their product .
 Hello , everyone . I 'd like to tell you the story with my experience with Norton Antivirus 2005 . Please be advised that this story contains real life trials and tribulations . Therefore , it is advised that any computer security conscious person read this story and make wise decisions about purchasing Norton Antivirus 2005 . Here it is : Back in February 2005 , I purchased a brand-new Emachines T3958 PC with Windows XP a Celeron D 340 processor , 512MB RAM , 80GB hard drive , and a CD/DVD recorder and player . The PC came with the 90 day trial version of Norton Antivirus 2005 . During this period of 90 day , the program worked all right , with only minor slowdowns . But when the trial came closer to its expiration date , I renewed the software . That was the fatal mistake I made . As soon as I renewed my antivirus subscription , the computer became really really slow . My Microsoft Office programs and documents were hit the hardest . When I tried to open MS Excel , for example , I waited for 20 minutes and was finally greeted with the cryptic message . `` Norton Antivirus 2005 does not support the repair feature . Please uninstall and reinstall . '' Having received this message , I immediately went to the Symantec web site and dug up the `` solution '' to the problem . I thought I was home free , but I was n't . The `` solution '' not what they were talking about . Having done everything that this document described , I still could not oped any Microsoft Office programs . I had to restart my computer every time when I saw that Microsoft Office had no chance of opening . Finally , I got really pissed off -LRB- excuse me for the language -RRB- and deleted the software . As soon as I deleted the buggy program , I yelped with astonishment . All programs including Microsoft Office could open almost in an instant I clicked on the program 's shortcut ! I immediately drew a conlcusion that the main culprit was Norton , a big rip off and that you should avoid the company at all costs . Now , I switched to McAfee Virusscan free with my AOL membership . I was glad I did.DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT BUY NORTON ANTIVIRUS 2005 EVEN IF SOMEONE BULLIES AND THREATENS YOU INTO BUYING THIS SOFTWARE . INSTEAD TALK BACK TO THE BULLY AND GO WITH OTHER ANTIVIRUS CHOICES SUCH AS MCAFEE.Thank you .
 I deal with computers every day . The majority of infested computers -LRB- 99.9 % -RRB- have NAV installed , up-to-date et al. . Why then , an alternative program -LRB- NOT McAfee ! -RRB- finds viri ??? The latest computer inspected produced 100 % clean with NAV 2005 but misbehaved and subsequenly my usual AV found 143 viri on that machine . The world is being conned , but thanks Peter Norton - your crap gives me a huge income - ever so grateful - maybe I should give it a five star rating !
 Avoid Symantec Norton AntiVirus 2005 . I have used the earlier versions of AntiVirus for years . It was cheaper to upgrade to AntiVirus 2005 then buy a renewal for 2003 . What a mistake . I wish that I had read the reviews of Norton AntiVirus 2005 before I got into this trouble.The download went smooth , then it would not finish installing . I kept getting an `` Error 1723 '' and `` missing DLL file '' message . I tried for 3 days -LRB- Friday , Saturday , and Sunday -RRB- doing all the remedies on the Symantec web site , nothing worked . Finally after trying some more Monday morning I called tech support -LRB- which it is hard to find the free number , they make you think you have to pay for their problems -RRB- . The tech support was from India and spoke a singing version of English , very hard to understand especially in a tech support situation . After an hour and ten minutes on the phone trying everything he could think of he said `` sounds like you should contact Microsoft for installer problems '' . `` If they can not help you , we will give you your money back '' . Well Microsoft does not support Windows 98 SE , and the tech knew it.I tried for sometime Monday and half the day Tuesday before I wrote this review . Do n't make the mistake that I did , there is trouble with Symantec or Norton AntiVirus 2005 you should avoid this product it is not worth the trouble.Now I am going to spend the rest of the day removing all the associated Symantec / Norton files from my computer . Spread the word Symantec Norton AntiVirus 2005 is a work in progress or a Beta version , avoid it .
 I read ALL the reviews how awesome Norton antivirus products are . And for this reason I mistrust what the `` professional '' geeks say . I tend to trust more what consumers have to say.Interesting hypothesis
 Not sure that there is more that I can add to everyone else 's tales of woe , other than to say that I had NAV 2005 working on my laptop for a couple of months when , without warning , it would crash on reboot . Apparently LiveUpdate had `` updated '' with something that did n't agree too well with the rest of Norton Antivirus . And so the decent into hades began ... uninstall -LRB- failed -RRB- , reinstall -LRB- failed -RRB- , delete files -LRB- if allowed -RRB- , delete registry keys -LRB- did you get all of them ? -RRB- , lather , rinse , repeat . Two days later ... I 'm convinced Norton Antivirus 2005 * is * a virus . I can not get rid of it ; I can not get it to work again ; it has destablized the rest of my system . And what seemed drastic two days ago , reformatting my hard drive and reinstalling * every * other piece of software I own now seems like the path of least resistence .
 I have used Norton -LRB- AntiVirus , Firewall , Systemworks Professional -RRB- for years without a problem ; and I have not had to deal with viruses , breakins or stability problems . They all previously installed in minutes without a problem . I did Not upgrade my 2003 products last year but did renew my subscriptions . I 'm using a P4 computer running WinXP , with 612 of RAM and 80 Gig HD . I do not consider myself beyond a computer newbie , so perhaps my experience is a function of inexperience . That said , I have reformatted hard drives , upgraded WinME to XP , flashed the BIOS , installed graphics cards , audio cards , upgraded to USB 2 , regularly download and install new software , hardware , etc. all without incident -LRB- or only a brief glich -RRB- . I have NEVER experienced the BUGGY , UNSTABLE , system wide problems that I have been trying to deal with since attempting to install this product . -LRB- 1 -RRB- . . The first problem was that it successfully prevented my Norton 2003 Firewall from starting -LRB- i.e. , it just freezes on refreshing and after about 10 minutes indicates that all firewall features are disabled -LRB- will not permit them to be enabled -RRB- ; knocks out registration , while acknowledging the registration is still current for a few more months -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- . . It causes Norton SystemWorks 2003 to crash ... indicating problems with Symantec Integrator , etc. so SystemWorks is also unusable . -LRB- 3 -RRB- . . Antivirus 2005 has yet to be sucessfully installed . As per the Symantec site , I 've updated &#34; Liveupdate &#34; , and tried to remove and reinstall the product . -LRB- I 've tried both upgrade/download and full product CD , trying the typical install &#62; restart &#62; delete &#62; restart ... -RRB- Although it was activated at install , it crashed at the computer 's restart . My experience is that once AntiVirus 2005 is installed it CAN NOT BE COMPLETELY REMOVED , there are literally dozens of folders and files that remain -LRB- even working in Safe Mode with full Administrator priviledges , many of the left-overs can not be deleted , moved or renamed , at least not without a lot of effort -RRB- . A computer scan also revealed over 60 Activex \ COM errors specifically relating to Norton/Symantec , missing Norton \ Symantec files , etc. . Unfortunately , these items seem to prevent reinstall , as Norton 2005 sees even a few of these as evidence that it is already installed and aborts the reinstall . There is no option to repair/modify . Some of the problem also seems to strongly suggests that Product Activation/Validation is at least a partial contributing factor . -LRB- 4 -RRB- . . It should be noted that thinking that the Norton 2003 Firewall and/or Systemworks might be contributing factors , and since Norton 2005 AntiVirus made them un-usable , I eventually removed them from the computer ... and attempted to install Norton SystemWorks 2005 . -LRB- 5 -RRB- . . To date , although I have been able to get SystemWorks 2005 to install -LRB- it refuses to install Antivirus 2005 -RRB- , the Symantec Integrator causes it crashe constantly . And finally had to laboriously , manually remove the various SystemWorks leftovers as well . -LRB- 6 -RRB- . . Being without a usable AntiVirus program or a functioning Firewall , I have spent the better part of the past week attempting to remedy these problems since I 'm using a cable modem with a fiber optic connection . I have been offline for almost a week -LRB- thankfully I have a laptop that has not been touched by any Norton 2005 product -RRB- . Currently it seems the only possible solution is to manually change / remove files from the registry -LRB- Symantec does provide information on the dozens of registry entries that will need to be removed -LRB- at least from the previous version of AntiVirus -RRB- , if one can not delete Antivirus using Add/Remove Programs . -LRB- 7 -RRB- . . Did I mention that prior to any Norton 2005 product install attempts I could press the power button on my computer and be on a working desktop typically in less than a minute ; after the first attempted install of AntiVirus 2005 the start time is now over 4 minutes . Checking some log files seems to reveal a lot of the computer 's time directed to verifying product activation/ownership info . -LRB- 8 -RRB- . . ADDITIONALLY , AFTER INSTALL -LRB- and before restart -RRB- AntiVirus 2005 provides information relating to product activation stating
 I just purchased Norton AV 2005 for my Dell Dimension 8250 computer -LRB- approx . 1 year old -RRB- because my previous Norton Antivirus subsciption had expired and it was cheaper to buy this version than renew the license . What a mistake . I installed the program which seemed to go smoothly until I ran liveupdate to get the new virus definitions . The definitions appeared to download fine , but then they `` failed authentication '' and the program would not install them . I clicked on the link next to the error message and the Symantec website recognized the problem , but said it was either a problem with my computer or a worm or trojan causing the problem . I do n't have any computer problems that I know of and the program did n't tell me what the problem was and I had been running NAV before with no problems and had purchased this after my virus deinfions were only ten days old . It seems a little too convenient that this is a problem with my computer ! The Symantec link also gave me a great link to a self diagnostic tool that told me I needed to update my virus definitions -- as if I did n't know that already . I read a host of negative reviews of Norton AV 2004 but still went ahead and purchased NAV 2005 because I had used NAV in the past without any major problems . It looks like the software just keeps getting worse with every version . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 I am a retired systems programmer/analyst with 12 years of personal computer experience , both professional and personal.This product is a disaster . After a year of the successful use of version 2004 under Windows 98SE , the attempt to upgrade to version 2005 not only uninstalled version 2004 , but refused to install version 2005 . A great many files and corrupted registry keys were left behind making the re-installation of all Symantec products fail . I spent 9 hours on and off the telephone with a vast number of Symantec `` Customer Care '' people before I was finally able to speak to someone with some technical knowledge . He directed me to the Symantec site and a large number of incredibly complex documents/routines for the deletion of all Symantec products from my computer and for the correction of the corrupted registry.The next day I waded through several of these removal scenarios and finally accomplished an install . As of this moment I may still have LiveUpdate problems . I will have to wait until the scheduled call to update the virus definitions to see if that `` feature '' works properly . It did not work properly out of the box , but required the deletion of all LiveUpdate settings and virus definition files before the program would install the downloaded virus definition update . Solving this problem consumed another half-day . This software is garbage and the Symantec help staff in India is incompetent . Symantec has created a `` Support '' system which demands hours on hold after which the customer is connected to a non-technical person who can neither answer questions nor direct the frustrated user 's call to a competent technician . I will do everything in my power to report in the public media and to all who will listen , the installation failure of this disgraceful product . Symantec should be ashamed .
 I have used antivirus products since the DOS and Windows 3.1 days when antivirus protection was still an `` option '' . Today you not only need AV protection for your PC but you also should have good antispyware and a software firewall . In the old days McAfee AV used to be free and Norton AV used to be a premium AV program that worked well at a reasonable price . These things are no longer true today and the software security industry has become a multi-billion dollar Godzilla type of monster that mostly cares about their own profits before customer interests . Unfortunately Symantec 's Norton Antivirus 2004 and 2005 are evidence of one of these Godzilla monsters out of control and on the loose.What happened to this once great antivirus program ? The answer is a combination of `` bloatware syndrome '' and `` product activation '' . Norton AV 2003 and previous versions did require a faster computer with allot of system resources but they were recognized as some of the best antivirus security programs in the world . This reputation as being number one and the popularity of the internet made Norton Antivirus a prime target for the software thieves to copy , distribute , and profit from one of Symantec 's best product . Unfortunately Symantec 's solution , namely product activation combined with poor programming , has created a cure for Symantec that is worse than the illness . I have personally never seen , read about , or heard of a software program released on a large scale by a major software company that has corrupted and damaged more working computers than Norton Antivirus 2004 and 2005 products have . When I say `` damage '' I do n't mean that the computer hardware is effected but what I mean is that at least ninety percent of the time when the Norton Antivirus installation does not go well then a complete restoration or reinstallation of the operating system is required . Since the Norton AV 2004 release I have heard and seen this happen over and over to people of all skill levels from regular users to advanced computer technicians . If you think you are immune to this happening to you if you upgrade or install the latest Norton AV 2005 then I wish you the best . Maybe this could be your lucky day.I am not here to bash Symantec or the Norton brand of products . Remember that I have used and been a fan of Norton Antivirus up until Norton Antivirus version 2003 of which I have an updated subscription and I still use on my computer today . I really hope that Symantec gets its act together and improves Norton AV for future versions before it loses most of its Antivirus customers for good.Here are some possible solutions . If you still want to use a Symantec AV product then look into purchasing the latest `` corporate version '' of Norton Antivirus . I have read that the corporate version is still and excellent program without all the bloatware and bugs of the retail versions . You could also simply use Norton Antivirus 2003 or SystemWorks 2003 which can still be purchased inexpensively online as an OEM version . But if you have had it with Norton for now and want to jump ship before it completely sinks then I recommend you try McAfee VirusScan 2005 or TrendMicro 's PC-Cillin 2005 . There are some other antivirus choices that are also supposed to be good including Kaspersky , Panda , and Computer Associate 's E-Trust and EZ-Antivirus . Do n't forget to install a good antispyware program such as Microsoft Antispyware or Webroot 's Spy Sweeper and use a good software firewall or at the very least make sure that the standard Windows XP SP2 firewall is enabled.Before you install any antivirus alternatives to Norton AV remember to completely , totally , and properly uninstall any and all versions of Norton Antivirus from your computer . You can find some helpful information regarding the proper un-installation of Norton Antivirus products on Symantec 's web site . The sad truth is that there are so many hidden and discrete files that the retail version of Norton AV installs on your computer that some people have reported it to be harder to completely uninstall Norton AV than it is to get rid of a bad computer virus.PROS
 Make sure you read the fine print of this -LRB- ... -RRB- offer . Amazon does not point out that this is a competitive upgrade only , and you must provide proof of owning a prior retail version of Norton , McAfee , or Zone Alarm . This should be more prominently displayed . The type on the printed form is very small and hard to read and I did n't spot this before I ordered . Like most people , my prior Norton version was OEM from Dell . Amazon does a huge disservice to it 's customers by not pointing this out more clearly .
 I bought Internet Security 2005 because Symantec charges almost as much to upgrade my 2004 version as to buy the new 2005 product . The 2005 version is a pure nightmare ! I even had to reload Windows XP along with Service 2 and all of the drivers . I 've been messing with this piece of garbage for several days and still get a load-stopping message , `` Setup was unable to remove previous installed versions ... etc. '' I followed every instruction on the Symantec support website with no luck . They do n't even have a specific solution for the message that their installer puts on your screen ! This product sucks and Symantec support designers are a couple of lines of code short of a release version . I 'm a programmer and would be ashamed of this program .
 UPDATE
 Norton use to be so good . But now , 2 years in a row , 2004 and 2005 I 've had problems with the Anti-Virus - on DIFFERENT machines with Windows XP . This year the problem manifested itself after a couple of weeks . I 'd get a message on boot up that Norton was having problems repairing itself and I should uninstall and reinstall . I did , and everything was fine for another couple of weeks -- then got same error message . This time on re-install it would not complete the `` uninstall shortcut . '' So if I did n't undo the install there would be no way to uninstall later . Tried it again - same problem . So I switched to PC-Cillin 2005 . I think Symantec is letting these programs out with TOO MANY BUGS . Add the pathetic support , and it 's just not worth the hassle . I 'd recommend you look elsewhere .
 Wanted to add my disappointment w/Symantec/Norton AV 2005 ... I too have used NAV 2003 & 2004 very successfully in the past . Then the fateful day when my subscription expired -LRB- Feb 2005 -RRB- . Made the irreversible & catastrophic choice to upgrade from 2004 - > 2005 for $ 5 additional over subscription ... DO NOT EVEN CONSIDER NAV 2005 ! The 2004 - > 2005 upgrade has made all Internet access unstable ... NAV 2005 randomly crashes -LRB- MS send/dont send dialog -RRB- & brings down browser , email , etc. . Often have to reboot -LRB- sometimes several times -RRB- to get back online . Not to mention several of my son 's games now randomly crash w/dialog crediting Symantec ... Often after 30-60 mins of building rollercoasters , etc.As others describe , trying to remove / rollback NAV is nearly impossible , the product weaves itself into the OS & registry much like a virus.Enough said , STAY AWAY ... Consider yourself warned!UPDATE
 I 've used Norton antivirus for many years and it has grown steadily worse with each successive release.First there is the sheer SIZE of this product and the resource load it places on a system . There is simply no excuse to use 10X the RAM of competitive products.Then there is the impact on system performance . Norton 2005 slows the system down appreciably . No rhyme or reason since none of the competitive products seem to do this.Next there are the bugs . System instability -LRB- i.e. crashes -RRB- , lockups , networking issues , etc. are all common with Norton 2005 . Finally , there is product activation . I have almost no tolerance on this item . I 've paid for this product and am a legitimate user . If product activation causes me headaches , it 's unacceptable ! Well , Norton 2005 's scheme seems to be designed by a idiot ! It requests re-activation each and every time the system is rebooted . Ok , that 's bad enough but after a few reboots it 's says that it 's been activated too many times and I SOL!Enough is enough ! I 've uninstalled Norton 2005 and have purchased GriSoft 's AVG Anti-virus . A VERY refreshing change .
 This is the most frustrating product I have ever encountered - if you are a casual computer user -LRB- not a geek -RRB- do n't even think about it . If for some reason it does n't load right the first time - it will take hours of your time to get it off your system just to try and reload it - if it is even possible to do so.There is NO help from Symantec -LRB- unless you pay $ $ $ -RRB- and the FAQs while detailed do n't always help - in my case after hours of following the FAQ - I still ca n't get enough of the system off my machine to allow it to load and use the add/remove windows feature.Just save the frustration - buy another product
 This is the most high-maintenance piece of software I have owned in 20 + years of personal computer use . It 's horrible . Really really horrible . Just keeping this piece of s *** -LRB- expletive deleted -RRB- operational on my computer is taking 10 to 20 percent of the time I spend on my box . This is an AMD Athlon -LRB- tm -RRB- 64 FX-55 . I do n't think we can blame its performance on lame hardware . I 've had to re-install -LRB- a five-hour ordeal -RRB- , back up and edit the sytem registry.I 'd like to see Amazon remove this and all Norton products from their site.The only reason it gets even one star from me is because that is required.Do not buy.Oh how I wish I had read the reviews here before buying . But I 've been out of the Windoze OS for over a year and the last Windoze box I had ran Norton with no problems . So I thought , go with what works . Wish I had n't .
 I 've been a long time Norton antivirus user and this is the last one I 'm ever buying . Norton will destroy your system performance due to its hogging all your computer resources . of course , I could n't even access the internet with 2005 installed ; Norton 's response was that sometimes this is a problem the software has . LOL . i switched to NOD32 and it blows norton away .
 I 've been a NAV user & supporter for about 5 years now , but recently I was struck by a major Trojan/Virus/Malware combo which crippled my machine for a week and a half . I 'm disappointed to say that I had just installed NAV 2005 which failed to recognize , and thus , remove the threat before it could do its damage.After going through a painstaking process to clean my machine , I have since removed NAV and am now using Grisoft 's AVG -LRB- better quality and , get this , it 's free -RRB- along with Microsoft 's AntiSpyware -LRB- also free for the time being . Though CounterSpy , which is not free of charge , is probably better -RRB- . NAV is probably a good product for the user who does not spend much time on the web -LRB- thus the 2 stars -RRB- . But if you 're all over the place out there , I would try something more potent .
 NAV 2005 worked for me since February ... . then I upgraded from win98 to XP and it has been hell trying to get it to work ... . had to uninstall it -LRB- I agree with others here that this is apparently IMPOSSIBLE -RRB- and now it will not reinstall ... endless errors with no solution in sight -LRB- I have followed every instruction on Symantec 's website -RRB- . After working on it all day , I have given up .
 I 'm an author of a book `` Dollar Wise , Penny Foolish '' and naturally to keep my system free from virus , I bought NAV 2005 . The package looked good and thus I had installed.What a bummer !! I have Windows 2000 with SP4 . But after installing NAV 2005 , my system started functioning very badly . The screen started jumping up and down for no reason . I was so frustrated as I coudld n't work on my system for more than 10 minutes continuously.Thus , I had uninstalled the software . What a bummer !!! Even after uninstalling NAV 2005 , the system keeps throwing some problem or the other . Either the system stops working in like 10 minutes of its usage or it reboots by itself for no reason etc. , I have no other choice , then to backup my data and reinstall the entire operating system.I have learnt one good lesson . From now onwards , if two reviews from Amazon users are bad , then do not venture the product even if the company is a great company .
 The software is terribly flawed . I had to remove my old version -LRB- 2002 -RRB- first before installing this one per the instructions . After installation , I could n't open up the application since it kept telling me that I had to reboot my computer first ... which I did about 20 times . Then I tried to uninstall it and could n't because it kept telling me that I had to uninstall the old version first -LRB- yr 2002 -RRB- which I already had done before installing yr 2005 . I could ' t remove this software with any other tools including the `` add/remove programs '' which is part of the windows operating system . My co-workers could n't open any files on this computer since `` Norton Antivirus could n't scan the file '' . Whoa . Anyway , after hours on the phone to guys in India who have much difficulty in communicating in english , I finally found some uninstallers from the Symantec website . The guy from India was supposed to send me an email containing those but I never got them.Personally , I 've had much better success with `` STop-Sign '' from eAcceleration . I 've had their software for about two years now and nobody beats them for removing spyware and other garbage .
 I used to think Norton AV was a useful program , until I downloaded the latest updates . Computer would no longer boot up . Luckily I had backed it up with Acronis True Image . Thinking the problem was not due to Norton , I restored the image -LRB- which worked fine -RRB- and then updated the Norton files . BAM ! Computer wo n't boot up anymore ! This is bad news for the average user who wo n't necessarily have a backup handy . I will not download any more Norton files , it hoses your system . So far AVG seems a good AV program , but I will do more research . .
 I had 2003 version installed in my PC . But after upgrade to 2005:1 . The speed of virus scan become much slower .2 . System is very unstable now .3 . This software will keep your mahcine running like crazy for many hours but the processing will never be completed . The final result is
 After installing Norton Antivirus 2005 , the computer now locks up . I have to turn off the power on the surge protector and reboot and go thru a scan disk.I have a Sony Vaio Intel Celeron 600 with 256 m of memory . For a year I ran it with Norton 2004 and had few problems -LRB- although my Lexmark Printer software some times would have problems -RRB- . I discovered the issue is that if you have auto protect on then then Windows 98 machines will freeze . In the Readme file , Norton mentions this issue and says to upgrade to the most current Video driver . I went to Intel and got the most current video driver and installed it . However the minute I turned auto protect back on , the computer locked up.Now I am faced with the possibility of reinstalling the operating system from the recovery CD and starting all over . I have heard it is nearly impossible to remove Norton.I just bought a new HP Pavilion A750Y , and I have not set it up yet , it just arrived last night , I am scared to install the other copy of Norton Antivirus software I bought.Should I ? I think it comes with 60 days of Norton 2004 . If all of the horror stories are true , I am beginning to think I need to rid both machines of any traces of Norton.How is it that a product that is supposed to protect us from Viruses is worse than a virus ?
 I have never had any problems with Norton AntiVirus before . Now I had to renew my subscription and went to buy NAV 2005 . I ran the CD but I have still not been able to install the antivirus . I am told that I have Symantec Integrator problems or Norton AntiVirus has encountered an internal program error . I never expected this from Symantec and I am wondering what they are doing about it.The quality of their product and their credibility is at stake .
 After many years of use of various Norton products I became baffled about NAV2005 . My subscription of NAV2003 ran out and it was manditory to purchase a newer version . I installed NAV2005 with no problem ... then when I activated by internet it returned that `` Invalid Key A8 '' . When I called the technical support line -LRB- over 20 times -RRB- , I was directed to go way beyond -- reformat hard drive , scan for viruses , scan for adware , un-install , re-install , phone activate , edit registry , rename directories , delete files in safe mode , purchase another copy of NAV2005 , remove firewall , remove Spyware Blocker , remove CD burner software , run Symantec un-install software , re-install ... Nothing worked !
 I HAVE ALWAYS NORTON ANTIV . . TILL NOW I BOUGHT IT YESTERDAY AND TRIED TO INSTALL IT , WHAT DO YOU KNOW WHEN I REBOOT AND RESTART BAMM . . WOULD NOT BOOT THE COMPUTER . . WHAT A PIECE OF GARGBAGE THIS IS . I EVEN WENT TO THE SIGHT TO GET SOME KIND OF HELP . . NOTHING TRIED TO UNINSTALL NOTHING WOULD N'T DO IT . . I HAVE TRIED EVERY THING . . ITS TRUE ONCE YOU INSTALL IT YOU CANT GET QUITE A FEW FOLDERS OUT . . THAT REALLY SUCKS . . THANK GOODNESS I BACKED MY STUFF BEFORE THIS INSTALL . . HAVE TO WIPE OUT THE DRIVE AND REINSTALL WINDOWS AGAIN . . WILL NEVER BUY ANY NORTON PRODUCT EVER ...
 A Norton AV user for years , the upgrade to 2005 made sense . Actually bought a 3-user package for my household 's 3 PCs . On 2 PCs , it slowed the PCs down considerably and causes system crashes on one.On the 3rd PC , it installed and activated fine , but the subscription expired -LRB- actually a previous version 's subscription expired , not the current one , but it did not know that -RRB- . Re-installation did not work - activation of the software told me that the CD KEY is invalid -LRB- after long , long waits for the activation to run -RRB- . Symantec online diagnostics did not help . Tech support performed an `` over the phone '' activation . A few days later , the software said its trial period has ended and ceased to work . Tech support -LRB- again -RRB- told me they would email me instructions that would definitely restore the software and 1 year subscription . They never sent the email.Ultimately , I purchased another brand of AntiVirus software and will be asking for some money back from Norton -LRB- although I know that they will tell me I have to go back to the store I bought it from - too late for that -RRB- . In summary , Notron 2005 's performance reminds me of , well , like a virus on my PCs . They 've lost a long-time customer . Do yourself a favor ... DO N'T BUY IT .
 They are charging money for this software when ALL of this is available for FREE downloading off the internet . Something smells on this one , the Linux kernel 2.6 , openoffice , and all the other ` so-called ' new items you can get for free .
 Suse linux leaves a lot to be desired , trying to get packages to work , or finding them and installing requires a degree in rocket science . Another problem , no software applications of any use are available , Openoffice just does not cut it and it does not convert files over correctly . Overall not a good time with this , just made me more aware of why MicroSoft Windows it the most popular operating system on earth .
 This has to be the worst software ever slopped together . Do yourself a big favor and stay away from software that is all -LSB- free -RSB- but it is sold?I promptly deleted this mess , and went back to Windows XP Professional . Geez , if linux is easy to work with , I would not like to see something difficult . My rating is zero stars or 0 !
 I really liked SuSe 9.0 Professional and thought that the new kernal in 9.1 might help solve some networking problems I had with Windows machines on my home network . Big mistake.I used a program called Scilab and discovered that 9.1 not only did n't have the new version of Scilab but installing 9.1 actually deleted the version of Scilab that I had . Two libraries that Scilab uses are also deleted . There is no excuse for not warning users that some programs that they had been using would be lost when they upgrade.In addition , the new sound mixers do n't seem to work right , I ca n't print anymore and the network problems are worse . Perhaps 9.1 is okay as a new installation but upgrading is a disaster.I attempted to contact SuSe about this on their website but after three days they have not even acknowledged my attempt to reach them . Their site is useless in dealing with the problems that I encountered.I will copy my most important files and then re-install 9.0 but after this I am done with SuSe unless they acknowledge the problems in 9.1 and fix them . Not warning you that functioning programs would be deleted by the upgrade is n't just a mistake , it is evidence of SuSe 's attitude towards its customers . We do n't need another Microsoft , one is enough .
 OK . I liked the linux distro and the included apps . However , When I tried to boot into Windows , my computer would n't do so . However , I was able to restore my Windows using Norton Rescue files . Until June 25 , I thought I had done something stupid while installing Linux . However , quoting from the SUSE support database , `` The partitioning tool ` parted ' which YaST uses during the installation may write an incorrect partition table . '' It goes on to describe details and a possible fix . However , the fix is a compressed file which seems to require a Linux native decompression utility . Since Linux was removed during the restore operation , I am unable to try and evaluate the fix . Much as I want Suse 9.1 Linux on my computer , I will not risk damaging my Windows installation until updated installation disks with correct drivers are available and have proven successful when used by others . Based on my experience , I would warn against buying this version if your Windows installation is important to you . Much as I liked what this distribution offered , I really need my Windows applications . I do not plan to reinstall this distribution and no longer have it .
 Ok , I can purchase a machine with Windows on it for free . But after listening to all the buzz about this one thinks he might try it out . If anyone thinks they are getting easy to use software and programs that actually work they are wrong . Most of them are totally useless and some do n't even work . Just getting cut and paste to work right is a chore . Another problem is hardware detection , if it does not like it then you are just out of luck . Do yourself a favor and just use Windows XP Pro , it has to be the most polished operating system I have ever purchased . This linux software I thought was sposed to be free ...
 Where do I start , it is like buying a new car and rebuilding it after you get it home . Broken apps , no movie players , burn a CD I hope you got plenty of time . Suse got me this time but not again .
 To best describe Suse linux 9.1 is to describe Windows 3.1 several years ago . It is slow loading , very fuzzy looking and overall feeling unorganized setup . I was very disappointed in this software , now on to Office suites eek ! The worst of all , OpenOffice is sloow loading , it takes eons for it to load up and what happened to spell check?Another problem , web-browsers do any of them actually work right ? Plug-ins , do NOT work right , no playing mp3 's , no playing quicktime movies and so on.Back to Windows XP Pro , something that works , and gets the job done without a hundred menu items that are meaningless .
 I 've installed and tried many Linux distros as Linux hosts to create minimal Linux -LRB- only kernel and busybox , and that 's it -RRB- to have better undestanding of Embedded Linux . They are Redhat 7.3 , 9.0 , Mandrake 9.1 , 9.2 , SUSE 7.3 , 8.0 , 9.0 and now 9.1 . I found SUSE 9.0 flawless and the best among distros above.I purchased SUSE Pro 9.1 from Amazon in expecting kernel 2.6 is much faster than 2.4 due to its preemptiveness.Unfortunately , it 's unable to configure desktop with white font color on dark background , like 9.0 ! Seriously , it took too long to open YAST -LRB- while I expected it 's fast -RRB- , I had to reboot , thenDISK BOOT FAILURE , INSERT SYSTEM DISK AND PRESS ENTERThis is the first Linux crash I ever had after so many Linux installations . I had to install several times for each Linux distro above.Certainly , this is my last SUSE .
 Do not be fooled , you can not even get this towork unless you want to spend hours on userforums and paying for support .
 Not very pleased with this installation , my video card does not work so I have a command line installation . This is like going back to the darkages of computing , I have to say Windows just works for me . It is hard to get a virus in linux when no one uses it . Plus , no decent software from what I read on the box .
 Lots of bugs , lots of frustraton , in fact the worst distro I 've installed . Wo n't bore you with details , just tell you not to bother with this version . Maybe they 'll get it right in the next version .
 For starters there is no way to get 3d hardware -LRB- videocards -RRB- to work under this linux or linux period . You might as well have no up to date hardware because there is no support for it . Second , all these applications are available ` freely ' over the internet for download . Third , save yourself a lot of money and buy Windows XP Professional upgrade like I wound up doing . It works with hardware , plays games and best of all it has applications worth using that have standards . After all the linux bugs , hunting for answers on user forums , I said forget it.Windows XP Professional is the best overall operating system made .
 After Suse corrupted my Windows partition , my thoughts on linux sunk to a all time low . Beware of linux , it is not for anyone who needs multi-media . If you want to view , edit or even use any form of multi-media forget it . You can not even play an mp3 in linux . What an overpriced heap of junk , after a re-format of my hard-disk Windows took over again .
 I sit here typing on a laptop because my main pc is crashed thanks to this mess . The only error I get is a kernel panic and then it locks up . My Windows partition is gone , pictures , data everything . ARGGG , I am not very happy now at all . At least with Windows it actually works unlike this linux fiasco .
 Should have done better job.More bugs than ever.I had Suse 8.2 and upgraded to 9.1 which I really regret.Move allong to Mandrake perhaps .
 I had Mandrake 8 . With KDE installed . Everything working perfectly . Fonts changed and the entire system almost like Windows , in 1024x768 resolution . My laptop is a Vaio , all components are top class , nothing from unknown companies etc.Then , I took a friend 's advice to install Suse . After the 1.5 hours of install -LRB- only 2 CDs needed -RRB- it came up with a 640x420 resolution of really crappy screen . Can I change the resolution ? Nope . I go into the Monitor adjustments and it does n't have any other resolutions listed . It does n't recognize the monitor at all . It 's a bloody Sony , a monitor EVERY OTHER operating systeam has breezily installed.Way to go Suse . Best linux my butt .
 This game was frustrating . Most of the missions were hard . The one I ` m on is mission 9 . And it ` s so hard ! When I completed the maze in mission 8 , I thought running from Carnotaurs was going to be easy , but boy , I was wrong ! Knocking away those rocks while running from those Cheetahs was hard enougth , but when I cleared them all away -LRB- I did that only twice -RRB- , I had to make Aladar go up a ramp , knock down a pillar , go down and go up the other ramp , and knock down the other pillar to block the Carnotaurs . How is that possible ? Another really hard one was mission 6 . Running against the clock , dodging asteroids , and getting rid of that Quetzocoatlus -LRB- good thing you can kill him in one screech with a power stone -RRB- was extremly tough , and nearly as hard as mission 9 ! Another thing was the violence . Not much gore , but you did hack up those enemies until they are dead and sometimes all bloody . The dying was pretty realistic -LRB- the Champsosaurus suffocates when he dies -RRB- , and that ` s not a compliment . Next , it is not based on the movie much . There is no Bruton in it , and most of the missions were not in the movie , either . And the enemies -LRB- Champsosaurus ? Dryptosaurus ? Quetzocoatlus ? -RRB- were DEFINITLY not in the movie . I ` ve seen the movie , believe me . Oh , and it ` s a big space hog . I mean , almost 150 MB hard disk space for the space saver ???!!! And you need a 3-D accelerated video card , unless you want bad graphics ! I play it on my dad ` s power machine -LRB- it ` s an ME -RRB- instead of my own computer!One of the good missions were 4 & 5 . You had to play either the next mission or the one you just completed , so I had to start a new game usually , and play 1,2 & 3 to get to 4 & 5 . Sometimes , the enviroments and music is a bit unfriendly . Unless your very experienced with action games , I would n`t reccomend it to you .
 I 'm a software developer who likes to use a gnome desktop on linux . With the fall of RedHat 's desktop linux , and the need for a 2.6 kernel for SATA support , I decided to buy SuSE personal 9.1 . I figured it would be a basic version , but I thought I could download additional packages with SuSE 's great tool Yast.Unfortunately , this Personal edition does not include gnome , and you can not download it using Yast because SuSE has not posted the 9.1 files on their FTP server yet.What really made this product useless to me was the fact that , out of the box , the make or gcc programs were not installed ! If they were installed I could not find them in the path or on the hard drive!Without a C complier any unix-based system is useless in my opinion.If you just want something for writing Word docs and surfing the web using the KDE desktop -LRB- which is excellent -RRB- , this is fine . If you plan on doing anything remotely sophisticated , FORGET IT . Get the professional edition -LRB- overpriced IMO -RRB- or some other distro .
 In general , I think SuSE has always produced a great product . I 've been using SuSE since version 6.4 and It 's been my primary home operating system since version 8.0 . I do not use Windows at all . I 'm currently running SuSE Linux 8.2 and I 'm very satisfied with it . I was anxiously awaiting SuSE 9.1 and the new SuSE kernel in the inexpensive `` personal '' edition that I 've always used to update my SuSE Linux O/S . I soon discovered that Novell has changed things !!! !!! YOU CAN NO LONGER UPDATE YOUR SuSE Linux OPERATING SYSTEM USING THE PERSONAL EDITION !!!! I 'm not sure if this changed in version 9.0 or within this version , but it was a shock to me . I 've always used the inexpensive personal edition and supplemented it with downloaded software from various sites online . To all long-time SuSE Users considering buying this version , be aware that you will need to have the `` update '' or `` professional '' edition to update your current SuSE Linux system!I 'm very disappointed by this change , particularly since I spent about $ 30 on a version that I have no use for whatsoever . The box should have been clearly labeled to indicate that this version CAN NOT BE USED FOR UPDATING SYSTEMS and I would strongly recommend that Novell place this prominently on the box in the future !!! For USERS NEW TO SuSE AND/OR Linux WHO WANT TO GIVE IT A TRY , I can recommend this edition however . The `` Live CD '' makes trying SuSE painless and SuSE is still probably the best desktop Linux around for the price that 's * relatively * easy to install , configure , and enjoy . As for those users complaining that it does n't work with or like Windows , I think they just wanted a cheap Windows knock-off , but Linux is something different and has to be approached as a separate thing with its own merits . A new user will have to learn Linux just as they once had to learn Windows . It 's an adjustment , but it 's not so bad if you can devote a little time and energy to learning it.Novell folks reading this review
 Updated Review -LRB- 17 July 2004 -RRB-
 Let me start off by saying I 'm a fan of the idea of Linux and have played with a few versions over the years . It 's nice to think that you have an option other than Windows when it comes to PCs . Do n't get me started on how I wish OS/2 was still around either.I bought this product to use on my laptop , an IBM Thinkpad . It 's now sitting on the shelf whilst I re-install Win2K.Firstly , the CD would n't boot . I tried everything . It 's only because of past experience that I knew you could make linux boot disks using rawrite that I even got the thing finally installed . The manual that came with this product was useless and I could n't find any boot disk images or rawrite utilities on the 2 CDs either . I had to go online and find them.Once installed , everything looked great but the sound did n't work properly . After going online again , I managed to find a BIOS tweak that fixed it.Well , I was ready to roll with my nice new Linux system . I popped in a DVD and ... it dod n't work . This product comes with NO DVD support . Given the popularity of DVD players in computer systems , this strikes me as nothing less than madness to not incorporate it in a new release of ANY operating system.Guess what ? I went online -LRB- again -RRB- and found that there was a solution to getting DVD to work , which involved several downloads and tweaking . I finally got a DVD to play , but then once I started the system the following day , It would no longer work.So , I uninstalled and went back to my old Windows platform . It may be the evil corporation and it may need patches galore for security issues , but at least it works right out of the box.In conclusion , Linux -LRB- at least this distrib -RRB- still has a long way to go before your average PC user will ever go near it . They would have given up at the non booting CD stage . Considering my own personal struggles with this product , I wish I had .
 Well , after installing this software my machine sits on a black screen . You get what you pay for .
 The game would only work for a one month trial period . Returned for a replacement and that one did the same thing -LRB- worked only for one month as a trial period -RRB- Finally had to get a refund
 My wife and I played the free demo game online and loved it from day one , so when i saw it for sale for $ 13.94 I jumped on it . The delivery was really fast , BookWorm was delivered within two days , My wife and I were really excited and ready two play , opened the packaging , popped in the disk and nothing happened , I mean absolutely nothing , they sent me a blank disc . EACH ONE TEACH ONE . I just learned the hard way so you should ` nt have to , Dont Order This Product , They 're selling blank discs . YOU 'VE BEEN WARNED !!!!
 We ordered this game because we played the demo and it is very fun and educational but the cd that was sent was corrupt and had nothing copied on it . We sent it back to amazon and they quickly sent another cd . That one was the same way ... no data at all . Amazon refunded our money but it is real diappointing not to have this game .
 ... this is a very small game -- something like 5 megabytes -- and they want fifteen bucks plus shipping ? ... it 's not a very good game -- the words you can make are necessarily very simplistic and consequently redundant ... moreover , a little web searching and you can find plenty of similar games for FREE ... forget it .
 Very disappointed in the game . For $ 20 I expected more variation to the game . Nothing extravagant , just more colors or more ways to play the game . Only one way to play and you just keep going up levels , but they are not harder . I feel like I wasted my money on this game . the reviews made it seem so fun .
 Sent only a trial version of the program - not the REAL THING !!!
 I ordered the wrong game and didnt bother to send it back because with the shipping costs both ways it wasnt worth it !
 I found this game a bit limiting if your a Scrabble enthusiast etc. . Great for kids . .
 We ordered this CD with good intentions and the first copy came lacking any data . Checked for files and non exist . Called customer service who were very nice and they sent another CD . Opened up the second shipment , same thing happened , no data , corrupt CD . DO NOT ORDER this item until the vendor corrects the program CDs . We have asked for our money back and have given up on this one
 I purchased `` Bookworm Deluxe '' '' as a Christmas gift for a very excited bookworm lover . What I received was `` Bookworm Play '' which we already own . After contacting Amazon I received an apology and a promise that `` Bookworm Deluxe '' -LRB- the product I ordered -RRB- was on the way . This receiving the wrong item and my contacting Target.com and Amazon happened `` 3 '' times . Bookworm Play ALL THREE TIMES - Bookworm Deluxe `` 0 '' times . According to Target.com / ITC this item was shipped directly from Amazon and Amazon acknowledged they were correct . I 'd like to point out that the original value of Bookworm Play is less than half of the original value of Bookworm Deluxe . Is n't it strange that this repetitious mistake always resulted in my receiving a lesser value product instead of another version of Bookworm Deluxe which cost more ? Now I 'm afraid to order software from Amazon because I do n't know what I will receive . As I 'd ordered early , I was committed in working with Amazon in correcting this problem and only after the third time did an associate in their Customer Service Dept admit that once the mistake is made it is almost impossible for Amazon to correct without the customer reordering . If it had not been a Christmas gift , I would have given up sooner and asked for a refund . But it was a promised gift that ended with my having a very dissappointed Bookworm lover . Can I recommend this product ? ... NO because chances are you will not receive it .
 My sister originally installed Bookworm Deluxe on my last computer -LRB- do n't know where she purchased it from -RRB- . Now I have a new computer and she does n't seem to know where her disk is . After some quick research I found out two things :1 -RRB- Amazon is selling `` New and Used Copies FROM -LSB- emphasis -RSB- $ 28.98 . One would think it was because the game was rare , but see # 2.2 -RRB- An online gaming store is selling the game . You can download a free hour trial . If you are member , it will cost you $ 6.99 . No shipping , because you download the game . If you lose the game for any reason -LRB- corrupt computer , etc -RRB- you can download it again , no charge . You already paid for it . If you are not a member and do n't want to join , it 's $ 9.99 . Same deal , no shipping costs and you can re-install the game as many times as necessary . To charge $ 28.98 for a might-not-work game -LRB- based on reviews I have read here -RRB- is ridiculous.I gave the overall game one star and the fun rating one star because I wanted to be sure my rating fell in the one-star category . Not because of the game itself , which is a terrific game -LRB- my top score so far is over 44 million -RRB- but because the price is insane . If my sister ca n't cough up her CD , I will go with my online gaming site because even if I were n't a member , it would be almost 1/3 the price of the Amazon sellers !
 I liked the game but you ca n't open the game to full screen . That is really not cool . I would like to enjoy the game full screen .
 This is a very useful organizational tool . I found it excellent for managing projects and when keeping notes for my fiction writing . However , you should be aware ... This program will only run on one computer at a time . When you start the program it automatically searches your local network -- without warning or permission -- to see if any other copy is already running . If it finds one , it will abort with a message telling you to buy another license key . If you use multiple computers around your home or office you could find yourself having to buy this program again and again , at $ 50 a pop .
 be aware this is an upgrade product ... you must have an older version of windows before you install it
 Was hoping for a smooth upgrade from Windows 2000 to XP Pro.Didn ' t happen . FYI - always back up before monkeying withupgrades!What a pain . I hope the OS works better than the upgrade process .
 loved this game as a kid but , cant even play this will not work at all on windows 7 , which realy sucked , i donated it to my local elementry school . it does work ok on the older comps .
 do n't buy this yet . it 's harder than heck to install -- still trying to get it installed after 3 shots with everything else turned off -- and it has lots of foreign locations for you to designate your home location , but not much good for cities over 100,000 in the US . Want to install in Russia or Kazaksta or Ghana or Egypt or Peru -LRB- Talara Peru for example -RRB- or Argentina , go right ahead . But , for example , no locations in Indiana US such as Gary , Fort Wayne , South Bend , Terre Haute , Evansville , so they 've left out a lot of people , but you can install in Evora in Portugal and Horsens in Denmark -LRB- nothing personal , I just wonder how may purchasers there may be in Evora -LRB- 55,000 -RRB- or Horsens -LRB- 55,000 -RRB- , versus Fort Wayne -LRB- 220,000 -RRB- or South Bend -LRB- 110,000 + 50,000 in next city -RRB- or Evansville -LRB- 120,000 -RRB- . Also , registration of the product is difficult . So US purchasers , be aware that this is not necessarily US-friendly and it is not easy to install , as the US locations seem to be picked sort of at random . I had hoped for better understanding of their likely customer base . Maybe they are looking up into the skies instead of at who might likely buy their stuff . I have purchased earlier versions of this software and was hoping for an improvement .
 I used Starry Night Backyard for years and decided to `` upgrade '' to Enthusiast . What a mistake ! The upgrade has several `` improvements '' that make it difficult to use . As usual , as with most products , some software programmer has to tinker with the user interface without knowing what he is doing and ends up ruining it.I wo n't list all the annoyances except to mention the biggest . When you set a date to view and then open the calendar , instead of opening the calendar to the date you are viewing -LRB- as Backyard does -RRB- , it opens to the current date . For example , I might be viewing a date five years in the future and open the calendar . To get to that date , I have to click and click , and click and ... , on the forward button until I reach the date in the calendar . Lord help you if you are viewing a sky a hundred or two hundred years in the future or past . A call to tech services resulted in a hohum , '' ... that 's the way it works and maybe we 'll look at changing it '' -LRB- fat chance ! -RRB- . I uninstalled this program and went back to Starry Night Backyard . I 'm hesistant about buying their more expensive programs because there is a good chance they all have the same or worse interfaces.My advice , search the internet and see if you can find a good inexpensive used version of Starry Night Backyard and stay away from this mess . This product is not worth the cost !
 Like the previous reviewer , my discs have just failed to install . Have n't the manufacturer 's heard of product recalls ? There should have been no faulty products remaining on retailers ' shelves this Christmas , given that this is a known problem .
 This may be the best value in the world , but when companies are not up front about product activation , I consider them outright deceptive . As a software developer myself , I understand how companies want to try and address piracy ; however , what am I suppose to do if this company ever goes out of business ? I build my own PCs and change over systems every two years or so and need to reload all my programs ... who knows where this company may end up next year or the year after that . If they go under and I need to reinstall , then what ? I make it a point to NEVER by any software requiring product activation and I would not have bought this if I had known - at least it was cheap . Companies , you want your customers to be honest - why are n't you ?? At least be up front if you 're going to require product activation so the consumer can make an informed purchase .
 Attempts to redesign a kitchen with floorplan 3d were pretty unsuccessful . The program lacks an intuitive interface , and I spent a lot of time fighting the controls . To make matters worse , often I simply could n't do things because the program had limited options - for example , when I tried to `` place '' windows and cabinets in a design , my efforts were blocked by a program that only really imagines standard sized cabinets , and a very limited number of standard sized windows.Visualizing `` results '' was dubious at best . In the end , I drew plans up by hand . It was a bit like buying a word processor program , and finding it so awful that you go back to writing with pen and paper . Pretty disappointing .
 I have purchased the FloorPlan 3D version . It states on the box that it provides 1000 eitable floor plans in the soft ware . There are no instructions in the User guide to find these . The text support to speak to a person cost $ 9.95 per call . That is not mentioned on the box . On the box it states that there is a 30 day Money back guarentee . It does not state that it is a limited warranty for defective disks only.I will be attempting to return this were I purchased it . Do n't buy !
 This is the first floorplan software that I have not been able to use out of the box . Oh the 3d is real nice - once you get the picture drawn - but getting the plan drawn is next to mpossible.If I could I 'd figure out a way to get my money back and find a better software program I would
 do n't buy this yet . it 's harder than heck to install -- had 3 shots trying to install with everything else -LRB- virus programs , etc. -RRB- turned off . Oh , it should n't be this tough.Finally once it somehow did install , I see it has lots of foreign locations to designate your home location , but not much good for cities over 100,000 in the US . Want to install in Russia or Kazaksta or Ghana or Egypt or Peru -LRB- Talara Peru for example -RRB- or Argentina , go right ahead . But , for example , no locations in Indiana US such as Gary , Fort Wayne , South Bend , Terre Haute , Evansville . So they 've left out a lot of US people . You can install in Evora in Portugal and Horsens in Denmark -LRB- nothing personal , I just wonder how may purchasers there may be in Evora -LRB- 55,000 -RRB- or Horsens -LRB- 55,000 -RRB- , versus Fort Wayne -LRB- 220,000 -RRB- or South Bend -LRB- 160,000 -RRB- or Evansville -LRB- 120,000 -RRB- . This is not a trivial issue , because this product should show the night sky above where you are . So where you are is very important here , unlike other products where nobody cares if you use your vacuum cleaner in Massachusetts or Michigan or Montana -- with this product you want the sky where you are . Also , registration of the product is difficult . So US purchasers , be aware that this is not necessarily US-friendly , and it is not easy to install . I had hoped for better understanding of a US customer base , but maybe they are looking up into the skies instead of at who might likely buy their stuff . I have purchased earlier versions of this software but current install issues plus poor US locations -LRB- uh , to explain once more , you put in your location so the software shows your own night sky , thus your location is very important for useability , it 's not just a trivial registration information type of thing -RRB- show this is not yet ready for the big time . It 's a shame because they otherwise might have a very good product .
 I purchased OrgPlus Version 4.0 . It indicated on the front of the box integrated data management , publish to web , publish to PDF , Excel Integration . It even has a paragraph on the back of the box with `` OrgPlus the complete solution ! '' Well , much to my surprise it fails to tell you that if want to do any integration items listed on the box or use with other software you have to `` upgrade '' to a more expensive version , but you are not told that until you load the program and start getting little pop-up boxes saying you ca n't do this without upgrading . I was very disappointed in this Version 4.0 OrgPlus , especially it 's packaging , which was very misleading .
 I was very disappointed in this software . It 's not really good for anything and I still have n't figure out why this was even released . I own Printmaster 15 , American Greetings Creata Card 8 , and an few other photo and scrapbook programs . This software has templates to make banners , cards , invitations , and all that stuff . The templates are few compared to other programs and then to customize them , well you really ca n't . If you try to start out with a blank template and add your own photos you are limited to what you can do . No borders , edging , font manipulating . It 's just insert the photo , do some basic photo touch ups and that is pretty much it . I wanted to add shadows , edges , frames to my pictures and could n't . The fonts could only be made in single color . You could not add outlines or drop shadows , NOTHING . Add the font , pick your size , pick your style , and that was it . You can only save to their 1 file format which of course only works with zoom . No e-mailing or file converting . What good is this program I have yet to find out . I spend time to make a birthday invitation from my own pictures . Well guess what , I could n't e-mail it to my guests . Print is all it does . Complete waste of money . This is the first software I ever purchased that I will be returning . Spend a few extra bucks and get something like Print Master , Print Shop , or something comparible.UPDATE
 This is by far the most basic editing/creative package that I have ever used . I have been using every version of Print Shop since some of their early versions . I have Print Shop 22 and was haveing issues with printing in MS Vista . I figured that I would be able to purchase one of Broderbund 's similar products -LRB- one made for Vista -RRB- and it would be similar in style and usage . Wrong . I was not able to import other Print Shop projects , printing is limited , no drag and drop feature from other programs , limited editing , formating of text is off when copying from one document to another , sizing pictures and text boxes while editing projects is limited to dragging corners only , and on-and-on . I tried to use Broderbund 's tech support page , but it is very limited to their FAQ section . Try asking a question or emailing for help ; good luck . I will fumble with this product for awhile -LRB- only because I can print more than one page at a time , because PS 22 in Vista only allows for this -RRB- and wait until the next compatible version of PS comes out for Windows Vista . I would have thought there would of at least been a patch by now . I think they may have made Zoom the way it is now to allow for newer , better versions . I hope this helps ...
 Terrible software . My printer will not print my projects from Zoom though it prints all other software just fine . You ca n't save your projects to jpg or other similar formats ... only to a Zoom format-which means you ca n't send your creations to anyone or anywhere!I needed this software to create ebay auction ads . Well , I can create the ad -LRB- with limited features and limited creativity -RRB- but I ca n't sent the files to ebay or anywhere else.What good is software that I ca n't print from or send ??? You ca n't use shading in this version . You ca n't use freehand cropping -LRB- only can crop with a square box shape -RRB- . And the clip art/click art is n't very good either.Just a waste of my money ... a total waste .
 This product is so immense -LRB- 40,000 images -RRB- that it takes hours to download , and the program itself moves terrible slow . The description of the product in its ads does not seem to represent what the program can actualy do . Almost unusable ...
 This product was not compatible with my computer so I sent it back . It was not compatible with windows 7 .
 This was nothing I expected sorry I made the purchase . This was purchased on amazon and I will stay away from purchaseing items like this again .
 I also was very disappointed in the fact that the invitations I spent a lot of time working on were not able to be saved as . jpg file , so I could print them off using a photo service rather than my printer . I did figure out a way to save the file as . bmp though . I went to my printer preferences and under `` finishing '' I checked the box to `` show print preview '' . When the preview came up there was a save button I was able to click . This saved the file as a . bmp . I did test it and was able to email the invitation . When I opened the attached file the quality was not the best.HTH those who want to e-mail the invites .
 Print Shop Zoom has soured me on anything from Broderbund for life . Not only does my copy of this piece of junk not work -LRB- the only button that is functional is `` Save , '' but since it saves in a format that is for all practical purposes unusable , why bother ? -RRB- . The Copy button is n't even clickable , except for one lone instance when my mouse click seemed to depress the button . But alas , it did not copy . And no , Control C does n't work either . I could find no way to convert the file format to one that is more versatile , and good luck trying to get any help from Broderbund ! In fact when I filled out the request for tech support , what I received in reply was downright insulting . They told me to go to the help files , and to their website . As if I had not already done all of that to no avail . I wrote back telling them -- again ! -- the problems I was having were not addressed in either place , and to please give me some technical assistance or I was going to return the software for a refund . Apparently that was fine with them , because I got zilch in the way of assistance . They did say if I had not bought it directly from them , I should request tech support from Encore Software . Well , I did , and what was their response ? After the very same song and dance as Broderbund , they then tell me they can not help me as their tech support is limited to `` crashes , error messages and lockups . '' I guess in their opinion , a program that does n't work right out of the box does n't qualify as any of the above?No more Broderbund for me ! They 've sunk to a new low ! I 'm returning the software and I 've already instructed them to remove me from their mailing list .
 I was told by the company to try this it would be similar to print shop for now until version 23 comes out . It is not at all like print shop !! If you are familiar with print shop and like it and want it to work with Vista I would save your money and wait for version 23 to be released !
 Buy this product only if you are already proficient with Front Page . This is not a program for the Web beginner .
 From the day i installed it on my iMac and -LRB- and then on my MacBook -RRB- it gave me more error messages than anyone could expect . i kept being told to reinstall the program . i did and it still came up with the same error messages and the same reinstall message . It is much more trouble than it is worth and i would never buy the product again . If you have it and want to get rid of it , you can not trash it like any other Mac application . You must put the original disk in and use the uninstall program . Otherwise you will never be rid of the nuisance .
 As a long-time satisfied NAV user on the PC side I decided to go with NAV 9 for mac with my new iBook . I have tried running the scan three times . The first two I cancelled after 3 hours without completion . The scan runs slowly but just about grinds to a halt when scanning the python files -LRB- . pyc , . pyo , etc. -RRB- . I am now in the middle of my third try and after 2 1/2 hours it is still going . I think it is shameful that Symantec would release this product as compatible with Panther when it clearly is not . The suggestions I have gotten from Symantec tech support have been worthless !
 I could n't be more disappointed . I have installed it successfully twice in the past , but my latest effort has been nothing but disappointment . I have been working on this for a number of hours , and continually get stuck on the NAV Update , where it successfully retrieves the various update files , but ca n't apply the last `` Virus Def '' -LRB- or at least could n't Process it in 8 hours ... -RRB- . Worse , is that the product refuses all attempts to uninstall itself either -LRB- Unknown errors ... -RRB- . So , I 'm left with a newly built machine , with a non-functioning NAV which wo n't successfully install nor uninstall . I am quickly reaching a point where I will need to wipe this disk and reinstall OSX from stratch . An anti-virus program should not be written so poorly to have to require this ...
 Sure , you can buy this software and protect your Mac , but the question is , `` Why would you want to waste your money ? '' There has not yet been one virus written for the Macintosh . -LRB- That 's right , not a single one . -RRB- And even if you download a Windows virus , it wo n't work , because Windows programs ca n't run on Macs . Also , Microsoft Word 's macro system can deliver viruses , but these do not operate on the Mac , much as a Windows virus can not operate on the Mac . Do n't waste your money on a product that protects you from viruses that do n't exist .
 This program does something very few programs on the market do . As a DVD Recorder owner Ulead DVD Movie Factory 2 was one of the few programs that allowed me to take the Sub-Par menu 's created on a DVD settop recorder and edit them on a PC making them nicer . DVDMF2 had some drawbacks as you had to have title menus.Ulead has put out DVDMF3 which has many improved features such as slightly more advanced video editing , and motion menu 's . Here is where the major problem begins.The box for this program * CLEARLY * says that you can edit standalone recorded discs , something I succesfully did with DVDMF2 . DVDMF3 though for some reason thinks that my 4.7 gig DVD is 9.4 gigs !!! The only way I was able to burn an edited DVD was by selecting `` burn to folder '' as `` burn to disc '' would n't allow any burning since the software thinks that your dvd is 9 gigs even though it 's only 4 gigs and after it 's burned to a folder you can go in and burn it with NERO.THE PROBLEMS GET WORSE
 I 've been trying to use this software for some time . I kept thinking it had to be me . However , I 've given up and I will search for something else to use . My problems were :1 . Could not control my Sony DV camcorder . In any other mode except AVI recording , the camcorder would record fast forward . Ulead 's online forum had a few other people complaining about this , but there did n't seem to be an answer to this .2 . The conversion to DVD format was exceptionally slow .3 . The included Help was almost useless for explaining use of the software .4 . After one final attempt at a 40 minute DV tape , I got an hour into the conversion to DVD format when an unspecified critical error occured and the program terminated . This happened two times in a row .5 . Online help consists of a forum . No significant knowledge base to help troubleshoot problems.I gave this program a 2 because the program does open without crashing my computer and because the effects -LRB- scene transitions , menu backgrounds , etc. -RRB- included are nice . Also , it does come with one of the better paperback manuals I 've seen in a while .
 I have had nothing but problems . Movie size errors , burn problems , and playback problems . Then when I sent an email to the `` technical support '' -LRB- for a simple playback problem -RRB- , I received a prompt reply . I received a blanket response telling me to un-install the software , and other listed files and then re-install program , including 3 update files . Did n't work though , now the software will not burn at all , and the software hangs . I would stay away from this product . I had it for 3 months before -LRB- trying -RRB- burning a DVD . If I would have tried it when I first purchased it , I would of had to wait 3 month for the `` updates '' that have just been released , that did n't fix anything !!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this product awhile ago thinking it would be pretty cool . Maybe I 'm just used to using Pinnacle Studio 9 , but I did n't really like this one.The video controls were just not usable . From trimming and cutting to adding effects and trying to complete a menu for a dvd , it just did n't perform well.I ca n't say too much more on it since I gave it away to a friend of mine . He does n't even use it now . He uses the moviemaker that came with Windows XP because even that program is better than this product.If you are looking for something decent to buy , get Studio 9 . It 's easier to use and has better tutorials .
 I 'm not sure this product deserves a `` one star '' rating because I was never able to use it . Since none of what came with my new computer mentioned the built-in firewall , I thought I needed one . Wrong . After trying to install the program with no success , I finally checked Symantec 's website and found the problem . Amazon wo n't refund opened software but Symantec will for this problem . Still waiting for my refund ...
 Storefront by LeGarde used to be a great company , but unfortunately after LeGarde sold the company to Dydacomp , they have become hallow with respect to customer service . But let 's start at the beginning.I had been a user of Storefront 5.0 and was well pleased . As time and the web browser technologies moved on , I decided to upgrade to Storefront 6.0 which is an ASP.NET application versus a classic ASP app as was 5.0 . Many of the upgrades I wanted were part of 6.0 and I looked to amazon where I found a brand-new still-in-the-shrink-wrap with a sealed CD et all from a great amazon seller who decided to use amazon 's storefront versus setting up their own storefront using Storefront 6 . They decided to sell the unused package and I decided to buy.I purchased the product eagerly ready to assimilate my old site into the new platform . I went to LeGarde 's knowledge base where I was instructed to use a specific URL to register my software . Surprise ! The new company has taken down the URL.I sent an email asking me to add me to their database . I received a smart-ass answer from their support insulting me by telling me that I should purchase Storefront 7 from them and to ` demand ' a refund from the amazon seller . What ?? How dare they . Think I am kidding ? The email is pasted in next . > =========================================================================== > Hello Mike , StoreFront 6 is at the end of its life cycle and has minimal support . The registration of StoreFront products was made simpler about 2 years ago . The link you provided is no longer used . To obtain a login and password you would need to contact the seller you bought StoreFront 6 from on Amazon . They would need to login to their account at http://support.storefront.net/ and submit a request for change of ownership . If they do not have their login information they will need to contact us on your behalf to submit the change of ownership for them . Without this information you will be unable to register your site with our licensing server and your site will eventually throw a licensing error until registered . The alternative is that you demand a refund from them and then purchase StoreFront 7 through us . > =========================================================================== Perhaps no one at this company realizes that if you treat an upgrading customer like this , what reason is there to purchase their latest . Readers of this review should know that the amazon seller tried everything to get the Dydacomp 's Storefront to help . In the end the transaction failed , but not because of the amazon seller.The purpose of this review is to let the public know that they will not receive the same level of support if they purchased from previously authorized resellers of LeGarde . Your support does not grandfather in . Very strange indeed . Of course acquiring companies do not have to honor the prior owner 's commitment to customer service , but would n't it be nice if they did.Finally , I have the highest regard for the amazon seller who tried everything to make the situation right . I am satisfied with the solution offered by the seller to make it right .
 Unbelievable . 20 years ago this might have been decent . In 2011 it 's an embarrassment . I purchased this so I could do BWCA route planning . I naively assumed it would allow me to use the cursor to draw a rectangle or square for zooming in on . This would be perfect , as it would allow me to frame a large area and give me enough detail to see the best lake-to-lake route from one side of an area to the other . Instead , Topo ! presents me with five preset levels for zooming
 If you 're looking for a map to help you plan a trip to the Boundary Waters , then do n't waste your money . These maps do not show portages or campsites .
 Bought the software to use with an 851 router . The router software was so ridiculously buggy , I never even bothered to open or install the VPN client software . Just returned the router -LRB- for a full and complete refund - thank you Amazon -RRB- . However , the VPN client return was completely rejected by the vendor Galactics , since it did n't have the original -LRB- non-Cisco -RRB- box . The CD was never removed from the sleeve , and the protection label never disturbed , so it should have at the worst received a restocking fee . Will never do business with Galactics again .
 Virtual PC -LRB- VPC -RRB- 3.0 had worked extremely well for me for several years using Mac OS 8.5 and 9.0 . When I switched my business over to OS X I had no choice but to upgrade to VPC 6.0 . I use VPC for exactly two tasks
 Works great , but MANY people have had a hard time getting the computer to recognize the device . Software will often say `` Please plug in your sensor '' , when the device is already plugged in!IF you get it to work you will be VERY happy with the results -- just be prepared for an endless series of downloading drivers , re-installing , re-booting , etc , etc. .
 I was happy to finally get my many computers aligned with the proper calibration tool . Unfortunatley , this is a failed product . I tried calibrating many of my computers - a have a dual screen LCD setup , another wide screen design machine , and 3 laptops . I used the Spyder on 4 of them already , and it 's really awful . Why are these reviews so good - this product is weak , too complicated , asks for too many manual adjustments and has not really calibrated anything . It 's really just been a waste of my time . I am going to search for a real tool . This is just terrible .
 Bad judgment on my part for buying the Colorvision Spyder2PRO . I want to calibrate my DLP TV . This product will not do that.Colorvision 's instructions for this gear are poor .
 Though I have not printed after caliberation -LRB- I did 3 of my laptop monitors -RRB- , but hardware is very good and easy to install . But reasons for my such poor rating of Spyder2 Pro is `` pathetic '' guidence and instructions . First , let me say a few words about support
 I had better results without using this thing . It changed my monitor color so much that I could not get a photograph printed as good as just using my defaults on my printer & Monitor . It may be good for some people but it did not work for me . I had to return it .
 I hope I can stop you from making the same mistake !!!!!!!! PLEASE Read on ... Let me start by saying that I 've been surprised to find myself a big fan of the recent Barbie movies and software . My daughter and I have enjoyed playing Rapunzel , Swan Lake , Princess and the pauper all multiple times . I did n't even hesitate to spend the $ 29 on this game . How could they have done so well on the others and made this one such a disaster?The production quality is vastly different than the others . From the very beginning you notice a drastic difference . It 's as if this was their very first attempt at making a software game . Maybe they have n't gone back as far as PONG or PacMan ... but it 's pathetically close!You continually have to steer Barbie using the arrow keys and it 's not at all a smooth ride . Sometimes it 's as if you are behind her steering her and others you are suddenly over her head looking down at her . It 's so awkward , will make you dizzy , irritated , and then eventually feel motion sick ! Seriously , I have such a headache !!! I kept hoping it would get better , but I evetually quit the game and have no intentions of ever finishing or playing it again . I feel badly now that I got my daughter so excited about it.I was really looking forward to enjoying this new game and now regret having spent money on it . At the time I ordred it there were no reviews . Hopefully I can save you from making the same mistake .
 I got this game when my mom and I were spending time together . I wish I had not bought it . It 's a waste of money . I finished it in a couple of hours and I 'll never play with it again . It 's maybe more for 4 year olds not 8 years old like me .
 I bought this for my 8 year old daughter . We sat down together to play it and I noticed right away the HORRENDOUS quality of the graphics . Oh my gosh , the Barbies did n't even look like Barbies and there were quite a few fuzzy spots and the landscape was blocky . When she talked , her mouth wrinkles up weird and the rest of her face is like stone.The second bad thing about the game is when two hours later , my daughter said , `` Mom , I wish I had n't got this game . I 've already beat it . ''
 this is a cute game but needs some changes like a better challenging game or some neat and pretty graphics oh yah and its a plot change because the story in the game dosent follow the story in the movie ! its a weired , easy and basically ugly game ! im sorry for the people who like it just that thats my oponionfacts : terrible graphicsdosnt follow the story plot lineopinion : easy game -LRB- maybe good for under 6 -RRB- not as fun as the movie!hope it helps and remember my opinion dosnt count ! but the facts do !
 I bought this game as soon as I saw it as my daughter and I both love and play all of the other Barbie games by Vivendi Universal.I could n't even get this game to work properly on my PC AND my system meets all of the requirements . DO NOT BUY THIS !!!! As far as Vivendi Universal goes ... . I will NOT be so eager to purchase anymore of their products . The robbed me of $ 30 !!!
 I bought this game for my daughter at Christmas and I wish I could take it back . She wants me to watch her play it but I ca n't , I get headaches watching it . The quality is horrible and the story line was changed but despite all that , she loves the game . It 's very easy to play and she beat it within an hour . Next time I will definitely check the reviews out before buying and I hope you all do too !
 We have several of the Barbie pc games and have been pleased with the quality of all of them , except this one . When we first installed this one , my daughter -LRB- at the time was 5 -RRB- had a lot of fun navigating through the mazes . She was a bit frustrated at first because this is a lot more like a video game . Multiple keys are needed to move Barbie around , like the arrows and space bar . Once she got used to it she enjoyed it and wanted to play it often.The problem is this game will not save to my computer even though my pc fits all the requirements . I had to uninstall and re-install every time my daughter wanted to play . This got old fast so now it has been sitting on a shelf because no one wants to be bothered with it.My husband -LRB- a computer whiz who incidently built my computer to play games like everquest -RRB- contacted technical support and they were of no help , insisting that the computer must not meet the requirements . It 's too bad . This game had a lot of Kindergarden/1st grade level math games in it that made learning fun .
 This is the first Barbie computer game we purchased . I was very disappointed in the quality of graphics and sound . It really reminds me of computer games from 15 years ago . I played the original King 's Quest games and THEY were better than this.There is little or no explanation of what or how to do anything and it is NOT intuitive . Yesterday , my daughter -LRB- 5 1/2 -RRB- was playing it and was told to stand on the circle matching the one Shiver is on . She did , and nothing happened . My husband tried , and nothing happened . I tried , and nothing happened . DD finally figured out -LRB- after MUCH time -RRB- that after standing on the circle , you had to press the space bar . There was no indication that was needed and no where else in the game -LRB- that I could see -RRB- was that a requirement for any other activity.On top of the poor graphics , sound , and ease of use ~ the game is completely pointless . You just walk around and around and you keep looking for that -LRB- !! -RRB- Shiver ! FINALLY after hours of play , my DD told me she found an area that you can play games . But , even to her , they seemed pretty lame . Of course , she keeps playing the blasted game because it is Barbie and she loves it.Save your money ! I got this 1/2 off at a Scholastic Warehouse sale and even THAT was too much . This is definitely not worth the aggravation .
 I bought this game for my 5 year old - who loves Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus . Big Mistake ! My husband and I have had to help her with most of the game . Eventually , we all gave up . At one point in the game you have to use the mouse in a circular motion to change the `` horse '' into Brietta . We gave up because we all had sore arms from trying ! If you want to buy a great `` Barbie '' computer game . . choose Barbie Princess and the Pauper ! The game is fun and my 5 year old loves it ! This game was a Christmas present and I would return it if I could !!!
 When I first put this in the computer I thought it was a badly burnt fake copy , the quality is TERRIBLE and I have more than the minimum system requirements . It is too difficult to move Barbie around , the silly arrow key movements are too difficult - she wo n't walk in the direction you face her , the angle keeps changing and I was suffering a major case of vertigo watching/helping my daughter play it.The Princess and the Pauper game also has arrow movements -LRB- but thankfully you can use the mouse for most of it -RRB- , but they are much easier than this one . Save your money and buy the Rapunzel game -LRB- our favourite -RRB- or the Princess and Pauper game , the Pegasus game is rubbish . Really poor graphics , difficult to move Barbie around , sound is way below par - a big disappointment - I 'll be using this one as a coaster for my coffee cup !
 At $ 30 this is a fine product for someone who does not want to design a card as the only changes that can be made to the several thousand cards are in the name , phone number and address . The location of text can not be changed and graphics can not be imported . Once I realized that this was not a program for me I deleted it and manually had to delete the extra fonts added by this program as my OS complained about too many fonts . My Print Shop program is more versatile .
 I currently have American Greetings CreataCard Gold 3 , and I love it . It has been so easy to use , and I like the fact that I can create an envelope , which comes up with my return address already on it , and address it with a single click of the mouse . Then I can change the font and add an image . With the Platinum 8 , I have not been able to do that at all . I tried to do their `` Mail Merge '' , even had the instructions in front of me , but it would not work . The setup is not nearly as handy to use , and it is always trying to send me to the Internet for images . I am very disappointed with this product .
 I have Create a Card Platinum 5 and really like it . I have n't upgraded for some time because I thought it was good as is . But I decided to buy the Platinum 8 to check it out . What a rip off . Hardly any upgrades at all in the format . A few new graphics , but what was available to me before is now only available on line . I felt taken buying this and think this company should be ashamed of themselves .
 I wish I could give them zero stars.Broderbund pulled support for software I owned only 2 years after it was released.I was unable to install it because it required internet registration which was no longer supported . To solve the problem , they offered to SELL me a different software title.They must have thought I was stupid . They expected me to give them more money ??? This company has second rate software and third rate customer service . Do not buy anything from them .
 I do n't know what the heck is up ? Has anyone noticed that W95.CIH.Damaged was included with this CD ??? Great . I pay all this money , and now I have an -LRB- considered to Norton -RRB- `` unremovable '' virus , and that the CD was infected.Want a virus ? Try this CD .
 Disappointing ! Had used AGC 7 for a couple of years when somehow it started to log out during the middle of a session . I hoped upgrading to AGC Platinum 8 would elimnate the problem . Still have the same problem . Broderbund offers no solution .
 This soft ware was n't what I expected.I had been using American Greetings Creatacard 6 for a while.Both had simular art and activities.Wasn ' t much different , but 6 costed 10.00 less than 8 . I wish I had n't purchased it.Seller was great but I was disapointed in product .
 I 've been using CreataCard for eight years . This is my third updated version . The previous version was Gold 2 . I have to agree with the other two who wrote their reviews , in that I was disappointed . What I really missed was the rotating screen saver . Another feature that was changed was the art format , which you could open like a book . I 'm fortunate in that I still have the Gold 2 . If this is your first version of CreataCard , it 's worth the buy . If you have , as I do , Gold 2 , save your money . In all fairness , since I did n't pay full price , I have chosen to keep the Platinum 8 version , but I will not buy another update .
 So far this is a real dud , much less then I had expected . I have used creatacard 3 plus in the past and this ca n't come close to being as nice as that one . Platinum 8 does not have the calender with all of the holiday capabilities . I am having trouble printing out my calender in the landscape mode . `` Forget me not '' will not appear when I turn on my computer which I miss a lot .
 I 'm a big fan of AG CreateaCard - version 7 . Was looking forward to this one , but had to send it back . The kidPix module never worked at all . Often times when I had the program running , it would shut down without notice and I 'd have to reboot my NEW system . Just did n't work for me !
 05 Aug 2010 - This software is no longer supported by the manufacturer or their agents and can not be installed or reinstalled because the web site is no longer available for registering the product - which is an integral part of the installation process . I have searched the web for information regarding this problem and have come up with a bunch of people with the same complaints . This is surely a resolvable situation so why has n't it been sorted .
 American Greetings Creatacard is a great old program . Unfortunately , it just is n't compatable with anything new . The developers have done nothing to stay up to date . I lost a bunch of stuff on my computer -LRB- records and a diary that were important to me -RRB- because the softward is so lame . Toooooo bad ...
 This has been some time back , as I 've been afraid to use any CreataCard software since . I went to install the program and something happened that I could not install it . I tried over and over . Not knowing if it was the CD or my computer -LRB- it was getting old , in computer world old -RRB- I just put it aside for whatever reason . I used my always faithful The Print Shop , from Version 6 where I began to Deluxe 22 where VISTA will not accept . -LRB- grrrrrrr !!!!!! -RRB- Please do n't ask me about Vista , as that 's another huge issue . Basically I hate it . Anyway , eventually we got a new computer and I loaded the CreataCard and the same thing happened and the notes from my monitor were sounding more desperate . So no more CreataCard . I know have a new computer , again , and am considering getting CreataCard once again , but have read most of the reviews and will read the rest to consider which version sounds best . The reviews here are invaluable . I thank you that so many took the time to write in .
 this product was very hard to use , now I see it has been discontinued by the manufacturer , good riddance .
 I have used earlier versions of CreataCard and have been very pleased with every upgrade . But not this time . While there are many nice graphics , the majority -LRB- and in some categories - all -RRB- of graphics require you be online to even view them . If you ` paste ' the item , then you have to wait while the graphic downloads . Many of the artwork that had previously been on my PC are now only available if I 'm online . I have written the company ; they acknowledged that the majority of graphics were online and advised me to turn off that feature or to upgrade !!! I told them I wanted my money back .
 I have Creatacard Gold 3 and love it . Wanted to Purchase more , but since being bought out by Broderbund , the option for expanding the cards on the CD 's was taken away . The only option available is to purchase a newer version . I was okay with that , but discovered that the newer version does n't even come close in quality , variety , or ease of use . If you 've used the earlier versions and are looking for more cards , do NOT waste your money or time on this inferior product .
 I HAVE OWNED MANY AMERICAN GREETINGS PROGRAMS IN THE PAST AND THIS ONE IS THE WORST !! ... THE ONLINE IMAGES DO N'T WORK FOR SOME REASON ... EVERYTIME I TRY TO LOOK AT THEM THE PROGRAM SHUTS OFF ... I CA N'T EVEN DESIGN MY OWN CARD ! I HAVE TO MAKE THE PRE-MADE ONES ONLY ... NO WONDER ALL THE AMERICAN GREETINGS PROGRAMS ARE DISCONTINUED AND NO LONGER HAVE ANY CUSTOMER SUPPORT AVAILABLE ... BUY HALLMARK CARD STUDIO 2004 OR PRINTMASTER PLATINUM 16.0 ...
 Very disappointing . I had been using CreataCard Gold -LRB- Copywrite 1997 -RRB- and was very happy with it . I purchased version 8 hoping for the same user-friendly interface and more professional quality greeting cards with multiple greetings.I found this version 's interface to be cumbersome . The size of the cards was too small to see prior to selection . When I scrolled the view kept bouncing backward . The cards were nearly all cartoon quality -- few nice , professional quality like the first version . Most of the cards were accessible only via the Internet . DEFINITELY NOT AN IMPROVEMENT OVER THE ORIGINAL CREATACARD GOLD . KNOWING WHAT I KNOW NOW , I WOULD NOT HAVE BOUGHT IT .
 I started with creatacard 2 . I loved it so I got creatacard 3 . I liked that even better so I got creatacard 4 . This was a total waste of my money . It is so different from the original product that I ca n't believe that they could even use the same name . A total waste of time and money for anything after version 3 .
 I am an owner of CreataCard Gold 3 . I love it but it is outdated so I decided to upgrade to the CreataCard Platinum 8 . I am very disappointed . I can not use the old version saved files it doesnt reconize them . You can not send an email of the card without the whole shop showing . It is much harder to use . I dont think it is user friendly.I wish I had read these reviews before purchacing it . To anyone that has the old version do not upgrade . To those who do not have the older version then good luck to you .
 I agree with D. Davis -LRB- Honolulu -RRB- . I have been using CreataCard Gold 3 for years and tried the upgrades and gave up on them as they are not a patch on CreataCard Gold 3 . I usually like Broderbund products but they need to go back to the drawing board or better still go back to Gold 3I . Renton , Scotland
 I could not even get this installed.After searching the website for Broderbund and receiving unbelievably complicated instructions to install , it still did not work . You can not call them because the only reason this company will talk to you on the phone is to sell you something . There is no e-mail support for this product , probably because they could not possibly hire enough staff to support this service because this product is so bad.I e-mailed Riverdeep which owns Broderbund and they have sent me a form letter e-mail instructing me to do everything I had done so far with no further help.I also had to do a long complicated process to remove a previous version from my computer and to finally remove the mess that was created from trying to install this program.Don ' t waste your time or money on products from this company .
 I enjoy creating cards on the computer with other programs but this takes the fun out of it . I was very disappointed with the payout and design of the cards . It takes forever to get one card done . It is NOT easy to design the cards they are complicated and hard to read the writing . Not impressed at all with this product and will not buy from again .
 I definetly like the Gold 3 version better than Gold 8 . My prime reason for changing was the I bought a new computer and Gold 3 was not comaptible with the new software . I used the forget me not reminders the most and 8 simply does n't match up , and that is really to bad . I don not like that there is n't calendar reminders like there was in 3 and Gold 8 simply is n't as easy to navigate in the reminder area . The shipping aspect was very quick and overall service great .
 Have bought several upgrades thru ' the years and have always gone back to Create-A-Card Gold 3 for it 's ease of use and simplicity . Are there improvements I would like to see happen to Gold 3 ? You bet but I 'm not spending any more money on American Greetings software only to be disappointed once again .
 I have been using Creatacard 3 ever since it came out many years ago . I use it for my cards and for all of my envelopes that I address , and it contains my address book , calendar and reminders . It is very user friendly and I thought that it was so good that Creatacard Platinum 8 would be tremendous . How wrong I was , Creatacard 8 is very user unfriendly and and does not do many of the great features of Creatacard 3 . I tried it several times but finally gave up and went back to Creatacard 3 which does the job just fine but I could use some new cards and graphics . Now I am in trouble because I bought a new computer that is 64 bits and Creatacard 3 is 16 bits , very non compatible . Does anyone know of a program that I could buy that would be as good as Creatacard 3 but be compatible with my new computer ? I loved the feature on Creatacard 3 that allowed me to choose the size of my envelopes . Can someone please help me ? We all seem to be having the same problem but I do not see a solution . Creatacard 8 is just to complicated for a senior citizen . topcard
 Description of product did not provide what operating system -LRB- s -RRB- it would work with any both computers at this location do not have any of the appropriate version of Windows . It was a misleading listing in my opinion and seller will not refund money .
 Can someone help me out and give me the name of the company that created this Creatacrad gold 3 I would also appreciate the address so i can contact them.Thanks
 The vendor did not ship the GOLD edition which was advertised . I returned the product and have not heard from the vendor . I am very disappointed.John McLaughlin
 I should have believed all the reviews before I bought this . This is a piece of junk . The JPEG function does not work and the pdfs come out grainy at best . I searched all over for calendar software and this appeared to be the best of the bunch . You would do better to create a word document and fill in the dates !
 This software is full of bugs . The events disappear when you change them or will not change on the calendar even though they show updated on the event list . I would make changes so that the events would show , save them and then when I reopened the calendar the changes would be gone . When you limit your list of events and then go to the calendar , the calendar does n't update based on your event choices . Everytime I added a ` facing picture ' they showed up blank . When I tried to have the calendar show in landscape all the pictures I had entered on the events were distorted . The help is useless . The anniversary count adds extra text for what gift you should buy that year and you ca n't get the extra words off . To use ` count ' instead of anniversary count -LRB- to get rid of the words -RRB- you have to put in the wrong year to get it to count correctly . Many times I would set the repeat rule to Every Year only to have it change itself to Repeat Once -LRB- which removed it from the calendar -RRB- . Very frustrating ! There has to be a better product .
 Terrible , terrible , terrible . Good luck placing a photo of your own into this thing . And once you do go look at the print preview - what happened . Total crap .
 This is the most useless caledar creator I have ever used in over 20 years of personal computing . It is supposed to be customizable but that is a joke . The options are limited . The user can enter a standard list of events such as U.S. holidays or Jewish holidays but once they are on the calendar , they can not be edited . Nor can the user use different colors to indicate different classes of events or meetings . The Help section is virtually useless.Context help is not available . They should give this program away .
 Many bugs . Dialog boxes have garbage in them . Edits are sometimes ignored . Font list has many duplicates . Text is improperly kerned -LRB- uneven spacing -RRB- . Save to PDF driver can hang , requiring a re-boot . Etc , etc. . .
 The Calendar Creator product is useless for all but the very lucky . The software appears to be impossible to install without customer support and there IS NO customer support . It has proven to be impossible getting any help at all from Broderbund either on-line or by phone . We have been trying for two months and have spent almost as much in long distance charges -LRB- all of it on hold -RRB- as we spent on the product . Steer Clear !
 I have used several versions of this product -LRB- hoping it would get better -RRB- and you can definitely lose access to your data . Sometimes just one event , sometimes you ca n't even run the software without re-installing . It can make nice-looking calendars , but I would n't use it to store data -LRB- such as your schedule -RRB- that you might need later . It has some other quirks such as creating giant -LRB- > 1 megabyte -RRB- PDF 's -LRB- exporting to JPEG makes a smaller file ! -RRB- etc , but the potential for data loss is the worst aspect . Oh , and lots of irritating bugs too , for example entering a new event after 11pm -LRB- clock time -RRB- will usually be frustrating because it will automatically bridge to the next day , which you will have to undo manually . Same problem if you have an event from , say , 1pm - 10pm and you want to change it to 3pm - 10pm . You had best first change 10pm to 8pm , then change 1pm to 3pm -LRB- which will automatically change 8pm to 10pm -RRB- , otherwise it will bridge it to the next day , turn it into a banner , etc and backing out will take longer than the method described above . Oh , and when you create an event , and then choose to have it on several days , it will warn you with a popup you have to dismiss as you add each new day , so you learn to first add the last day -LRB- you get warned about that -RRB- , then add the in-between days . But sometimes it will silently delete the original day , for no discernible reason -LRB- you 'll notice this when you are done editing , the event has mysteriously disappeared from that day -RRB- . Sometimes , it will decide that the events do n't fit in the box , so it will make all the text really small , but you can fix this by manually adding a blank event , and suddenly it all fits ! I could go on for hours ...
 This is by far the worst calendar program EVER ! I absolutely abhor it . It is not at all user friendly . It randomly prints boxes where you did n't create them . The functionality to move calendar entries from one month to another does n't exist ... you have delete the entry and completely recreate . Unfortunately , I 'm stuck with it because my boss likes the way it looks ... too bad he does n't have to struggle with it !
 In order to use this software it seems one would need to have a degree in graphic information technology and I 'm not sure even that person would be able to use it . The company provides no support for persons having difficulty using the program and the `` Help Center '' is not structured in a useful manner .
 This program is very weak and the support is horrible . I needed assistance to create one month on 2 pages for a wall calendar and it is not possible - however - they would never tell me this . They said it could do this and I bought it and the program can not do what they said it could . I could get NOONE to answer my question . The on line support is worthless as is their help tutorial .
 I did not like the fact that I had to insert the disk for clip art . I went back to Calendar Creator 9.0
 I have not purchased this yet but I felt it was important to inform Encarta that their data on polonium on the Encarta web-site is incorrect and could prove very misleading to young scientists looking for information.There are so many errors that I do not wish to list them - suffice to say that they should urgently get a nuclear scientist to review this data and make the necessary corrections . Perhaps they have already done so in this premium version but if they have they should also correct it on the Encarta web-site . Best wishes.Savio Sequeira PhD Radiological Protection Institute of IrelandScientific Officer 3 Clonskeagh SquareClonskeagh RoadPhone
 I liked Home Architect Version 8 , but then I tried Version 9 because I thought it would be better . After 10 minutes of this program , I wanted to toss it out the door . See , this program is n't owned by the original company anymore , they 're owned by Punch ! Software . - Any means to customize objects such as Counters or Appliances have been removed . You can Scale them , but you can not increase or decrease the width . - If you have knowledge with 3DS Max , you could create a 3D Object , but otherwise you need to use the Objects that Punch ! provides . Sacrifices will be made because many vital 3D Objects wo n't be available.Want to rotate your Object ? No problem ! Each time you want to do it , just click on Edit , click on Rotate , type in the Number of Degrees to Rotate , click on the `` Degrees '' button , then click Okay . In the previous version , each Object would have a Square and a Triangle . You 'd just click on the Triangle on the Object , then Rotate . That 's been removed.The Generate Project has been removed . Want to know what you have used ? What the project will cost ? Too bad.They removed the Design Wizard completely . The reason I liked 3D Home Architect was because it was different than AutoCAD or DeltaCAD . Those who were n't too knowledgable with those two programs could try 3D Home Architect because the Easy-to-Use Software was more driven towards people who just wanted to make up a quick Floor Plan.It took me over an Hour just to build the Kitchen . The counters just would not align themselves properly . Objects seemed incomplete , or improperly designed.Remember the Grid Lock , Object Lock , or Alignment Lock ? They 've been removed.Getting a specific Camera View on your House no longer exists . You 're just given a 3D Model of your home that you can walk around with the Mouse . You could do that in the previous version too , but they stripped out all the other Features in 3D Mode.Sure , you can purchase this product , you could download it at their website but there 's no Trial Software , No Refunds , No Exchanges ... It says there 's Refunds or Exchanges on the website , but they do n't tell you which ones . EVEN with the Proof of Purchase , tough luck.If the developers happen to read this , 3D Home Architect WAS a GREAT program . This is just incomplete . It 's like you 've released it way too early.I have an idea ... Go back to Schhol for Programming & Design because Version 9 is just a headache . It 's incomplete , and much more inaccessible , difficult , and frustrating than Version 8 . A Trial Version really needs to be offered , otherwise you 're just conning people out of $ 40.00 + per product sold.To everyone else , I 've said my piece . You 're welcome to purchase it , but I guarantee that once you 've seen just how bad this program is , you 'll want your money back .
 I have purchased this software based on the Review `` Home Design Software Reviews 2007 '' and this software is rated as second . I have been using `` 3D Home Architect Home Design 6 '' before which I find it by far much better then this . For me buying this software was really a waste of time and money : - 3D rendering takes a lot of my machine resource and time ; untill you get fustrated ; - 2 door styles only are provided ; - 2 types of 3D rendering only are provided . No option to add additional camera ; - you can not edit any object in 3D view . - objects have no or limited properties to play with ... After wasting this money I am now only looking to upgrade my old software with landscaping which I have been unable to get any upgrate ...
 I got this program because on another site i was surveyed as the second best of all design programs of its size . This program pretty much sucks . I have version 6.0 and thought that was nice , although lacking in many aspects . In it you can view the frame work and print out a pseudo-blueprint . I have experience in framing and manually drawing framing plans so the frame generation on 6.0 was pretty close . Close enough to pass code . Also , 6.0 allows for FAST circular rooms . I build Southwest style homes and circular rooms are a must.I got version 9.0 thinking it had value adding features . Realized after a few hours that they actually took away most of the features away . No circular rooms , no frame view , hell , no ceiling tool ! I ca n't figure out how to put a ceiling in there!On the bright side , it does allow to design some Santa Fe style houses ... custom roof pitches , and vigas . nice ... This program is an overall dissapointment . Would have been nice if i could design some elements in 6.0 then import it into 9.0 for other elements then reimport it into 6.0 for the frame view ... but it 's basically a fresh , new program . Should be called 1.0 . Seems like i 'll have to pay $ 2500 for a home design program like Chief Architect or SoftPlan .
 I was disappointed in how hard it was , working in 2D , to control the dimensions of rooms , and how little flexibility the program offered the user in changing the properties of individual walls without changing the characteristics of other walls . Perhaps there are ways of doing things buried in the software , but they were not apparent or intuitive if they are in fact there . This package appears to be a fairly limited version of more capable software by Punch , and I would not have bought it if there had been a free trial period .
 This is one of the worst programs I 've ever used . Period . I am a programmer , and I am really annoyed by bad , poorly thought-out software . My first indication was when I went to register , and they required a company name for HOME Architect . This is just plain sloppiness , and it gave me a bad feeling . Second , when I started the software , it dumped me to a blank screen , ready to go . No tour , no starting point . I went to the help , and the help file was useless . I went to the site , and they said there was a PDF manual . The manual is abysmal . By page 17 , it tells you how to view in 2D and 3D . What good is that , when pages 1-17 say nothing about how to start a drawing ?! Sample/demo files ? I ca n't find any , and I 'm pretty sure there are none . I saw on the Punch ! website that the homes on their box covers were purchased from stock photography , not made with the software . This is utterly dishonest!More idiocy
 This program is horrible ! Do n't waste your money ... it would take to long to detail all the problems with it . This is one software that I wish was returnable ... The box and description are worth much more than the contents .
 Very disappointing . My 1993 Broderbund 3D Home Architect was more capabile than this program ! The only reason I changed was because I upgraded to Windows Vista and it was not compatible with my old program .
 I purchased this program direct from the 3dhaonline . com website , because I had used it years before on my old PC ... and it did a decent job of producing what I wanted . I was pleased to see that a Mac OS version was available -LRB- and this should have tipped me to investigate further before buying -RRB- . Well , after downloading it and stumbling through the non-intuitive activation process , I anticipated opening up my old 3DHA files . Well now , it does n't seem to recognize the old file format , and the only Import option is for `` Punch 3D '' objects . Combing through the online help , I come to learn that version 9 is not compatible with anything prior ! Did n't see that bullet in the features list -LRB- on later re-review , I saw that their promotional page does in fact declare incompatibility ... but then what justifies revving the name ? -RRB- . At that point I decided to check Amazon 's reviews ... and what do I see , but ten 1-star ratings out of 14 reviews with many comments reflecting exactly what I just experienced . And as further punishment , I see that the latest price is under $ 9.00 ! I have personally confirmed each of the weaknesses mention in the other reviews , plus some : - The editing of walls is cumbersome , as once two walls are connected , you can not lengthen one without dragging the other along . The Wall Break tool is pointless , since the two halves are still connected . - The dimensioning is lousy . Dragging to a desired length and then releasing the mouse button does not yield the choosen length , and requires many retries to acheive the desired measurement . - It has no provisions for modeling porches . - It does n't do garage doors . - It does not provide for pocket doors . - There is too much emphasis on frivilous details , such as lighting . - Roofs are not connected to walls ... they are just separate objects that float above walls , with large visible gaps and no provision for adjusting their height . - The zoom mechanism is imprecise . - The 3D views are controlled only by the mouse , making for erratic movements and much wasted time in seeking the desired position . - and so forth ... I am seeking a refund from the publisher . As mention by another , this is really a prime candidate for a class-action lawsuit . There is no connection between this program and the ones bearing the same name in pass iterations . If it were a decent program in its own right with backward compatability , I would n't mind some of the changes . But , as others pointed out , many many useful features of earlier versioned programs are no longer supported . Instant junk , and all those involved with it should be ashamed of themselves for its poor quality .
 I have to agree with the other reviewers . I almost feel like my $ 40 was stolen from me . After really liking using previous versions this felt like some kind of trick . I expect version 10 to be an empty box .
 Years ago , I had Broderbund 's 3DHA , version 3 . It worked fine . Then Broderbund had the audacity to completely revamp the software , and when version 5 came out -LRB- under the same name -RRB- , it became almost useless . Now , Punch is marketing 3D Home Architect , version 9 . This one is also useless . The libraries are small ; e.g. , only four door styles to choose from . There is no way to `` cut a section '' and view an elevation . The `` Help '' line is unresponsive ; e.g. , my current question has gone unanswered for 10 days . I could go on with a litany of reasons why this software is worthless , but the publisher has n't earned my time .
 I bought this because of its compatibility with Mac OS - but I might as well have stuck with pen and paper . The software is poorly designed , not intuitive , has the worst selection of stock objects I 've ever seen , and manages to take the fun out of home exterior/interior design ! I wish I could get my money back .
 If you have created files with previous versions of 3D Home Architect , you might be interested in knowing what I finally located on a support forum -LRB- http://forums.encoreusa.com/tm.asp?m=29701 -RRB- : What type of files does this product open ? - 1/26/2008 11:09:07 PMThere have been several different 3DHA developers . And , unfortunately , each developer created file formats that were not compatible with the products created by the other developers.So , this is pretty much how the file format for 3DHA breaks down :3 DHA versions 5-8 can not open any 3DHA file created with version 4 or earlier .3 DHA version 9 can not open any 3DHA file created with any previous version of 3DHA .
 Where 's the manual ???? A manual is not included with this software . The help files are not helpful either . I do n't even know where to begin . I 'm very disappointed .
 purchased this . Wish I had read these reviews before purchasing it -LRB- I got it at a local office supply store -RRB- . I have a really old -LRB- approx 1998 -RRB- version of 3D Home Architect - it lacks a lot , but is easy to use . I was hoping for some improvements on this one . I 've tried many others , including Punch ! and have n't liked any of them . That should 've been my first clue - it 's now Punch ! I purchased several programs on that trip and installed them & I ca n't even get this thing to install ! I hope I can get a refund for defective materials , but I 'm not holding my breath . Hope there 's something better out there - any recommendations ? Waste of $ 40.00 ... ugh !
 Some ambitious state attorney general should go after the purveyors of this completely unusable so-called software for defrauding the public . From the insanely Kafkaesque registration process to the discovery that features available in prior versions have actually been removed , my experience with this program has left me feeling like an unwitting participant in an especially tedious work of performance art .
 I thought I was getting a super bargain on some older software . No . Whatever company is making this has just taken the brand name . I was looking forward to replacing a program I had used in the past . This was completely different . The menus and tools do n't make any sense . I ca n't drag walls to where I want them to be ; everything ends up with crazy angles . Cheap software made for a quick buck . No effort of any kind went into making this product . I 'm just going to throw it away . Would not burden anone with such a useless `` gift '' .
 I purchased 3D Home Architect 6.0 several years ago so I could create plans for interior decorating . I found it to be a great product -- a little cumbersome at times , but the ability to specify exact dimensions for a million tiny details was so satisfying . From the odd dimensions of my bed to the precise width of the thick old trim around all my doorways , I got my house looking almost exactly the way it did in life . From there I was able to play with colors , fabrics , furniture arrangements , you name it . I sometimes wished for a better way to create custom 3D objects , and the 3D rendering engine was pretty behind the times , but for a $ 30 product it was a damn good value.Then I moved , and somewhere along the line , I lost the disk.Thinking that the latest version could only be an improvement upon the product I had known and loved , I purchased the new version 9.0 online . From the very beginning it was a headache . I could n't get the product to download on my home PC , and it took me over an hour to find a way to email the company for help . I still have not heard back from them . I later tried downloading it from my work computer , and was at least able to retrieve the download file that way . I transferred it to my home PC and installed it.I have seldom been so disappointed by a product in my life . The robust environment I 'd been accustomed to in version 6.0 was gone , replaced by a minimalist tool tray and an anemic selection of 3D objects.Creating walls is easy , but good luck getting them spaced correctly . In the old version of this software , you could click on the wall-to-wall dimension , enter a number , and the program would automatically reposition your wall . Not anymore . Click-and-drag with your mouse , watch the numbers , and hope you have a steady hand.I used to be able to double-click any object and edit fifty different aspects of it . Now I can scale them up and down , but I ca n't specify that I want a 30 '' wide stove . I can rotate them , but I ca n't make them lock to a grid . I suppose I could approximate my measurements by creating walls of the correct size , putting my appliances next to them , and scaling until they look like they match , but who wants to go through that much effort to get their dishwasher to be the right dimensions?I still have not successfully applied paint to my interior walls -- if I am reading the help file correctly , paint will ONLY apply to EXTERIOR walls ! The ability to apply fabrics and patterns to furniture seems to be gone as well . Quite honestly , I am pretty sure the beautifully rendered rooms offered as `` gallery '' images with this product are fakes , because after several hours of frustration , I still can not apply any kind of color to my interior objects.The 3D walkthrough feature is a tragedy unto itself . Where once I could set multiple cameras and edit nearly every aspect of viewing through them -LRB- Want a fisheye view ? 6.0 would let you do it ! -RRB- , now I have one camera with a set perspective . Version 6.0 had a toolbar of move options to let you walk , pan , rotate , or flyaround ; a pain at first , but powerful once I got used to it . Version 9.0 attempts to interpret my intentions based on mouse movement , resulting in a lot of walking away , turning around , and walking back as I attempt to view a room from a particular angle . The 3D viewing window automatically opens every time I click the camera , making it impossible to click-and-drag the camera to reposition it in 2D view with any modicum of accuracy . As for the 3D rendering itself , it looks about as pretty as a white , gray , and beige room can be . I 'd be interested to see what the 3D engine can do with paint , fabric , carpet , and light sources , but I seem to lack the necessary cheat codes.All in all , this product represents an incredible step backwards for the 3D Home Architect line . It performs adequately if all you want is a 2D floor plan layout tool , but why spend $ 30 for that when you could get it at floorplanner.com for free ? Better yet , download Cadsoft Envisioneer Express , also free . It does n't have as many features as 3DHA 6.0 had , but many of the tools work the same way , and you wo n't kick yourself for spending $ 30 on this piece of garbage .
 I am very disappointed in this product . It is not intuitive , Help is written poorly and hard to follow . In addition , the software registration kept failing and would only proceed in the trial mode , which actually cancels the software 's eligibility for tech support . This purchase turned out a complete waste of money for me .
 This product is great if you are only interested in 3-D modeling . It is NOT recommended by me for serious home design . There is no provision for setting exact dimensions in the planning mode and they resist being set with a mouse . Without a provision for entering precise measurments even the length of a wall can not be set with any degree of accuracy . Without accuracy the software is just a large , memory grabbing , disk hogging , toy . All the fancy product and finish tie-ins in the world can not overcome this deficiency . I am profifient with a CAD program and this software ca n't touch it for producing buildable plans .
 After using this product for basic stuff -LSB- floor plans -RSB- , I found that the 3D functionality to be far too complex and not really accurate . To create roof , ceiling and floors to create a realistic version of your floor plan , the process seemed too cumbersome and the elevations never quite seemed to be right . The pictures they show you are obviously done by the `` professionals '' on this software and mine never turn out quite realistic.I also have found that the gallery of objext to be very limited and a little confusing . Why there are twenty different towel bars and candles I do not know . Plus , there are n't many 2D images to place in floor plans.If you are a hobbyist , this program might suit your needs , but if you are using this for a function , do n't bother .
 Unfortunately , I had to return the product because it was defective . The first disk failed to load to my computer . I contacted Punch Technical staff and they were unable to help me with the problem . I tried on another computer in the house , and the same thing happened . I therefore returned the product .
 I have experienced Non Compatiblity w/Vista & Poor Support from Punch with respect to email response and problem solving for their product .
 I started writing code for the web back when you could still order it as a text only service . DOS ruled the day , and there were no ads plastered on every site . This is the first product that takes HUGE STEPS BACKWARD in useability , functionality , and performance since the public birth of the web . Unlike the previous reviewers glowing account of AS 4000 I am looking at new software because the service that this company provides and their complete lack of a proactive nature with regard to its useability have rankled me one too many times . To wit :1 . I am running a dual core 3.0 with 1 gb of memory and the 3d draw is slower that previous versions .2 . Tech support had the audacity to tell me that going to a drop down menu to rotate an item selected is faster than a right click of the mouse and a context menu that would allow me to do the same from that menu . This is a step backward of at least 10 years . Previous versions had the right click menu which also had delete and other frequently used commands available . Really piss poor on their part to eliminate this feature alone .3 . Despite a fast newer machine , once you select an item you have to wait before you can move it by selecting it a second time . Pitiful .4 . Wo n't import standard dxf files without saving them as one layer . Making a product that wo n't play nice with others is a bad thing.I have other issues , but just do n't want to spend any more time on this company or their products . If I ran my business and failed to listen to my customers like punch , I would be out of business.Bottom line
 I received defective CD disk . The second and third disks failed to load to my computer . I tried on another 2 computers , and the same thing happened . I contacted Punch Technical staff but did not get any response.I do n't recommend this product because no any support will be provided .
 I love this product . I am living in a house I designed with it . I also use it to plot survey coordinates at work . So why one star ? My XP computer died and the program will not load on Vista . I think it is because of the program load being based on Adobe Acrobat 5 , which Vista can not recognize . I would need a patch to install before I load it . Punch site says it 's Vista compatible . Not .
 This package is bloated with fancy pictures that have no meaning to the average user who is trying to create a personal calendar . However , the user can import their own favorite pictures.The choices of holidays for various nationalities does not include Chinese holidays . Image ignoring 20 % of the world 's population!The final issue which prompted me to return my package to Broderbund was that the software does not allow you to create a split day-cell at the end of the month . When the last day of the month falls on a Sunday , you should be able to combine that cell with the one above . This allows you to have a calendar with 5 rows instead of 6 . Despite the fact that Broderbund is at version 10 of this package , it seems that they 've never noticed that most calendars follow this format . This is a Broderblunder.Response on the telephone support line is slow and is not toll-free . Save your money and give this one a miss .
 I needed an update for Calendar Creator 4 and bought version 10 . Mistake ! I 've since bought version 5 to try getting back some of the lost functionality that version 4 had , but no luck . I had to jump through some hoops , including keeping a computer with Windows 98 , to continue using version 4 . Specifically , versions 5 and up have no provision to make event graphics small so multiple events on a given day will both print . Why Broderbund did this , I do n't understand , but for my purposes , they ruined the product . I 've had a number of Broderbund products and it 's readily apparent they do n't care if the product serves its purpose or not . I wo n't buy their stuff again .
 You can not run this application with Vista and because I spent too long with support -LRB- over 30 days -RRB- and waiting for them to ship - or so I thought , they would not refund my money .
 If you install this product on a computer that has a previous , expired , version of Norton AntiVirus Mac 10.0 - 5 User , then the LiveUpdate will prompt you that your antivirus subscription has expired , and that in order to continue receiving virus definitions , you must buy a new subscription key . This has been frustrating , as I have found no way around this problem other then to do a fresh install of OS X. Deleting the previous Norton AntiVirus software does not work . Do not buy this product unless you are willing to wipe your hard drive . I would recommend purchasing a new subscription key on line for each computer .
 Zoboomafoo fans beware ; this game was so buggy it was unplayable . It may have been our copy , but the errors right out of the box were unbelievable and ended the evening of my daughter 's birthday in tears . Not worth the risk !!!
 The description of this software lead us to believe it to be great . However , I could n't install it in Windows 7 or Windows XP environment . Amazon was great in their service and fast refund . Yet it was a big disappointment .
 I have used Zone Alarm for a long time . A while back I decided to buy Zone Alarm Pro to start paying for the service
 I 've had ZoneAlarm Pro for about 18 months on my home computer . Unfortunately , some of the recent upgrades to the product now block me from accessing my HP printer . I checked on the internet and quite a few other people are having the same problem . I put ZoneAlarm Pro on my work computer and it caused connectivity problems and the IT folks at work needed to remove the application . I can no longer use the product because of the problems it causes .
 I have been using Tiny Firewall before switching to ZoneAlarm about 18 months ago . While the daily use is quite simple , I missed some of the features of Tiny.However , the reason why I had to remove ZoneAlarm appeared about 2 months ago
 ... After installing this , with updating privileges for one year , my latest update featured a temp and cache file purge button . After pushing it , it deleted a good number of legit windows directories , and I am now one full week or so into reloading everything . I am talking into the GIGabytes of data lost.Unfortunately , Zone Alarm 3.0 Pro , purchased at full price , was last updated to 4.5 , and NO rebate sent for ever , and it ate my files . Now it WILL NOT load onto the computer , after mindlessly dialing to Verisign for signature registration.Phone help and customer response is non existant . This is a malicious program in my opinion with more chance of BEING the virus , and online STALKER of your every move , by encoded identification on your hard drive , than many of the viruses out there , = -LRB- my experience here . -RRB- = -LRB- search for Broderbund on your hard drive ... -RRB- Stay away . Beware . Wonderful if you do n't mind THEM calling all the shots , and following your every move , and crashing your hard drive.It is true , God help you if you need technical support . They will prompt you to pay or you will get unhelpful , pages for idiots . Verisign sends data ID on your electronic registration . Great if your hard drive never needs reloading.The phone and address of Broderbund are kept more secret than the black box combination to the nuclear launch codes.I suspect in an effort to positively keep themselves from having multiple copies made at their expense on your computer , they have effectively :1 - kept rightful owners from successfully loading the software2-prevented reloading of software after crashes3-Forced positive identification through verisign that can track you all around the net possibly by outside hackers4-By their very own self-serving security methods , have caused the very thing their product is bought to prevent ... crashes , trojans , tracking of individuals . In my opinion , this is a direct infraction of the anti-wire tapping privacy amendment to the constitution.IMAGINE ... Software on a CD that only loads after checking onto the net and getting an OKAY from verisign ... a security RISK right there.If you use casual surnames for your harddrive that you do not write down , you probably will come to this very point.BEWARE BEWARE BEWARE . Recopy your files to a CD and reburn the thing IF you buy it . Make sure it works.I used to hate Norton , because of their hands in your wallet policies , but there is a new champion on the net . STAY with Norton . Norton never gave me this much trouble . I HAVE NO MONETARY INTERESTS OR CONNECTION WITH NORTON OR ZONE LABS OR BRODERBUND . Just figure as long as you pay for a product , you should be able to EASILY use it.Also , consider the download . Broderbund is NOT user friendly . If you download it , Zone Labs will directly support your copy . They do NOT support the BOX purchase at retailers . And BRODERBUND certainly does not . Phooey .
 Zone Alarm Pro 4 upgraded itself to version 5 . There was no warning about known incompatibilities with Internet Information Server -LRB- IIS -RRB- . We have had more damage done to our computing environment from this one act than all viruses , spyware and spam can do in a year . We can not believe a company would put out a software with such a glaring deficiency and not run a proper beta test , offer a one click revert option just as convenient as the upgrade itself rather than making us hack registry editors and such , not apologize and not offer any compensation . They think they are in the business of protecting you and me . What we need is somebody to protect us from them . Do n't be the first to buy or to upgrade any of their products as they should come with warning labels . Use the free product if you can get an older reliable version of it and even then cross your fingers .
 If you are the average PC user , you do n't know enough about applications and executables to use zonealarm effectively . If you are a sophisticated PC user , you wo n't have a huge problem.If you need tech support from Zonealarm , good luck ! They were of no use to me.Like other users , I ran into enormously frustrating problems with the registration process . Because of this , I could not get zonealarm updates -LRB- for the legal copy that I bought in a store -RRB- . Without security updates , a firewall is of questionable effectiveness .
 This is great for a standalone PC or laptop.If you network , it may cause big problems even when disabled or not running . It happened to me , it 's documented on Google once you get deeply entangled in TCIP etc etc , basically make sure you completely uninstall it before networking in any way at all ... it makes registry changes that it only corrects on uninstalling that prevent any networking no matter how you configure or completely disable it . Uninstall is the only solution.Wish I 'd known that before wasting a whole day trying to fix problems it caused .
 If you are using Zone Alarm 's latest release you WILL not be able to use this boxed version to extend your update access ; nor will you be able to bring your version up to the current one after installing this boxed version -- both of which happened to me . -LRB- The current version is 4.5.594.000 ; which fixed a bug discovered by certain nitwits trying to use a Consumer product to protect commercial email servers ; DO NOT USE ZA TO PROTECT YOUR SERVERS ; GET A NAT OR PROXY SERVER -RRB- The version number of the boxed release is 4.0 something and if you try to install it -- even AFTER you uninstalled the NEWER version , wait , it gets sillier -- you wo n't be able to access ZoneAlarm 's update servers . Not only that , after I tried to update it with my previous version , it refused to install -LRB- and this was tried on multiple computers with the same result -RRB- . So not only does this boxed version deny you access to ZA 's updates but also is unable to be updated -- and this was after I used WinDelete to make sure all of the NEWER version had been removed from registry and the myriad Windows subfolders XP likes to put files in . -LRB- Unlike some reviewers , I did n't even get to the mess with the activation code ! -RRB- So , in sum , if you have a version newer than 4.1 , you 'll not be able to use the prog in this box . Perhaps it would work on a clean machine but I do n't know.This leaves you without current protection making you vulnerable to hacks designed to work around ZoneAlarm . Which defeats the whole purpose of shelling out the cash in the first place.Bottom line
 Ok maybe in college with a program due the next morning . But that was over 15 years and two computer science degrees ago.Used Zone Alarm for about 8 months . Like it said , `` Its yappy at first then settles down . '' Seemed to work ok . The help is weak and , as other posters point out , tech support is laughable . It will prompt you to allow this , that , and the other program access to the internet . Which is fine if you know things like onij.exe need access to the internet or not . I found that their meager database recognized the program perhaps 1 out of ten times when the additional help button was clicked . So a fair amount of expermentation is called for.That 's the good part . Late last week it got a wild hair and shut down my internet access . Could still get e-mail and access to my local net -LRB- ether and wireless -RRB- , but just presented a bs message in my browser . The message included an estimate of how long it would take to `` fix '' my system . Their guess
 Zone Alarm 4 after installation is not fully functional , you are running with a purposely crippled program . A large number of features do not work , including not being able to apply the updates for which you get messages of availability . Worst , the built-in link to support does not function , a real detriment for a new installation.As a surprise , when finally finagling to reach support , you learn one must wait several days after registration to get the real registration from Broderbund . If you do n't know of this `` feature '' , you may spent hours to fix unfixable problems . Zone Alarm people have no access to help with registration . Of course the link to Broderbund they send , does not work ! The following is an excerp from the 3rd support msg I received : Important
 I do not recommend either the download from web version or this boxed version.Zone Alarm caused Windows XP Professional system errors -LRB- that caused my computer to memory dump and shutdown -RRB- . The firewall and virus did not detect late June 2004 virus , which corrupted my computer . After extensive research on tech blog boards , I found that the software was the cause of my system failures / errors.While not the only effective firewall and virus package out there , I personally found Norton easier to use and effective . I recommend free download of Stinger tool -LRB- do a web search on Google -RRB- . I also do not recommend MacFee which the Sasser C & F virus did not detect - even with daily updates.When all else fails , have the information nearby on how to reload your operating system -LRB- Dell has it on their site -RRB- . In addition , keep latest worm removal tools on a memory stick or CDROM just in case your firewall does not catch the latest bug.My first two virus invasions , I was able to use removal tools available free on the web . The last one -LRB- late June -RRB- I could only remove the invader by reformatting my memory stick and reinstalling my operating system.If your system begins dragging , there is a good possibility that is has a virus ! Be prepared .
 I have Zone Alarm Pro 3 on a Windows 2000 Professional operating system , working in conjuntion with Norton Antivirus software and a router for added firewall . The Zone Alarm appears to work reasonably well and effective up to a point . However , it does not stop enough junk messages finding their way into ones e-mail , but still worthwhile.The key point worth sharing here is that Broderbund provides no technical support in my experience . They `` wave the flag '' that they provide 1 -RRB- Extremee Online Self-Help ; 2 -RRB- Responsive Email Tech Support ; and 3 -RRB- Committed Customer Service . I had a problem when my provider made a change and Zone Alarm would not work . I asked Zone Alarm , via e-mail , for troubleshooting assistance -- namely was there any attention actions other than un-installing and re-installing . I sent 3 differeent messages during a 30-day period , all linked to the same case # . The only response was a machine form-letter that they would respond within 1-2 days . BUT , they NEVER followed up . The only telephone number for contact is a sales/order office . They operate like a restuarant with no restroom . It may be a good product , but the lack of accessibility , and especially , NO FOLLOW-UP or technical assistance is unfortunately lousy .
 I 've used Zonealarm for years , but now that 's its sucessful the marketing pinheads and online commerce monkeys are killing it.First , since I have been using the product and had it installed , all I wanted to do was purchased a update and support renewal.Can ' t do that . The online transaction company they have turned that over to wo n't validate my card . Same card I use online with a company called Amazon.com to purchase thousands of dollars of stuff every year . Call Zonelabs , they ca n't handle direct sales , must go through their online transaction site . Ca n't do it.OK , I figure if I buy a copy of the software online at Amazon and with it the twelve months of updates its the same thing . So I do . And then the software wo n't install . Turns out that Zonelabs turned the retail CD sales over to Broderbund , if you need support you must go to them . But you ca n't call them , -LRB- unless you agree to pay a high fee to actually talk to their support -RRB- , the virtual support web page is what I expect Hell to be like and still Zonelabs wo n't help you.So I 'm writing off the forty bucks and had to buy and install McAfee . At least its a good weekend for frezbe .
 Defenders of ZoneAlarm either have not used this product long enough to have their machines damaged , or they are loyalistic employees of the company trying to drum up business . ZoneAlarm is a firewall based mainly on image and advertising , not on the quality of the product . Its features are average , and depending on the version you buy you could be paying for more than you bargained for . The Pro version tries to do too much and is best called BLOATWARE . The popup blocker is excellent -- at blocking popups you do want to see as well as the ones you do n't . If you are n't online 24/7 with a cable connection , then do n't even bother with a firewall , they are largely ineffective and only create paranoia in the end-user . Otherwise , your router firewall should be sufficient to deal with unwanted connection attempts . ZoneAlarm is entirely based on paranoia advertising , creating a psychological dependency in the end-user who is thus willing to sacrifice a smoothly-running machine for this trashware in order to gain a false sense of security .
 Printshop has not been good since it was a Dos program . Version 6 crashed all the time . Version 12 was buggy . Version 15 wo n't install on many systems . Now there is version 20 . It keeps giving a fatal exception error after installing . Tried everything to get it to work . No joy !!!!!!!!!!! Support is virtually non existent . For all the money they are making they could do a better job . Whats with all the missing versions ? They just arbitrarily assign a version number to it . They went from twelve to fifteen to twenty . What is Next ? I guess it will be version Thirty then Fifty at the rate they are going . The problem is with all the new features they add , they add as many bugs and crashes as well . Do not buy this software . Make Broderbund go out of business if they ca n't support their crap or make a better product .
 I was using version 12 and liked it well enough . I reinstalled when I got a new computer that had XP on it and it would not install , so I thought upgrading to the latest version would help . It did install , but the software has more quirks than the last one . It has somehow linked itself with other programs and so when I try to use my CD burning software or Legacy software -LRB- a geneology program -RRB- it wants to open PrintShop first and considering how slow this program is at opening that is n't pleasant . I 've reinstalled numerous times and the problem has n't gone away . I also find this program more awkward in trying to create things like a simple greeting card . If you can tolerate the annoyances -LRB- like if you delete the icon from the desktop it thinks it is n't installed -RRB- then you might enjoy the features this program has , but personally I just now hopped online to find myself a program by a different company .
 For Christmas 2003 , I purchased PrintShop 20 as a gift for myself . I have a brand new DELL w/WindowsXP operating system and tons of memory . I installed the program and then decided to take advantage of their $ 9.99 DVD offer -LSB- included in the packaging of the software -- maybe I should have wondered then -- -RSB- so I would not have to swap discs out I am also a Power Macintosh user very familiar with Freehand , an awesome graphical interface program ! If you have ever used Freehand , you will know why I am crying now about this program ! I ca n't even get a photo image or a graphic to insert into a simple greeting card . When I use Borderbund 's Help Station , it says they have no listing for my problem ! What ? I have installed again and again and so far
 I 'm sorry I did not read your reviews before purchasing this product . I 'm not sure how bad the software is , but I 'm sure the support or customer service is the worst . Their E-mail response = 3 days and does not answer your question but refers you to their web site . If you try to contact them by phone -LRB- your cost and their estimated wait of 20 min . -RRB- , you get a computer response to review their web site and no option to talk to a tech . Tell a friend to save their money , Dont ' buy it !
 I paid alot of money for my Print Shop 20 Deluxe , and it constantly caused errors and had to be uninstalled and reinstalled . NO support from Broderbund EVER since 1995 for anything I ever purchased from them . Well now that for no reason that we can determine , it will not install on ANY of the 6 computers we have , wierd errors all over the place . I suspect that they have made it where you can only install it so many times , such as Norton Symantec products do . So I ordered the NEW Print Shop Deluxe 22 . What a horror ! You have to download EVERYTHING online , and the only things on the program , and the program itself , look exactly like the Print Shop 20 !! I do not recommend Broderbund software at all !!!! Update , It is my fault I suppose that after one bad experience with the previous version of the Print Shop Deluxe that I went ahead and ordered the newest and again the newest editions . I was never able to access all of the content and I had to constantly reinstall the program . Now I just delete the email ads that I receive since the one that they sent saying download your digital content NOW before we close . I as I had done for what is now years told them that they had erased my previous history and it was not available to me on the site , to which I never received a response . In theory it 's a lovely program but it was not for me . I spent too much time and money trying to get the program to work , never mind use it . That is very frustrating . I would never recommend their products to anyone . A lesson that was finally learned by me .
 The best thing I can say is DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE ! I did and Now I am stuck with a piece of worthless junk which I can not return . I can not even talk to the people at amazon.com ... they sell it to you then forget about you . I will never do business with them again !!
 The entire PrintShop product line has it 's problems . Many bugs , and support issues . The first thing that annoyed me with PrintShop 20 was that it is ` nagware ' . if you dont ' register it 's going to ask you every so often to register -LRB- I think every time you boot , I 'm sure there 's a hack to get rid of it -RRB- . Also , when you OPEN an existing project , it pops up the new project creation wizard anyway , right on top of your new project , so you just have to close out of that -LRB- again , probably a way to hack this out of existence for those who are bothered enough by it -RRB- . However ! This is the ONLY line of programs my mother seems to get any use out of . MS Publisher has user interface issues -LRB- in terms of ease of use and intuitive design -RRB- . PrintShop lays all the main features out under your fingertips , making it pretty simple to create what you want.One reviewer here commented on not being able to get his/her own images into his/her project , this is a bit tricky if you use the user interface ; your images need to be in a certain folder , and PrintShop wo n't let you ` browse ... ' for images in other locations . so what I recommend is just dragging and dropping your image files into the PrintShop window.But I love the database of images that come with PrintShop20 -LRB- be sure to install them all ! -RRB- and how they are presented as thumbnails in the clean interface for adding graphics.No installation problems with PrintShop20 , and no errors yet , which is an improvement from some other versions.While this program is n't perfect , I think it serves it 's purpose pretty well , I 'd be interested to see some serious competition , since this package boldly advertises that it is the '' # 1 best selling '' software of it 's kind . -LRB- subsequent reviewers , please make suggestions -RRB-
 Do n't buy this program unless you enjoy having to switch cd 's several times troughout each project . And , now I keep getting emails from Brodebund trying to sell me one disc with the whole program . It has got to be the most shameless marketing plan I have ever seen . And , frankly , the graphics just are n't all that great . But , alas , I am stuck with it . Every time I have to make a card for another of the endless kid birthday parties my blood pressure rises . Save yourself .
 I wish I could give them zero stars.Broderbund pulled support for software I owned only 2 years after it was released.I was unable to install it because it required internet registration which was no longer supported . To solve the problem , they offered to SELL me a different software title.They must have thought I was stupid . They expected me to give them more money ??? This company has second rate software and third rate customer service . Do not buy anything from them .
 Purchased this product because I just got a NEW computer -LRB- with NEW drivers -RRB- . Installed it . It will not display anything . I spent three hours running through all the `` HELP '' suggestions , changing everything they suggested , only to change it BACK when it did nothing . Then tried nevigating their site -LRB- good luck -RRB- . When I FINALLY got to a screen where I could email them I demanded my money back . Still have n't heard anything . DO NOT buy this if you are running XP .
 This is the worst graphics program I have ever used . When Print Shop was owned by Parson 's Technology many many years ago it was easier to work with and I never had a problem with my PC crashing . Their customer service is worse . Do n't buy this program .
 I wasted a day trying to use this software and got nowhere . I wish I had read some of these reviews before bothering . The cropping tool was my chief source of frustration . As an earlier reviewer pointed out , the area on a photo that you select to be cropped , bears little or no resemblance to the cropping that is done once you hit `` apply crop '' . I tried to get some technical support by clicking on the `` help center '' and was directed to a non-existent site . Deluxe indeed .
 I have used photo editing and publishing software but this is the worst . I had no problem starting out and importing pictures into the program . One of the many problems I have experienced is , if you try to crop a picture , the program moves the crop over where it wants . It 's easier to edit your picture before you import it . Also , the project templates are very limited . I am very disapointed with the program and feel like it is a big waste of money .
 The software will not even perform a basic crop function correctly . I found it to be totally useless . Their tech support is non existent . If you use their contact us feature they promise to reply within 4-5 business hours . I still have not heard from them a week later . Their website sends you to encoreusa.com for support if you bought the software from anywhere other than their website . Encore 's website is just as unless . No support-just a run around . It did state that this software is not supported for laptop use - a fact they failed to mention on the box the product came in . To get a refund you are supposed to enclose your receipt and send the product back at your expense . I do n't know why you would trust them to refund your money or even admit to receiving the return since they ca n't be trusted to contact you per their website policy . I will never buy another broderbund product again .
 This software is horrible . If you think the software is horrible try contacting the customer service center ... THERE IS NONE . ALL VOICE MAIL . BRODERBUND SHOULD BE EMBARASSED TO PUT OUT SOFTWARE WITH NO CUSTOMER SERVICE . I just spend an 1 hour on the phone ... toll call and they told be to go online ... knowing full well that the website was under construction and I could n't get any help there . Take about horrible customer service . Plus it 's a toll call ... oh and if you buy this product at retail they send you to another company who also has voice mail . I wo n't buy another piece of software from this company . Hope you take my advise .
 I recieved psd20 for Christmas . I went to install it on my Dell , running Windows XP . During installation , I kept on getting Error :1305 and Error 1335 . I 've cleaned the cd several times , and still no luck . I ran msconfig as directed by the website , and I tried safe mode twice , -LRB- recieved a 1607 -RRB- and still no luck . Therefore I do n't know how I really like the program.If anyone can help me , please e-mail me asap . thank you
 I could n't install printshop . Did everything recommended on their web site . Had a computer pro friend work with it , for 2 hours . Our conclusion , their disc was poorly made . Called them - got a recorded message that there 's no live support . Rotten product !
 I had a few problems with an earlier version but decided to give Version 20 a go . I am familiar with the program and like the outcome of all my projects . The problem is that it will not print any graphics at all . Customer service is hopeless.The one simple change suggested in their troubleshooter was ineffective . What good is a print program that will not print . very dissapointed .
 This is one of the worst programs I have ever used . It is n't user friendly , and if you have children that would like to use the program forget it . Very few sentiments included with this program , manipulation of the text is difficult , if you want any art work you have to go online to get it . not recomended at all .
 Dont waste your money.Loaded with bugs and other issues . From the the time you spend trying to fix it you could go down to your local print shop and have done what this is suppose to do . The softawre is not worth the 80 dollars we spent on it.Buyer beware period ...
 I ordered this product but received it without the program disk . The reason I ordered this was to have the program disk as I have lost the one I had . Now I have two install cd ` sm , 2 art i cd , and 2 art 2 cd , and can not use either set .
 I wish I could give them zero stars.Broderbund pulled support for software I owned only 2 years after it was released.I was unable to install it because it required internet registration which was no longer supported . To solve the problem , they offered to SELL me a different software title.They must have thought I was stupid . They expected me to give them more money ??? This company has second rate software and third rate customer service . Do not buy anything from them .
 Installed program and when re-booted , could n't get into my computer at all . Called them and was told I would have to go to tech support on line . Told him I could n't get on line or into my computer and he told me to go to a neighbor 's or friend 's house ! I still would n't have been able to correct problem without being at my computer . Had to call Compaq tech support and it cost me $ 60.00 and 40 minutes to be walked through the fix.I hate this piece of garbage and am really angry . Hate to see anyone else get taken .
 I have not purchased Print Shop 20 , but I have carefully looked over the software description on the company 's site and the other reviews that mention ` false advertizing ' when it comes to the amount of images that actually come with the program are true . Not nearly as many images come with it as it states.Personally , thanks to my thorough research today I 've decided to definitely stick with my beloved Print Artist . I 've been using Print Artist for years and upgrading when a new version comes out . This time I thought I might try something different for a change , but I 've changed my mind ; I 'm going to stick with Sierra 's Print Artist . It has all the same extra features and bonuses as the other greeting card/desktop publishing programs and more , it 's extremely simple to use once you get the hang of it , and there is no false advertising to it - it really includes everything the box for it says it does . Also , the print quality is excellent.Trust the reviews you see here . If you want honest , quality greeting card software , DO NOT waste your money on Print Shop .
 This is the most cost-effective , user friendly program I have found for designing quick logos , letterheads and brochures , this latest version made more accessible because the extra disks are compacted into one . The program offers a great variety of images on every subject , with more available online -LRB- for an additional price -RRB- . However , the greatest complaint is still unanswered ... there is virtually no online help available when contacting Broderbund . If a program is n't backed up by online help , the user must consider this when buying the program in the first place . Of course , when I purchased The Printshop from a discount store , I had no idea of the difficulty in using online resources . On the other hand , the program is quite simple and self-explanatory , so there is little need for extra support.There is an advanced drawing feature that I would like to learn , but the program help does little to guide me through the steps and I can not navigate anything without some specific direction . Program designers do n't seem to be aware of such elementary design flaws , assuming a base knowledge which may not exist . I bought a simple program because of my limited knowledge , expecting a certain degree of guidance through the basics . Broderbund 's Printshop offers this assistance , but only to a very limited degree.Whatever I have designed on my computer looks great on the screen , so this is a perfect program for anything that is directed toward screen resolution . This brings me to my second reservation , and it is considerable
 I agree with the first reviewer . I tried at least 6 or 7 times and it would n't install . I also have XP and more than enough space on the computer for this program . I am out $ 30 b/c I ca n't return it . I could n't even find a tech support phone # .
 I had none of the reported loading problems -LSB- I run XP -RSB- , my complaint is about the artwork and design programs . -LSB- 1 -RSB- There is no command to layer - `` bring to front '' or `` send to back '' - so you have to put things on your project in order -LSB- that is , if you decide that your text would look better on a colored background you have to start over -RSB- . -LSB- 2 -RSB- The supplied art work is the very poorest kind of clip art - just plain crappy looking - and hard to sort through . Why go to all the bother of making projects on the computer if they end up looking like they were made by a none-too-talented third-grader ?
 Look @ the box / screens . Instead of Broderbund its now Riverdeep & with that change the program has changed as well . I installed it & have uninstalled it . The screens look `` cheaper '' . I like using the `` Fine Art '' . There are far less Fine Art images in newer version . More upsetting is the false advertising . Box states `` 310,000 + images '' -LRB- deluxe -RRB- where in reality MOST of these are online & secondly if you want to use MOST of those you have to pay another $ 20-30 to join their Million image club to use them ?? Reinstalled old version 15 . Why is new not better ? I also keep a special PC w/all my old classic 96/97 programs !
 I , unfortunately , own PSD 20 ... No problems loading and using with XP , but wish I had done more research before purchasing . I used it for business cards and brochures and after a loooooonnnnng time on hold on their support line -LRB- had to call the corporate office who gave me a LD number to call -RRB- , found out that the program wo n't print past a certain `` margin '' edge width unless your printer will print `` full bleed '' -LRB- meaning all the way to the edge -RRB- . All of the art and examples on their box show everything printed all the way to the edge . Nowhere does it state that you have to have a certain printer or special printer capability to use the software . So for now -LRB- until I have time to do the research for a better alternative -RRB- , my brochures and business cards are a bit lopsided.Otherwise , it 's easy enough to use . Would n't buy it again .
 I bought this Print Shop from another retailer -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- , but after installing 3 different times , it just did n't run on my PC . I have XP , enough gigabites of hardware and memory , it meets all the system requirements but the software just does n't run . After talking to Broaderbund tech support -LRB- the number was very difficult to find -RRB- and trying fixes , it did n't work and the retailer gave me a hell when I returned it . I 'd buy any future PrintShop products only if there is a policy to return , or trial first before buying .
 This product has ALOT of glitches . I have ran across 16 features which do not work within the product . One example is I am designing a Calendar for my synagogue . When following the direction on how to add Blank Pages , the help instructs you to select Insert -LRB- from the toolbar -RRB- , Pages , and in the Contents Field to select the Add Blank Pages Button . Well , the button is not there . It only allows you to add Default pages -LRB- which are preceding months in the year -RRB- or to copy a already created page . This is just one of the 16 examples . I have tried to phone the Company -LRB- which although not disclosed , they charge your long distance provider a `` toll charge '' which shows up on your phone bill -RRB- , and although I have a receipt from two weeks ago , they claim that the product is no longer supported via phone or email . They referred me to an online web page , where I can search a Knowledge Base for all the products they manufacter . Print Shop 20 is not searchable in the Knowledgebase . I have also tried to email them several times with not ONE response . Another example - when you first open up your project , you can not go to the next page or zoom in or out . You must first view the project in Print Preview and then when you close that window , it will give you the option to see all the pages.This is a HORRIBLE PRODUCT , and I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND ANYONE TO UTILIZE OR PURCHASE . Since I purchased the product at Best Buy , they will not let me return it .
 Do n't pay $ 30 for this , just buy older version Print Shop 11 for $ 9 . You would expect to see more tools in newer 20 version , but everything is exactly the same as Print Shop 11 , and 11 has more special effects . Does anyone have Print Shop Delux 20 ? Please write a review if it 's worth buying . Only reason I use Print Shop is because it 's easy , too bad they do n't improve it , all reviews I see for any Print Shop are not too good . Does anyone know similar software with better performants and more tools ? Please somebody recomend something -LRB- write a review under Print Shop 20 -RRB- .
 I did not receive my order so went directly to seller , after investigation seems his daughter took the DVD to college with her , needless to say I canceled but did get credit . Be careful who seller is on products ordered .
 Does not work well with windows 7 , the original millenium release does work with windows 7 , do n't know why this one was released
 I wish I could give them zero stars.Broderbund pulled support for software I owned only 2 years after it was released.I was unable to install it because it required internet registration which was no longer supported . To solve the problem , they offered to SELL me a different software title.They must have thought I was stupid . They expected me to give them more money ??? This company has second rate software and third rate customer service . Do not buy anything from them .
 I did n't receive what I ordered !!! That sucked !!! So I sent it back .
 I 've been using AVG Anti Virus for several months . I was told that Mc Afee was better . So I decided to upgrade to the better product . This is the first product I 've paid for that hit me with advertisements . Then every time I boot I have screens that let me know I do n't have other Mc Afee products installed . The system check told me of I was not safe as I did not have some of the products installed . The last straw was when they sent my rebate back for no UPC code enclosed , a bold lie . This was the last straw . I 'm now back to the free AVG Anti virus . They have updates almost daily way more than Mc Afee , my system runs faster , I do n't look at `` nag '' screens , and I 'm virus free . This time the free product is better . Keep your money and let you computer run better ! They do n't make it easy to get your money back .
 To me , a virus is something that you do not wish to put on your system that takes over functions and damages your computer . McAfee VirsuScan 8.0 is exactly that . Having installed -LRB- at least the install went fine -RRB- on a brand new XP platform which ran very smoothly , problems immediately came up . First , system response time dropped into the cellar , looking at task manager it seemed that the McAfee products were consuming all of my CPU cycles . More importantly , the system itself became unstable , GPU failures and spontaneous reboots.This is the truly infuriating part . After fiddling with it for a while and receiving no help from their tech support other than ` you must have a virus already ' , I decided to uninstall . Following their uninstall procedures , it seemed that all was done , yet McAfee remains behing , launching a process -LRB- MCINFO.EXE -RRB- every time the system starts that requests access to the internet to download updates and sucking up CPU cycles . According to McAfee -LRB- and other concurring message boards -RRB- , the only way to completely remove McAfee products is to search drives and manually delete files one by one , followed by dangerous searches and edits of the system registry.Why a manufacturer of a software intended to protect my system from problems would create such an unstable and inherently stubborn software is truly beyond comprehension . I thoroughly encourage others to avoid this and all McAfee security products !
 As far as virus protection , this program seems to do a decent job . Other than that , it 's an awful program . The interface is pretty bad ; it does n't have the standard Windows menus at the top , making it difficult to find what you 're looking for . A large portion of the interface is dedicated to telling you what McAfee products you DO N'T own , and implies that you wo n't be safe unless you purchase them . There 's even a bright red `` virus advisory '' section telling you about the latest virus threat , reminds you that ViruScan users are protects , and provides a link to purchase ViruScan . Trying to sell me something they know I already own is particularly annoying.I am also confused about how the automatic updates work . It seems to only update at startup . Since I usually put my computer to sleep instead of restarting it , I might not get updates as often as I should.The only reason I have ViruScan is because it came pre-installed on my computer . I 'm switching back to Norton or another as soon as I can .
 If you had asked me how good this product had been for the past several years -LRB- or maybe decade -RRB- , I would have rated it at 5 stars simply because I had never encountered a virus to begin with and it never game me problems conflicting with other software , UNTIL ... I had a `` worm '' -LRB- Zafi -RRB- infection on 6/13/04 with an up to date engine and this peice of crap did n't pick it up . McAfee 's website said one needs an engine no loder than 6/14/04 !!! That 's 3 days after the worm had spread and infected my system already . The worm did n't allow me to run and install an update so I used McAfee 's stinger to locate and disinfect the system -LRB- for that , I 'm thankful -RRB- . When I attempted to reinstall Mcafee ver .8 , I got the message that a newer version is installed on my system already but I can no longer locate it to delete . I went over their site and took step-by-step to manually uninstall . Did all of that and the software still would n't install . I contacted their chat support . A total nightmare . 2 hours chatting with tech who 's probably helping -LRB- or should I say wasting other people 's time -RRB- and giving me total generic answers that do n't even pertain to my peoblem . That 's total BS and fraud to sell software that could n't do what it was supposed to do -LRB- i.e. protect me from a worm because their engine required to detect it was not up to date till 3 days later -RRB- , then the software I paid 40 $ for to last me 1 year -LRB- and only had for 3 months -RRB- , I can no longer reinstall on my machine and all their tech support can do is to tell me to defrag and do clean install when I had way beoyend that to clean every trace of the old software to no avail . What a shame . Wish I was an attorney with the time needed to pursue this . I 'm sure there are others like me facing this situation as I type this . For those giving this one 5 stars , wait till you get infected with a virus or a worm with an up to date engine that proves useless then try to get the software up after the worm disables it and find out you can no longer reinstall because the disk keeps seeing a ghost newer version when nothing exits and no customer support . Hope will have better luck with Norton . I 'll be shopping for a new virus scan software tomorrow . Hope this helps . I 'm mad .6 / 23/04 Bought the Zonealarm Security suite and so far have been satisfied with it . It 's a new release and I could only find it at their website .
 I 've had NAV on my past 3 home cumputer systems ; never a problem . I recently bought gateway 4.1 P4 HT 1 gig memory . Very proud to have my new toy , I wanted to protect it . After the second system scan I found 2 viruses . After investigating I found the Auto Protect option was OFF . I tried every option of turning it on . IT WOULD NOT TURN ON . I contacted NAV support by email because a phone call costs AS MUCH AS A NEW ANTI-VIRUS ! I was given the same step by step process that is online , which also failed to fix the problem . ITs still OFF and my subscription runs out next month . With this POOR customer support I will not update to Norton again . Vote with your dollar America !
 As a long time Norton AntiVirus user , I switched to McAfee VirusScan about four months ago . Big , big mistake . Does it stop viruses , worms , and trojans ? Yea , when the software is working . Unlike Norton AntiVirus , McAfee VirusScan is prone to script errors and all sorts of the other little bugs . This renders your PC unable to scan your files . As an example , if you change your date format from the typical mm/dd/yyyy format , McAfee goes crazy . It does n't work . From what I can tell , McAfee must use Internet Explorer as its framework or something . Very annoying.Well , then I started getting more script errors that were supposedly related to Microsoft 's task scheduler . After finding that all of McAfee 's FAQs on the subject did n't help , I tried talking with McAfee 's chat support . I could tell that the poor guy on the other end was justing cutting and pasting potentional solutions . I kept telling him that I had already tried all his suggestions , but he could n't take the hint . After a while , he wanted me to check with Microsoft support for help . Talk about passing the buck . And have you ever tried to get support from Microsoft ? Yea , right.So I ended up deleting McAfee VirusScan from my PC . I went back to Norton AntiVirus 2004 this week and feel much more secure now . Seriously . I do n't know why I tried switching in the first place . Norton always worked like a charm . I 'm sticking with Norton AntiVirus from now on .
 I 'm actually trying to figure out how to get a refund do to the fact that the product that I recieved is not compatable with my computer and on top of that I did n't realize that I was going to be charged so much for it !!
 With its awkward user interface and the manufacturer 's repeated attempts to sell me more software when I 'd use the product , this was never my favorite piece of software . Nevertheless , I decided to continue to use it after moving to a new location and changing my email address . From that point on the program refused to update the list of viruses it 'd check for . Even after a two-hour Internet chat with three of their technicans , the problem went unresolved . What was a poor product from the start became an esentially useless product .
 This program is stupid . It makes you download 5 things before you can update your definitions , along with registering . You have you remember your email and password just to update ! McAfee has this stupid securitycenter ... Just buy Norton . You 'll smile .
 I 've been using Acronis TrueImage , but their latest version , 9 , has been a major disappointment . I 've stayed with the previous working version until they either fixed all the bugs with current version or another company came up with a better product . I read a positive review in Smart Computing magazine about this product , so I gave it a try . Let me say I 'll stay with TrueImage 8 until another product comes along.First of all , my startup time with Backup MyPc was noticeably longer . Secondly my antivirus did n't load up . I had to manually start the antivirus . On the next reboot my firewall did n't load up . I had none of these problems with TrueImage 8 . Finally I figured I 'd get to the guts of the matter and see how the program worked with reinstalling individual files from a backup . After a few minutes I gave up waiting for the program to search for files . Canceled it and uninstalled.This is the third product I 've tried and experience has taught me if bugs start off initially , then do n't bother and move along . As it stands my older version of my backup program works flawlessly , and there are still other programs I 've yet to examine . Oh , one more thing . If you have Windows XP , make sure to make a restore point when you install this . Will save you if this program leaves any tidbits behind .
 I was looking for something simple to use and back up just what I wanted to back up . This is not it . No easy guide to follow and very few instructions on how to do anything . Save your money .
 Do yourself a favor . Before you buy this product do a quick search for `` Videowave Problems '' on any popular search engine . I wish someone would have suggested the same to me before I spent my money .
 do not buy this product . its a fakedose not kill virus . it pretends it kill itthen the customer service of stop zilla and the tech support of stopzilla is rude as hell making demands or elsethen I get pissed . and yell at them about paying for my computer . paying for my taxes and paying for my pay role , . are you paying for that ??? Then I hang up I called 3 times on each department what a waste of time and moneyDo not think Norton is a better buy ? think again.Norton dose not work . instead delete files that is not allowed to delete . then windows dose not boot up.I gone though two brand names that can not do a darn thing rightno use talking to Norton about it . its wasting my time .
 I purchased this in Nov. 2000 -LRB- 11 months ago -RRB- and mailed a $ 20 rebate request which I have never received . Language Force stopped the rebate center from issuing the rebates even though the center confirms my rebate request prior to the expiration date . LF has disconnected all customer service phone numbers , and the web site is unavailable . If you purchase this product with the intention of obtaining a rebate or getting support on any product , you are taking a big risk . I have never used the product because of the company 's actions .
 I recently upgraded by computer from Windows 98 to Windows XP . When the computer came from Gateway I assumed it would include MS Word 2000 . It included Microsoft Works Suite 2005 that included MS Word 2002 , which I assumed would be an enhancement of MS Word 2000 . On my Windows 98 computer with MS Word 2000 , on the toolbar there was an icon that permitted me to email a document -LRB- and add one or two attachments -RRB- . I expected that the updated version of MS Word 2002 would include that feature as well . To my amazement , it did not.Secondly , in MS Word 2000 when I click on `` Open '' it permits me to view files alphabetically , or in the order of when last modified or created . The MS Word 2002 does n't permit me to do that.I write letters and reports and send them through email . Without those features , the entire Windows XP computer with Microsoft Works Suite 2005 that I bought is useless . I do n't know what to do to salvage this . Now , my Windows XP computer is sitting on the floor , and I do n't know what to do with it.Why are n't those features included in MS Word 2002 as they were with MS Word 2000 with the ability to email documents from within MS Word , and add one or two attachments?What Microsoft product must I purchase that includes those features within MS Word?What is so frustrating about this is that as a customer I have no way of knowing what I am getting when I buy Microsoft products . I could n't have anticipated that MS Word 2000 was more useful for my purposes than MS Word 2002 . This is so unfair on the part of Microsoft and I think is strong evidence of the disadvantages of monopoly control for consumers .
 There ARE no cabinets . Terrible , misleading , a waste of money . The amount of frustration that this caused will stear me clear from EVER purchasing another Broderbund product . . . and I use to be a happy customer .
 I agree with the above reviewer . I have spent hours changing the cabinets in the area where you can edit them , only to find after many , many hours trying to figure out what `` I '' did , still could not find them . Do n't waste your time .
 I have version 3.0 that is about 4 years old . It has more features than the 5.0 when it comes to bath fixtures and doors . this purchase has been a waste of money . The Company 's description of the new version was misleading . I will not purchase any more products from them .
 I can not load the program onto my computer . I took the software back to the store to exchange it for another and had the same problem loading the second copy . I could n't even get started and the website was no help at all . I am taking this back and trying another brand . This is not user friendly at all .
 I agree with every review I have read about this product , Broderbund 3D Home Architect 5 . I too have spent hours trying to figure out how to drop cabinets into a structure . I could find them in the cataloges , and followed the instructions closely but to no good . I have even contacted Broderbund for help and they referred me to another company that never responded to my e-mail . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT , IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME . ZERO STARS ALL AROUND . - TAD
 Broderbund Home Architect 5 is a waste of money . Do not buy it . First of all , THERE ARE NO CABINETS !!! Secondly , it is not user friendly at all . It is very difficult to use . This software was an upgrade for me from 3D Home Architect Deluxe 3 -LRB- which by the way was a great piece of software -RRB- . When you upgrade you expect more , not less ! I either use my old version or draw my designs out on paper . I do n't know what Broderbund was thinking when they made this software.My advice , do n't waste your money . With the fact that their are no cabinets in this software and the fact that it is difficult to use , I am sure that there are much better products are there for 3D home design.I am giving it 0 stars . Unfortunately , Amazon makes you select at least 1 star , but believe me this software does n't even come close to rating 1 star .0 STARS !!!
 Even though the package states that it includes `` cabinets '' , it does n't . You ca n't `` drop in '' any of the available sinks and stoves because there is nothing to drop them into . I installed it twice and had the same effect . Interestingly , you can see the `` cabinets '' in the editing section , you just ca n't get to them . If they are available somewhere within this package , they certainly are n't easy to get to , even for a computer user with over 20 years experience . Forget the money , I wasted a too many precious hours on this program.There are also no freehand drawing tools .
 I have completed my plan for my house on paper along with the dimentions.All that need to be done was to draw it in some 2d-tool so that i can get an overall picture in 3d when it will be done . . so that i dont want to spend unnecessary time and money on material and labourI am simply not able to reconstruct my hand-drwan plan in this software.All i could acomplish without any trouble was the 4 walls ... It sems impossible to place the objects in 3d viewAnd the components that i place in 2d view seem to apperar totaly out of place in 3dI am totaly frustrated with this softwareTERRIBLE : ... DONOT EVEN DREAM ABOUT TRYING ITif you are so desperate ... thank your stars ... you are better offMS.Kurinji
 I agree with everyone else ! There are no cabinets . It is hard to figure out . The 3D view sucks and when I try to move around it takes forever . Very slow program . Sometimes when I try to place an object it wo n't do it at all . They should have spent more time making this program and fixing all the problems with it . DO N'T BUY IT !
 I brought this version . I had an older one and believed this would give me more options to design . Well , they fooled me!I could n't even figure the dare program out ! The program , to me was designed for professionals not the novice like myself . I could get the basic floor plan down but changing to 3d , adding furniture , cabinet etc forget it . I was so disappointed that I would never recommend this program to anyone .
 I absolutely agree with the previous reviewer from Atlanta . This software was impossible to use . It 's complicated and difficult to maneuver . Although I hold an advanced degree I felt totally lost and disappointed . I gave it to my computer savy daughter in law and she came to the same conclusion.She remarked `` Basically it would not save what I did , would make my computer crash and was very difficult to use '' I plan to write to the product manufacturer TLC Multi Media Inc , to see how well they stand behind their product .
 The user interface was very clumsy and difficult to figure out how to use . The online reference manual provided some help but I could n't even figure out how to slope the grounds and the housing choices were terrible . I spent too much time trying to get the right house , resize it , build a deck - it was very frustrating and time consuming . I never got to do the thing I wanted to do and that was design my landscape!After two hours I gave up and tossed the software .
 The other reviewers have already given their low opinion of these Broderbund landscaping programs , none of which rate high scores and which I definitely tend to agree with . It is n't particularly friendly or intuitive . My concern is more with a program that takes fully 15 minutes to uninstall -LRB- ... what the heck is going on ? -RRB- and then , after I finally do get rid of it , causes Windows XP to pop up a message telling me that it is unable to restore my computer to the System Restore Point that I had set up prior to the installation . What on earth is it doing to my systems that prevents me from doing a clean uninstall and putting my PC back to where it was ? This does n't just make me want to avoid this series of landscaping programs but makes me now question anything that comes with Broderbund 's name on it .
 By the time you even learn how to use this software , you 'll be too stiff and frail to get out ther and do it ! I mean , this software is complicated to use , you just have a hard time getting a feel for it ; in the end you just wan na chuck it in the '' I 'll never use this software '' bin and write it up to experience .
 ITEM WAS DESCRIBED WITH CERTAIN FEATURES , WHEN YOU TRY TO USE THOSE FEATURES , A POP-UP COMES UP AND TELLS YOU NEED CREATACARD GOLD TO EXCESS THAT FEATURE , SAME FOR SOME OF THE ART WORK , YOU CAN NOT , GET IT SOME OF IT WITH OUT CREATACARD GOLD THAT WAS NEVER IN THE DESCRIPTION.OR THAT YOU HAD TO HAVE THE INTERNET ON .
 This program is gash not worth the 1000 odd pounds you would end up paying for it .
 Adobe have turned off the activation server for this software so if you buy it , you ca n't use it . You can however download a free version from Adobe which does not require activation - they 're giving it away .
 My three-year old son and I enjoy playing some computer games together , and Reader Rabbit games have been a big hit . I saw this three-pack for such a good price , and we 're Dora fans from rentals and books , so I decided to pick this up . Unfortunately , I was disappointed at how much this is a lot of talking and not too much playing.While the games offer `` story '' vs `` just play '' mode , the story mode was more than half animations and talking , with just a little interactivity . Worse , the interactive parts will eventually just skip on and keep playing , even if the child does n't try to do anything , so they just play like a movie , too.If you 've got a kid who 's computer literate and you 're looking for a different way to plop them down somewhere for a half an hour while you make dinner -LRB- and I 'm not above that -RRB- , then these games are slightly more interactive than the TV show . However , if you 're looking for something educational or that 's interesting to play while your kid 's on your lap , this is n't the thing to get.Me ? I 'll stick with the Dora videos and probably just buy the next Reader Rabbit game instead .
 We did n't even get this one out of the box . We ordered it primarily for Animal Adventures , which is also available separately . But this three-games-in-one package seemed like a better deal . Unfortunately , Animal Adventures is NOT Mac compatible . At all . Also , this says it 's for Mac OS X Classic , which is n't readily available with Tiger . It 's in there somewhere , apparently , but it does n't boot automatically like it used to .
 I wish that I had read the reviews before ordering this , but I relied on Amazon 's product description . One of the three games is NOT Mac compatible , despite NO WARNING WHATSOEVER of this fact on he product description or on the packaging . Dora Animal Adventures will only work on WinPCs .
 This is just a waste of your money . The games are very cheesy and glorified version of what you see on TV/videos . No educational content ... interaction between the software and the child is minimal ... I bought Reader Rabbit PreSchool and Alphabet Express along with the DORA 3-pack ... these two are very educational as well as entertaining for my 4 year old .
 This is easily the most annoying program I 've owned . Although it does help once in a while to open the occasional . doc or . ppt file that I receive in e-mail , it makes the process so agonizing it 's only slightly better than not opening the file at all . About half the time the file opens up perfectly . The rest of the time the application opens -LRB- s-l-o-w-l-y ... -RRB- then a blank document comes up . It claims to be the file in question , but there is nothing in the document at all . But the same file just might open up fine the next time you start your computer . You never know what you 'll get . This happens not only with translated documents , but even with documents created in Thinkfree itself . I recommend it only a stop-gap measure for those who have a lot of time to waste trying to get MS files to open .
 Much like another commentator , I have a Mac and tried this . Oddly , the online version works pretty well on my Mac . So I just straight bought the offline version.Not one single Word or PowerPoint file opened properly . The formatting looks garbled . The powerpoint equivalent -LRB- `` Show '' -RRB- would n't even correctly render a full menu bar , let alone open anything.Any accolades for this product are for non-Mac versions and/or the online version only.I hate to say it , but one might just have to bite the bullet and buy MS Office . I have boot camp and parallels and just resort to that now . Sucks , I know.Oh , did I make myself clear about how bad this product is ? Tech support says that they 're aware of a solution and I can beta test in September . Sounds like others have been down this road before.Go ahead ... if you 've got time to waste .
 I really wanted to like this product . ThinkFree Office Suite was going to be my ticket to a Microsoft-free environment when I switched over to the Macintosh platform a few months ago . It touts nearly complete compatibility with the three main MS Office apps
 It does n't work . Period.No response from tech support after 2 inquiries over 10 days.History
 If I had $ 1 for every time a CS2 app crashed and made expend real hours to redo work , I 'd have about $ 10 . And that 's enough for me to say , BEWARE of this set of applications ! Adobe has allowed them to get too bloated , too slow , and the results are that all the programs -LRB- but principally GoLive , InDesign and Illustrator , in that order -RRB- are crashy and will quite suddenly , forcing you to expend the precious hours of your life redoing work you just finished . I can not stress how disappointed I am in Adobe , and how distraught I am that we as a nation have allowed the only two competing companies to join , thus guaranteeing that there will be less quality and innovation in the future . In any event , do not buy the CS2 apps , Adobe does not deserve your support !
 It 's 2010 and I got the 2008 version . Kuwait has changed a lot since 2008 so this version has become pretty useless.Also , I could n't install it using my Mac . . I had to dig out my old PC computer to complete the installation.The Garmin website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- does not allow me an upgrade from 2008 , so I will have to attempt contacting their customer service and see if there 's anyway I could get an upgrade instead of buying a new map for $ 189.99 .
 Tried multiple times to load this software . Never successful . Will only buy new software after this experience . Child very disappointed but I had purchased `` Save the Dinos '' and was pleased with the new software . Lesson learned !
 Bottom Line
 To the Ventura Fanatics : I have used Adobe Pagemaker , Quark XPress , and Adobe InDesign over the last twelve years in a high-paced professional publishing environment , laying out 30 to 120 pages per week . When I changed jobs and took on Corel Ventura , which was explained to be the `` equal '' of Quark , I shrugged and took it on.Since the initial post , I have managed to complete a 300 page book , with hundreds of images and in color , which was a component of the many other responsibilities I had to deal with . The program was unstable , unfriendly and lost tables and text all the time . A smaller project I began on it from scratch I abandoned in favor of MS Word.In my humble opinion , short documents -LRB- under 50 pages -RRB-
 I purchased this hoping that it was just as good as Jumpstart Preschool . My daughter did not care for this one . The music is not that great and the games are not as fun . The graphics are not even as good as the Jumpstart Preschool . I guess we will keep it but she does not play with it much . She asks for Jumpstart Preschool , `` check out the school that 's real cool . ''
 The cover of the toddler game is not what I received . My autistic son really likes the original jumpstart toddler game . When I received this game , the cover had ducks on the front , not what the cover shows .
 This product is too elementary for any toddler able to use a mouse . My toddler -LRB- boy -RRB- finds it boring . Go for the preschool stage . This will not only stimulate your toddler but make it more enjoyable .
 We had this CD for my 9yr old when he was little . Ended up throwing it away because it kept getting stuck in the middle of play . We liked some of the games in it , so I purchased this again for my 2yr old in the newer updated version thinking it would be better . The reviews I read stated that even if your little one cant use a mouse , just the keyboard will make things work . Well , dont know about anyone elses 2yr old , but mine is punch happy on the keyboard and kept locking things up and exiting the game if he hit any other key besides an alphabet letter . So once again , disappointed in this software . Also purchased the Reader Rabbit and am very happy with that one . My little one likes it better too as it has more activities .
 My daughter is 22 months old and already has Windows 7 figured out . She can log out of her mommy 's user and log into her own limited account or put the computer to sleep when we tell her , `` Let 's take a break from the computer . '' She can switch between programs she likes effortlessly -LRB- e.g. , Windows 7 's Purble Place and Microsoft Word -RRB- . She loves the PBS Kids web site and knows how to pause and full screen -LRB- and , unfortunately , un-full screen -RRB- Dora and Sesame Street on Netflix Watch-Instantly . But she can not get a handle on this program and it both bores and frustrates her . The `` loading '' animations are long and the UI is terrible . What you can click on is completely unclear -- even I had no idea what was actually interactive and what was n't without some experimentation . -LRB- Think mid - '90s adventure games . -RRB- While it runs fine on Windows 7 , it was a pain in the butt for me to make it full-screen -LRB- with its paltry 640x480 resolution -RRB- -- I had to use my nVidia Control Panel to force it into full screen . Before that , it was a small window surrounded by blackness that took up only 15 % of my screen -LRB- 640x480 on a 1920x1080 monitor -RRB- . Frustratingly , there 's a coloring section that has an abominably stupid feature
 this was really simplistic and my toddler did not enjoy it . the program does most of the work so its not teaching as much as I would like . I would recommend for someone just starting to let their kids use the computer but it will not hold their attention for long . reader rabbit for baby and toddler is a much better investment .
 Although being sold on amazon this product has been discontinued by magellan and offers no support . The software is locked and Magellan offers no support to unlock any of the maps . I ca n't believe Magellan amazon and the seller made money and I got screwed .
 Does not work as advertised . Even though they say you can activate over the internet the website only provides a tech support number which is only available M-F 6 - 5 Pacific . -LRB- Very bad for a product used primarily on the weekends -RRB- . They say it has tides/currents . -LRB- This is a blatant lie -RRB- . They unlock code works only with one GPS/SD card combo AND only ONE map on an SD card at a time . Meaning your 128 Meg SD card is a waste of money as most maps are only 8-10 Meg . Does not coexist with Mapsend Topo maps either . This product should still be in Beta . Detail does seem to be there after activating and viewing the product . Uploading and activating are very tedious and time consuming tasks .
 Lost my Color Merridian overboard and had to replace the GPS . When I recieved the new GPS I called Magellan to get a new unlock code so I could load the charts on my replacement GPS . I was informed I would have to purchase a new bluenav CD since they only issue one unlock code with no exceptions . Well my exception is I will never buy another Magellan product Hardware / Software . As for the replacement Color Merridian it is being returned today . In the future I will purchase Garmin .
 The map is old and there is no way to update the information annually with published changes . Obtaining an unlock code is an involved process with a long wait for technical support by phone .
 The Amazon compatibility block says it works with Sportrak Color but the online Magellan site for getting an unlock code does n't provide an option other than for SD cards which the Sportrak does n't use . Go with Garmin . I have run into more weird documentation and support issues with Magellan than I can name .
 I own a Magellan Meridian Marine unit . Just found out that you can only get 1 access code per program . I purchased 2 64 meg cards in hopes of downloading more than 1 map per card . Not only can I not down load more than 1 map , I can not get an access code for additional cards . Lost money all the way around.Magellan offered me the opportunity to buy the Blue Nav XL charts at $ 179.00 , but low and behold , they come with the same defect of 1 unlock code per program.I was a believer in Magellan , but switching to Garmin today!David .
 I read the older reviews and went ahead and bought the BlueNav CD anyway , in the hope that Magellan would have corrected the shortcomings reported previously . Unfortunately , they did not . The biggest problem is the limitation of one map at a time !!! You can only use one SD card -LRB- the one you activate -RRB- and can only have one map on it at a time . You can change maps , but need a laptop and a lot of time for this . I 'm a kayaker -LRB- and do n't generally carry a laptop in the boat with me -RRB- , so this product is totally useless for me in any but the most limited circumstances.Bad , Magellan !!! Bad !!!!!
 I just bought a Magellan SporTrak PRO Marine and the MapSend Blue Nav software . I have never been as disappointed in a purchase or subesequent product support in my life . Save yourself a LOT of aggravation and wasted time ... buy a Garmin . That 's what I 'm about to do . I will NEVER buy another product from Magellan .
 I was interested in the product even after reading the bad reviews but did not buy because the toll free number and website listed above for the contact information to gain the one activation code are both disconnected . I thing this would have been a good deal for one activation code but it looks like there is no way to get that code .
 Great price but unable to get unlock key as software is so old . Nice chart to look at on my laptop but can not put on GPS without unlock key . Spent 2 days with magellan on phone ... no dice ... guess i 'll chalk this purchase up as a loss and buy a new handheld GPS .
 An ungodly painful process made obtaining maps from this software a nightmare . If you have an older product , which can mean something as ancient as two years most of the techs are clueless . This may be true only for marine products , but I have definitely sworn off all Magellan and Thales products as a result .
 When I got this product , I thought that it would be a interactive program that I could load onto my iPod and learn with . However , once I got the software onto my iPod , i was left with a bunch of pictures and a couple of songs that were `` supposed '' to help me increase my vocabulary . This software so far has been a complete waste of money so far . I woud n't suggest this to anyone .
 This is an over-priced product that helps little if your objective is to have a quality video editing suite . It is much better and convenient to buy aftereffects and premiere 5.1 , independently .
 I 've been using retrospect on macs since the mid-nineties . While computers have advanced a great deal since then , retrospect software has not . It is a bloated mess of outdated graphics and inefficient algorithms . I use this software because it is the only thing I 've found which will run unattended backups on a mixed network of Mac , Windows , and Linux computers . This is no small feat and I give Dantz/EMC credit for that . They lose the credit , however , because while it 's been how many years since OSX has been released , retrospect still does n't run native . It 's just a Carbon version of the system 9 software . This means that you always have to have the finder open on your server to run retrospect and it ca n't take advantage of any of the features of a unix based OS like OSX . It 's also a processor hog ; doing a simple backup , slows my dual processor tiger server down to a crawl . Clicking the wrong button while using the clunky interface can mean spending the next fifteen minutes watching the old capstans turn -LRB- their version of the spinning beachball -RRB- . There 's got ta be a better way .
 I had used the earlier version of Mp3 Wizard which was riddled with problems -LRB- some were corrected with patches -RRB- . However , 2.0 claimed to be such an upgrade from the last with the bugs all worked out . I am having the same problem as another customer , that is it will not let me fill up an 80 minute CD -LRB- as was advertised -RRB- and will continually give me error messages when I attempt to burn more than 16 or 17 songs . I have contacted the Mp3 Wizard tech support about this a few times and they have not yet offered any solutions to this problem nor have been the best at customer service . I am dissapointed in this product , especially since it was supposed to be a great improvement over the earlier version , which it is not !
 This is a very clunky , very limited piece of software . It converts files to mp3 's from pretty much any other format . But that 's it . You ca n't edit your sound files . You ca n't turn mp3 's into other file formats -LRB- except . wav - but you can get freeware programs that do that -RRB- . The CD writing options are limited . The only good point is that the interface is spiffy-looking . But the thing that makes me mad enough to get online and write a review is this
 Not worth the CD-ROM it is printed on . Tried to edit MP3s with this program -LRB- cut portions from the end of files -RRB- , and it made the entire file just one long , whiny sound . My advice
 The description of the product did not state that it is not compatible with the latest versions of Microsoft Windows such as XP , Vista , or 7 . The product can only be ran on very old Windows versions . In addition to that the Book condition was listed as `` Excellent '' . In reality the book has damaged corner and a lot of hand written and underlining remarks . I have put a dispute with my credit card customer service after the seller offerer my $ 15.00 discount .
 I thought it would have a lot of real space footage . It was mostly astronauts training here on earth and even computer graphics of space . Again , not what I was looking for .
 I purchased Space Station 3D this morning and I 'm hoping somebody from Warner Video sees this.There is a problem with the 3D formatting of this film . The film is supposed to be 3d from start to finish , but on this disc , the film is not stereo 3D until 3:13 into the film . Both the `` left-eye '' and `` right-eye '' images are the same up to that point.Since the film goes from 2D to 3D between shots , this is probably an issue with how the left and right video tracks were prepped for 3D encoding , since my player registers a true 3D video track from the start . I 'm very familiar with this film and with 3D post-production and there is a major QC issue with this title.-Mike
 I was a little disappointed because I thought it would have had more pics of earth and other planets etc. . Was however very interesting seeing the inside of the space station and how it works .
 This was a big disappointment . It was short , boring and expensive . The 3D was non-existent for the first 3 minutes and everyone kept taking off their glasses and playing with its power button thinking something was wrong with their set , and much of the entire film was of home-movie quality . I bought it for my grand kids hoping there would be some WOW factor , and instead everyone was bored to tears . I sat there embarassed and could n't wait for it to end .
 Viewed on Sony kdl60NX810 led 3dFirst rent b4 you buy . The 3D did n't live up to its expectation , i.e. , lacking in oomph ! Watchable , fairly educational . Guess i expected a lot more from the blu ray
 Well this is going to be an honest review of this movie . This is actually the first negative review I 've ever made but this film is BORING . . so boring you wo n't even care about the 3D effects because the only thing on your mind is HOW LONG IS THIS MOVIE ? or I HATE IT THAT THESE IMAX MOVIES ARE TOO SHORT FOR THE MONEY BUT HONESTLY IF THIS MOVIE DOESNT END SOON I 'LL FALL ASLEEP ... like seriously ... And to top off the boringness of this `` Alright , today is movie day class '' film its beginning does n't exactly help it as the first 2-3 .5 minutes are either not in 3D or the 3D is so minuscule you 'll wonder if you got a defective product . It was n't until skipping forward a few chapters to make sure I even chose 3D version and not 2D version that I realized the beginning 3D effects are comparable to the overall movie quality
 This was OK for a `` slice of life in space , '' but it really was kinda boring . I think at this early stage of 3D content , the pickins are quite slim , so anything shot in 3D is being marketed . If this were not in 3D it would have no audience whatsoever.If you are a NASA geek , I 'm sure you 'll like this . But really that 's the only audience that will appreciate this rather boring procedural.I gave it one star not because it it 's horrible , or that the filmmakers did a bad job , it 's to bring down the rating a bit , as it seems artificially inflated for what it is . People with a 3D system looking for some 3D `` WOW '' will be really disappointed with it .
 This video is interesting and some of the footage is quite nice but , it is severly lacking as a 3D experience . Some of the scenes are n't even in 3D or it is so poor it does n't appear they are ; there were only a handful of scenes that made me exclaim ... `` WOW '' !!!! Not recommended , I feel taken , which is unexpected for an IMAX film .
 This is something called a server for small business cal , I do n't know what it is but it clearly says on the package this is not a call for small business server 2003 . If you are looking for a SBS CAL do not buy this.Good thing Amazon return policy is easy , thats why I buy here instead of the cheapest place I can find things .
 I purchased this program thinking that I would save time , money and heartache by making sure what a hairdo and/or color would look like on ME before taking the final step . There are not actually nearly as many `` hairdos '' as advertised since the only change may be the bang to the right or the left . The haircolors were totally unrealistic . They resemble that spray on stuff you use at Halloween . As for the makeup section , it 's virtually impossible to apply the makeup to the picture in a smooth coverup . It 's blotchy to say the least . The only good feature I found was that it was very easy to make the hairdos , hats , glasses , etc fit any picture and it 's equally as easy to position the articles .
 Worst software I have ever used . It requires activation - must have learned that technique from Intuit TurboTax . For whatever reason the activation did n't work - system error , asked me to email their support . When I emailed and called their support , they are only interested in charging me $ X.XX per incident . Buy this software only if you want to test your patience .
 If I could , I would give no stars.I have Silverfast scanning software for many scanners -LRB- 8 at the moment -RRB- . They all have problems and are horrendous to learn.None do what the setup tells me they will do . Some will not even accept their own serial numbers . A horror.Originally I liked them , when they were simple . Now they are hard to learn , complex , and not clear at all . And their use of symbols instead of words confuses.I can not recommend them at all . In my opinion , stay away .
 I actually have SF Ai Studio . While the software does a lot compared to the scanning software provided with my Epson scanner , it crashes all the time . Their tech support is incapable of figuring out why and do n't seem too bothered about it . Sadly , they can get away with this since there 's little competition . How they live with themselves is beyond me .
 This product is no longer supported or sold on the Mac Platform by the developer . This version is REALLY old . Sounds like someone is cleaning out an old closet here . I have an old manual for the next version -LRB- 3 -RRB- with a copyright of 1995 which would make the 2.1 even older . Caveat emptor !
 This program would not run on my XP machines . It would only run on a old ME PC .
 I have been using most of the CreataCards versions for some time . This reminded me of those teaser programs that they throw in with a new printer . It gives you a very limited feel for the program . If you expect to make your own cards do n't expect much of a card selection . Most categories just give you a selection of 3 card choices . Spend a few more bucks and stay away from this Special Edition . This was a waste of money !
 I had CreataCard before and I liked the labels and calendar features . I thought that was what I was getting with this version of CreataCard , but I was wrong . I thought of ordering CreataCard Gold , but after reading the reviews of it , I decided not to . I now have Vista and it does n't ssy anything about that being compatible.Dot E , Banning , CA
 Extremely disappointed in this disc-creatacard . I thought it would have much more variety for cards but it does not . You have to buy them and then the choices are not good to choose from . I do not even use this at all . Total let down .
 This is without a doubt the worst piece of software I have ever purchased.By the title I expected it to be an upgrade of CreateaCard gold 8 . I simply uninstalled it , and threw the disk in the garbage .
 I had create a card for many years . This is the worse one ever . It is so limited in choice that I ; ve removed it from my computer .
 Would not recommend purchasing special edition
 It was just OK . Not enough choices in each card category . Probably would not buy it again .
 I 've been designing and retouching Photoshop heavily since version 4.0 , Illustrator since 7.0 . I demand a lot from both these products and have generally been more than satisfied with their performance.In that time I 've never encountered buggier , slower , less stable iteration of either application -LRB- barring perhaps Illustrator 9 which was a veritable carpet bombing of lousy quality control -RRB- . Bugs abound on Windows XP . I often lose functionality of tools in Illustrator -LRB- e.g. the H and B sliders in the HSB color palette becoming unmovable , while the rest of the program chugs along at a snail 's pace for some inexplicable reason -RRB- . There are abundant redraw and display glitches that I 'm hesitant to chalk up to ATI 's drivers.Photoshop 's interface is becoming less consistent and usable . The program is often uncertain how to handle the scroll-wheel and performs numerous actions at once , or in rapid-fire succession . Furthermore , making a selection in a drop-down menu -LRB- such as blending mode , or a tool option -RRB- leaves focus on that element , so efforts to use hotkeys are in vain until you remember to hit the escape key . Does Adobe really expect us to be this indecisive ? Or did they just neglect to smooth rough edges to meet an unreasonable release cycle?I wo n't even go into details with ImageReady . Suffice it to say that this program 's extended functionality -LRB- what little there is -RRB- should have been part of Photoshop from its 5.5 debut . And it has all the hallmarks of a `` complementary '' product . It 's a second-class , half-baked app , and I pray that its code wo n't taint Fireworks after the acquisition of Macromedia.Overall , Adobe has dropped the ball once again . To resounding critical acclaim . Take it from someone whose day job is designing with these applications
 If you look at the reviews for the bundled art history software by CounterTop , you will see multiple mentions of software problems . One can only use 2 of the 5 bundled CDs . It 's a shame because you can see where the software creators were headed but one can not get the programs to run correctly . It 's almost as if CounterTop does n't care ; they just bundle old software together and provide no support for known problems at their website .
 You will get about $ 20 worth of use from this product . What you can bring up from the software is entertaining and interesting . However you will not get 1/100th of what you think is promised by the packaging and titles . The software is often difficult and unattractive . The musical examples are limited and not well recorded . The Musical Dictonary gives you precise definitions but not any great commentary . If you expect a great bargain , you will be unhappy . CounterTop is the software equivalent of the Dollar Store . You get what you pay for .
 The CD set has a wealth of information - but the media itself -LRB- how it loads , how the program plays , how you access info -RRB- is dated and VERY basic . It was also a bit surprizing that it takes a bit of doing to ever hear the music . Very `` reference text '' feeling.If you are looking for a way to READ more about music , this is a fine set . If you are looking for an interactive experience , keep looking .
 Although nowhere in the packaging will you see this information , this is a British encyclopedia . It used British spellings . It has tons of information about voting districts in London and is missing basic information about the United States . I frankly felt defrauded by this product .
 When I first bought it , I thought it 's a pretty good tool for school . However , I was very disappointed at this encyclopedia . It hardly have any information in it . Also , it has only a small amount of pictures , audios , etc. . The other CDs that come with the main encyclopedia is not that good , too . I feel that the only thing helpful is The Hutchinson Educational Encyclopedia 2000 . If I 'm you , I would n't decide to buy it .
 I purchased this set of five CD 's and got ready to enjoy an art appreciation tour of Europe 's museums . Forget it ! I could never get any of the Louvre CD 's run , even after successful setup of EACH CD and it was dicy whether the other CD 's would run . WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT . Such a good idea.As one reviewer remarked , ` the software is buggy . '' I have a new HP Pavillon computer with 200 Gigs of hard drive and fast AMD Athlon processor , and make my living as a software engineer , so it 's not the computer . I tossed them . TOO BAD ! Maybe there 's something similar that WORKS !
 I purchased this set of five CD 's and got ready to enjoy an art appreciation tour of Europe 's museums . Forget it ! I could never get any of the Louvre CD 's run , even after successful setup of EACH CD and it was dicy whether the other CD 's would run . WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT . Such a good idea.As one reviewer remarked , ` the software is buggy . '' I have a new HP Pavillon computer with 200 Gigs of hard drive and fast AMD Athlon processor , and make my living as a software engineer , so it 's not the computer.I tossed them . TOO BAD ! Maybe there 's something similar that WORKS !
 I was really looking forward to seeing the art but I put the CD 's in and nothing happened . At all ! I knew it was n't my computer and tried all of the CDs . What a disappointment . I returned it and hope to find something similar that works ! Maybe I just got a bad set .
 Just a word to the wise , I purchased three different copies of this software , and every single one came up with the same problem . I could n't load the last 3 cd 's . I have a Dell Pentium 3 450Mhz computer with 16 gigs of hard drive space , so I know it was n't my computer . This product never worked and I would have to dicourage any person looking to puchase it . What a disapointment !
 I thought , from looking at the material presented on it , that it would be useful . It has lovely multimedia but it has very fuzzy images . For the paintings that are n't considered `` masterworks '' the images or even fuzzier . Its a lovely overview but I do n't reccomend it for reference or educational use . It takes about an hour to see all that it has to offer .
 This program is very buggy . We could n't get it to run properly on two different computers . From what we were able to see , it could be a very good program if you could get it to work , so it does get one star for potential . One major problem is that error messages came up in Italian and we did n't have our English/Italian dictionary handy to figure it all out .
 The five cd 's required individual setup for each one . Never could get the third Louvre disk -LRB- Egyptian/Italian Art -RRB- to load properly . Tried two different computers . Initial viewing of other disks look interesting and informative . I sometimes get a peculiar `` double exposure '' appearing presentation on the slide shows . I do n't know if it is a problem or is intended as some artsie effect . I guess I have paid more for worse programs .
 I was ecstatic to have a multimedia editing program comparible to that of Adobe Premier , and paying only of fraction of Premier 's price . This was short lived however . I have been working on a 3D Animation for several months . The total length will be approximately 30 minutes . With my new VideoShop in hand , I began plugging in my movie segments , soundtrack , sound effects and voice overs . I will say that it had a wonderfully flexible timeline with an unlimited number of tracks -LRB- video/audio -RRB- available . But here is where my misfortune began . After adjusting all my clips on the timeline and playing a preview , I was very pleased . The time had come to compress it into a Quicktime movie . This is a lenghty process that took upwards to 45 minutes . Sitting back and thinking myself ` job well done ' I played my clip back . ALL my audio after 1 minute into play was getting ahead of the video . Something was obviously amise . I called Strata -LRB- makers of VideoShop -RRB- , the ONLY person handling tech support for this product admitted there is a bug with syncronization after compression . Then there was dead air on the phone as he waited without offering any advise with the problem . I pursued asking questions for a workaround . He pointed out a couple ` click here and there 's ' , but nothing he suggested helped . I was getting the impression I was bothering him by the way he would just come up with extreme suggestions that were irrelevant to the problem . He even went as far to tell me to use another program . . Five days later , I had enough with Strata . I do NOT recomend this product if you plan on have long or well-syncronized movies . It has some nice features , but without the capability of it performing audio/video syncronization , it is not an multimedia editor . .
 I have just had a horrific experience with your product DriveWorks.I run Windows 2000 and had decided that I needed a good program to back up my whole harddrive in the event of a crash . I found DriveWorks.My problem started when I realized -LRB- after purchase -RRB- that nothing would load on my computer except AutoSave , so I installed it . In fact I installed and uninstalled it three times because everytime I installed it , it crashed my computer right before it would end the booting up process . I thought that this program was not the main reason I purchased the whole thing so I could live with it not working.Since I was running Win2000 the instructions said the other programs would only work from the CD , so I rebooted with the floppy and went to the CD to try to run Image Commander to backup my harddrive . -LRB- Then I read that it would not backup straight to CD . Your box says , `` This image is a compressed file that can be easily saved to a CD . '' I guess you just forgot to mention that you can only save it to CD AFTER you save it to a harddrive . What if you do n't have enough space on your harddrive to put the backup file on ??? -RRB- After booting up with the CD it told me that the only way the program would backup FAT32 files was if it was installed on the harddrive , yet I could n't install it because I was running Windows 2000 . I was really beginning to believe I had purchased a joke . If only I had ... When I purchased the program I had also been looking for a disk partiting program like Partition Magic . Since I did n't find it at Office Max I was glad when DriveWorks had Partition Commander . I proceeded to open that program ... finally a program that I could open ! I wished I had n't been able to . While looking at the options , never giving any command to actually do changes ... my WHOLE harddrive got instantly deleted !!! There was no `` Are you sure ? '' `` All your data will be deleted '' warnings or anything like it . It was just gone ! The very thing I had feared had just happened to me , but the worse thing was that it was at the hands of the program I had purchased to help me prepare for such a catastrophe ! I ca n't tell you the anger I felt.Buy at own risk !
 Well here you have it ,3 Days of Frustration , failed solution after failed solution , and ... . the death via slaying of a 70 $ program . I purchased this say 4 months prior and from day one problems . To start with I have an All-in-Wonder Radeon video card , 200 $ + , and I experienced a split screen problem with it no matter if you ran it from WINDOWS 2000 PRO or Booting from it . `` The Manufacturers '' web site stated that there was no fix for this problem . A split screen to me after spending 70 bucks was annoying but all together bearable and went on and partition my RAID array with it.Now Dec. 28,01 I purchased a WD 80 GIG HD , and 2 more 60 Gig Maxtors to backup my 52 Gigs of MP3 's as the took 2 years to compile . To make a long story short I had Win 2000 on my RAID and needed to remove it , install on the 80 Gig , and move Win 2000 and set up a `` 0 +1 '' Stripe plus Span on the RAID.Yada Yada and so on . This product has a built in recovery feature JUST in case a power failure occurs during an operation . No the power never went out , Just the 70 $ CD costing no more than .03 cents to V Com Oh and the 40 $ profit , trust me , no research and development went on here . I backed up my windows directory and partition my RAID and my new 80 Gig and ended up in a `` insert recovery disk 2 ... blah blah you are now safe to restart '' cycle for an hour.Ok I could at this point go on for hours cursing , bottom line I , an intelligent -LRB- no arrogance intended -RRB- person had NO , NONE , NADA , Not a choice but toto reformat everything , fight with WIN 2000 to recognize my RAID as C : ... . again BLAHThe interface had promise but the code hade no intention on making the previous work . A damned shame V ComDO NOT . PLEASE DO NOT . By this unless you love and I mean LOVE stressV Com should be ashamed
 The Same -LRB- VERY CLOSE -RRB- thing happened to ME.This is a joke it ruined my computer I acually broke a 69.95 $ CD in half out of complete frustration.I 'm sure there will be a few people in the future who simply and luckily performed a simple partition with no IMPORTANT info on thier drive , and give it credit BUT PLEASE !! anyone whom this also happened to , PLEASE WRITE EVEN A 10 letter review and tell people what you think OH -LSB- please -RSB- . All my digital family photos and video of my 10 month old twins gone because of a bad interface and programing FOR 70 $ BLAH ! The better business bureau will get a complaint from me
 I used Videoshop 4.5 to edit and add effects to movie clips I captured with iMovie and a digital camcorder attached with Firewire to my iMac DV . After pasting together 12 minutes of footage into a single QuickTime movie with Videoshop I discovered that the AUDIO AND VIDEO DRIFT OUT OF SYNC AFTER A FEW MINUTES ! I found out that several other people have had this problem , and as far as I know there is no solution for it . Do n't bother with Videoshop . I recommend iMovie and Final Cut Pro instead .
 I bought this software program because I thought it would be good to use to make fliers , brochures , and stuff for the real estate business . I was impressed with the review and the product information . But when I recieved the software and tried to use it , i could n't get the projects to work . I was only able to view the different pictures that were on my computer.I think that I am going to try PrintShop Deluxe instead . I heard and read that that Adobe PhotoShop is the big daddy to this -- Adobe PhotoDeluxe , but I ca n't afford that right now . I think that the Adobe PhotoDeluxe BE 1.0 needs some improvement . But I do love Adobe products .
 Adobe 's Business edition crashes easily when trying to print to my 24 '' wide HP designjet plotter . It could be file size or something else , but I 'm no teckkie , so I do n't really know . Adobe offers no help.Other than that , HP 's bundled software -LRB- PhotoPrinting -RRB- is much easier to use but it does n't support the large format .
 The product does not allow you to save a file as JPEG . This has caused me many problems with posting photos to my Web page . Otherwise , the product is easy to use and has lots of fun things to create .
 I was very dissapointed in finding that the maps on the CD is very outdated . The one cover the areas around my house -LRB- just outside Denver -RRB- must be over 30 years old . I am also dissapointed by the resolution of the maps . Not even near the picture shown on the box .
 This GPS mapping program is a real disappointment . To begin with there is insufficient documentation to get started using it . Once you do fumble your way through , you discover that it lacks detail enough to be very useful . It is an outdated program for today 's powerful GPS units .
 Not for the serious hiker . This map is way off on its accuracy . Want to plan a hike on your PC before hand ... Forget it . Contours are 100 ft. incurements . Very limited reference points . Actually had me on the wrong side of a creek . No bench mark refferences . Use your Garman Gps it 's a great tool . But do n't waste your time or money with this map . Stick to your USGA maps .
 The detail on this software is horrible . There 's an area we like to go camping and I found the area with this software . It has one of the 3 major lakes in the area , shows none of the forest roads , hiking trails , or campsites and I have it set on highest detail . Garmin makes great hardware , but horrible software .
 I bought this product for hikes and to guide me in navigating rivers . Only very major roads are named so I ca n't use this very easily to calculate my route there . Most roads are there but they just vanish at some points and reappear in others . Using a real topo map it is immediately obvious that these same roads do not dissapear and in fact continue on their course uninteruppted like a road should . The elevations and detail are very course . No trails are shown . I am not very happy I bought this product and am going to look into the roads and recreation to see if it does a better job . FYI I bought this to use with my Etrex Legend which I think is just great .
 I got this software for use with my Garmin eTrex Summit , and found it to be less than adequate for my work . As a botanist in the northwoods , I cover a lot of territory each season . I need to be able to view accurate and complete topographic maps , plot my tracks and markers on these maps , and orient locations by legal description -- Township , Range , and Section line -- so that I know , for instance , when I 'm crossing property lines , say from public to private land.Mapsource 's topo maps have few contour lines and omit many dirt roads , small lakes , and many other details . Most importantly , Township , range and section lines are omitted . In it 's favor , Mapsource is easy to use . And the price is good
 I recently got an eTrex Summit GPS and bought this software in order to download the trips I take into a printable format as well as to plan hikes before starting out on them . The bottom line is that this 3 CD-ROM set does n't contain nearly enough information to do that . I took a 4 mile hike this weekend near San Francisco , and downloaded it to the software . It does show the track that we walked , but the topographic information from this software is so coarse that you ca n't tell that we went up and down , gaining some 500 feet in elevation since the contour lines are so far apart on the map generated . Furthermore , the road into the park was n't drawn correctly , the ranger station and other services were n't marked and so on . In short , the maps provided wo n't allow you to plan a hike , which was the point in the first place right ?
 I live in Idaho , and actually , really , go into the wilderness . The level of detail provided by garmin 's u.s. topo offering is honestly not sufficient for accurately setting waypoints . National Geographic 's state series is indeed sufficient -LRB- in fact it 's the best for Idaho -RRB- . Not to be cruel , but being able to download inadequately detailed map source is not nearly as important as being able to download truly accurate waypoints . Buying both packages would obviously be the best solution , but really you can set up all the detail you need -LRB- for getting in & out -RRB- using just national geographic -LRB- whereas you ca n't with garmin 's u.s. topo stuff -RRB- . Critical note
 I just purchased this software with a Garmin eTrac Legend . I drove to the Seacoast down many major highways that were not on the map even though they are 10 to 15 years old . On my Garmin , I am always north of the features on the map , I do n't know if this is a map error or a GPS error . The Mapsource software on the cd is old by several versions . The new software is free online . You do get what you pay for , this software is not expensive , but it is not very good on detail either .
 I bought the Garmin GPSMap 60CSx and about $ 400.00 worth of software . I was under the impression that the TOPO US 2008 product was the digital equivalent of the USGS 24K - but due to space concerns I assumed it would be perhaps half the resolution -LRB- otherwise my GPS would be the size and weight of a car battery -RRB- . I was greatly mistaken at how inaccurate it was . After reading many other reviews , I said heck with it and ignored the nay sayers in favor of purchasing it . In my opinion , this item is worthless . I recommend that others avoid it . Garmin 's units are great , but their maps and licensing -LRB- especially the unlock wizards -RRB- are a joke . I recommend buying another product altogether - the nay sayers are correct .
 Compared to Magellan Mapsend the detail provided by MapSource was poor , not up to date and overall poor quality .
 So someone gave me a garmin 60csx with the United States Topo 3 cd set . I was excited and was hoping I could use this gps for navigation on road and in the boat . Apparently not , first off it takes hours and hours to figure out the Mapsource software , that is once you finally download the right version . Then it is not clear ANYWHERE that addresses are not included . So after wasting hours I finally do some google searching to find out these maps cover nothing at all really . And trails or whatever else you might want , good luck , I simply wish the names of rivers were on the darn thing . I live in Florida , we do not have mountains so I am scratching my head wondering what good this thing is . I guess since I am a boater I could spend $ 300 to get the bluechart but after seeing the value of the topo maps I am concerned about throwing good money away for a lackluster product . Oh well it was free so who really cares , I can always use it on the boat as a backup unit .
 To bad there was n't a choice to give this 0 stars . Mapsource maps are n't good enough to deserve 1 star . I spent over a thousand bucks on a Garmin StreetPilot and the Mapsource unlock keys . The StreetPilot would be a great investment if it used maps other than those ones produced by Mapsource . If I use my StreetPilot as the gps receiver and hook it up to my laptop and run Microsoft 's MapPoint , I get much more detailed maps and better accuracy . If Garmin wanted to improve their product , they 'd leave the hardware alone and ditch Mapsource .
 Not recommended due to poor graphics . Delorme mapping is a much better product .
 The topo softwear that is offered by Garmin is the poorest quality I have ever seen . I called Garmin myself and found out that they have not updated the topo softwear in more than a decade !!! Plus they have rivers labled as strems , major roads missing , and no road where there should be a road . I was so discusted with Garmin I sent my GPS unit back . If your looking for good quality topo softwear for a GPS unit try Lowrance GPS units . There much better than Garmin . Lowrance updates there softwear regularly .
 I got this software a couple of months ago and I still have n't been able to figure out how to use it . The instructions that come along with the package assume you are a computer geek . Pass on this unless you have a lot of time to try and figure out how to make good use of it .
 They sent me version 3.02 so I have to download updates to get it up to version 6.x ! Why do they send outdated versions and place the burden on the consumer ? And of course you 'll only realize your software is outdated when you have mind boggling problems getting it to work or even installed.This is the way to drive away customers .
 The software works fine and uploads easily . The maps seem to be 10 plus years out of date since they are missing sections of state highway and local streets in the greater Seattle area that have been completed for at least that long . It also does not include street names for local streets , only state and Federal highways -LRB- I noticed it does include local streets for some small villages in Alaska -RRB- . I definately would not recommend this set for urban navigation but I do like the topigraphocal features and the shoreline markers -LRB- but have not been able to determine if they are up do date -RRB- .
 I paid a lot of money for this CD upgrade for my Garmin , and I still have n't downloaded it after a year . I took it to two expert computer shops , and they ca n't do it . I went to website , downloaded countless updates and drivers , and it still wo n't work . I will never buy a Garmin product again .
 I bought this CD to help me plan a hunting trip in Alaska . I had planned on using the computer topo in conjunction with my GPS to plot routes to lakes , valleys , etc , to hunt . The topo maps for the area I am planning on hunting are incomplete . There are large lakes missing from the map , so the CD is limited in its usefulness to me . I have a paper topo of the same area and will be able to make my hunt no thanks to the CD-topo .
 I installed the TOPO software and I can not figure out how to install the data maps also . This means that the CD MUST BE IN THE DRIVE for the program to work . If you do n't have the CD to insert , the program will stops responding . I deinstalled and tried to reinstall but all I was given was `` Typical '' installation . I bought and installed the City Navigator program also and there I had a choice as to the type -LRB- full or custom -RRB- of install . I used Custom and fortunately I do n't need that CD in the drive.Note you can not overlay one map program over the over . You have to switch between the map programs . At least MapSource keeps the same area you were looking at.Also note if you download more than one program 's set of maps to your GPS , you will only see one programs maps ; City Navigator wipes out Topo maps . Supposedly you can switch map types but I 'm still looking for this option in my GPS -LRB- I have the 60csx -RRB- . I have to delete the City Navigator maps to see the Topo map info . Problem here is that the Topo maps are poor on the street naming.One more thing is I could not figure out the difference between the $ 70 and $ 80 Topo products . I bought the $ 80 version .
 I bought this product to be able to upload TOPO maps onto my Garmin eTrex Vista . This is the only product that will let you upload detailed maps to your Garmin unit , other software claims to work with your Garmin GPS , but they only download/upload waypoints . This software is way overpriced ; it runs off the CD-ROM so it is very slow when accessing higher detailed maps . I tried copying the CD 's to my drive and installing from there and it would not work . When pulling waypoints/routes/tracks from the GPS unit Mapsource always opens up a new map document , you ca n't import into the map you have open without copying and pasting . This is probably the most overpriced , counter intuitive and non-user friendly software created since MS Office . What this all boils down to is if you need detailed TOPO maps for your Garmin unit you 'll have to shell out the cash and put up with slow unfriendly software .
 I live in Colorado and am amazed at how terrible the maps on Garmin 's mapsource are . Rivers start and stop . Roads that have been there since the 1800s do n't show up . None of the trails are named . It 's really bad . I would think that if Garmin was going to force us to by their maps , they would make an effort to improve them ! I would say that anyone with a Garmin who is going to use it for 4WD roads and hiking trails should buy another mapping program to get waypoints .
 I 'm used to USGS topo 's , and their fine delineation and pinpoint precision . You wo n't find that with this software . The delineation on the maps is a dismal 66ft , and it 's not terribly accurate on its altitude in relation to your location . Even so , it is better than being without a topo , but you may not want to throw out the USGS maps quite yet .
 It is easy to load but the data is old and does not show accurate local information . It was too broad for my use .
 Mapsource TOPO US has out dated maps by at least 6-10 yr -LRB- in Pa. -RRB- and half the time the map dose not line up with the GPS with roads and elevation . When I emailed them about update , I was told that the government sends them update and they have n't gotten any in a while . To me it sounds like there depending on other people to do there work . For the price they charge , they should be checking on the updates or doing them .
 I found out today -LRB- 06/28/06 From Garmin , after I contacted them about a transter problim with the CD software that the last update to the soft was in 1999 . I was superised That the program is this old.Frankly thats not addiquit . But there is nothing I can do with that .
 The box says that `` Highways & Roads '' are included and there is even a picture on the back of a dense grid of streets in an urban area . Unfortunately they do n't provide street names for most streets -LRB- at least in the S.F. Bay Area -RRB- rendering this product nearly useless for urban navigation . I thought I could use this both for hiking and for driving around the city , but I was disappointed .
 Received this software today and have been working with it for a few hours . Very disappointed . I entered the GPS coordinates for my house and it turns out I live smack in the middle of the busy 4-lane main road which is 2 blocks from my house . I looked for Hocking Hills State Park -LRB- Ohio -RRB- , which is where I do a lot of hiking and what do you know ... It 's now a state park . It 's also , according to the contour lines , pretty flat . Funny , last time I was there I seem to remember a lot of hills and ravines . I realize there will be some degree of inaccuracy in any digital map that covers the entire U.S. , and I realize this is no substitute for a paper map but the level of errors I found so far does no give me much confidence in this product . If this is the best Garmin has to offer I think I may regret selling my Magellan !
 Very imprecise , poor and obsolete software . Lack of trails , roads etc. . , could be even danger in the remote area to person who trust it . You will have some use but rather with good paper topographic map .
 I have been using a Garmin Vista C GPS since it was introduced , and although I have previously encountered serious problems with Garmin products , I decided to take a chance and buy this MapSource CD ROM from them . I solo hike in national forests , and I thought that if Garmin 's maps provided any additional information whatever , then it might be worth the $ 79 I paid for it . I should have known better . This product is absolutely worthless as far as my needs and interests go . It would take a very long time to enumerate all of the product 's many flaws , so here 's a very short list . The documentation and help files are atrocious . They do n't even provide clear information about how to transfer map data to the GPS . The CD ROM -LRB- on which the maps reside -RRB- must be inserted in your computer whenever you use MapSource , which means there 'll be plenty of unnecessary wear and tear on your CD ROM drive . That 's right ! Proving that they are truly dunderheads of staggering proportions , Garmin 's `` genius engineers '' wo n't even let you copy these maps to your harddrive ... no matter how big it is !!! And once map data are transferred to the GPS , I have found them to be unhelpful and inaccurate . For instance , two water holes shown on the map are mislocated by several miles . If you need water during a hike and you intend to rely on Garmin ... GOOD LUCK ! One of the most annoying problems concerns the `` scaling '' algorithm used to display the map data on my GPS . Is this a GPS problem , a map problem , some combination problem ? I DO N'T care , because both products were made by Garmin ... so Garmin owns the problems ! Once again Garmin 's resident geniuses used an appallingly stupid strategy that reflects a total failure to understand who their customers are and what they 're trying to do . For example , when I zoom into get a close look at my location , various forest service roads are sometimes displayed . I 'd like to see where they go , naturally , so I zoom out a bit to get a better view of them . WHAM ! They suddenly vanish completely from the display ! Yep , they are not displayed at all . Instead of seeing them , the screen is crowded with the names of landmarks that are many miles from my location and that have no relevance to what I 'm trying to do . My frustrating experiences have led me to conclude that the GPS/map market is dominated by little-league , back-water , third-rate players like Garmin and DeLorme . I have had extensive experience with some of their products , and I have always found them to be totally unacceptable . I hope and pray that a major league player ... like Google , Apple , or even Microsoft ... will some day take an interest in this market and crush the losers who currently occupy it . Think about it
 I installed this software package on my year-old computer , but when I tried to start it I just got an error log file to be emailed to Garmin . Their tech support department was closed . Worse , another Garmin software package -LRB- MetroGuide -RRB- had now stopped working , and the Windows Uninstaller kept crashing when I tried to remove them . A good hour and a half later I have finally reinstalled MetroGuide and made it run , but USA TOPO is going back to the store . I already have enough things that do n't work !
 This software is garbage , it barely works even after being updated to the latest version available on their web site . Try zooming in or panning the map , or transfering to your GPS and 90 % of the time it will crash or tell you an error occured . I ca n't beleive a company with a name like Garmin 's would ship something so completely useless and overpriced . If you have a Garmin GPS and you want maps for your GPS you are stuck with Garmin 's software
 Their software is very bad . Difficult to use , expensive , full of errors and gives a lot of problems -LRB- a package costs over $ 100 and it does n't even work -RRB- .
 I call Garmin directly and asked them if I can find a product which helps me find new trails and I can install it on my notebook without using the CD . The told me I need to use TOPO USA ... I loaded the program , but it needed the CD , I found out in here how can I install so never ask for the CD . This is nasty ! The trail detail is that it will give you a point ! I hope at least the trail is crossing it ! I am used to the usual line to mark the way of the trail and not a point -LRB- Maybe its a vertical trail straight up ? -RRB- I hate the map , I still like the GPS.Don ' t buy this ! Its a waste of money !!!! Attila Csakberenyi
 I 've just spent the last two days trying to get this program and my new 60 Csx working and must agree with some of the negative comments here . The installation manual and user support are the minimum necessary if your computer , your GPS , and the software all work in harmony . Any glitches , and you will probably have glitches , you will find yourself in agreement with the negative posters here . You would think that with a this keystone product Garmin would write a manual that deals with it specifically ; instead what you get is a vague description of how things should work for all Garmin products . With nothing specific to this map set it is impossible to troubleshoot.Some posters here have been happy with the level of detail and have suggested that those who are dissatisfied are either unaware of how to use the product or unrealistic about what a 1:100000 map can provide . Perhaps the maps are better for regions I have n't looked at , but on the highest level of detail for Wisconsin I found the map inferior to what I could have drawn from memory . There are also many errors in an area that has n't changed much over the last thirty years . My suggestion
 I would just like to make a few comments about some of the reviews posted on this page concerning Mapsource 's Topo USA software.A number of reviewers have complained that this software is problematic or not accurate for cities or roads or neighborhoods . Well , while that may be the case , this product seems designed for the outdoors . It is intended to aid in navigating across wilderness areas -LRB- terrestrial and aquatic -RRB- , not necessarily through the streets of downtown LA or any other city however large or small . Mapsource happens to sell a Metroguide product that is intended to serve city/road-navigation needs.Yes , I will admit that the product description listed on this page talks about highways and roads and churches and other `` non-wilderness '' items and might be slightly misleading , but reviewing the entire product description I think you will see that the main emphasis is on wilderness travel.Using this Mapsource Topo product for a purpose for which it was not specifically designed and then complaining about its lackluster performance is not really fair or accurate . You would n't use a toothbrush to brush your hair -LRB- although some might ; I 'm not passing judgement here -RRB- and it seems just as incorrect to use this product for urban needs . So if you have a StreetPilot or use your Garmin GPS for road/city navigation , check out the MetroGuide software and see if it suits your needs a little better.Final point concerns the fact this product 's maps are on the 1:100,000 scale . Be sure you know what this level of detail -LRB- or lack of detail as this case may be -RRB- means . I do not know what the contour interval of this scale map is , but the 1:63,360 scale maps are 100 feet -LRB- I believe -RRB- . The 1:100,000 would have a larger contour interval and therefore , certain hills and ravines or valleys -LRB- depending on how big or small -RRB- might not show up on the map ; they might be `` hidden '' between the contour intervals . Other software packages offer better mapping capabilities and easier user interface , but the one big drawback is that the topo maps generated by those programs can not be downloaded into Garmin units ; only MapSource topo maps can be downloaded.I 'm certainly not saying this product is error or problem free . Far from it . But the reviews should be as fair and accurate as possible so that other potential buyers can make well-informed decisions .
 The Mapsource TOPO product in theory has plenty of detail for what you use it for . It has the equivalent of a 1:100,000 scale Topo map , showing major features , contour lines , trails , etc. . It also provides additional streets , highways and roads that do n't come on the Etrex Vista base map.However , there is a major problem with the viewability of the topographical map information on the screen of your Etrex . The Mapsource TOPO maps have some sort of background shading . Perhaps this is color detail -LRB- e.g. green means vegitation -RRB- . The problem is that on the screen it is just dark grey . With this dark gray background on your Etrex screen , you can barely , if at all , see any other map features , your route , waypoints or tracks.Therefore , loading the Mapsource TOPO map on the Etrex practically renders the Map screen on the Etrex useless in the back country . I found this out the hard way on a hike up in the mountains , when I really wanted to be able to make out what was on the map screen.In case you think I just do n't know how to adjust the screen contrast on my Etrex , I tried that , with some very minor improvement.Other than uploading maps to your Etrex unit , you can use Mapsource TOPO to create routes and waypoints when you plan your hikes and then use the software to upload the data to your Etrex . However , as an avid National Geographic TOPO user , I find these tools in Mapsource to be way less user friendly . If what you really want is software to help you plan trips , routes , etc. , you definitely need to buy National Geographic TOPO.In summary , if I had to do it all again , I would save the -LSB- money -RSB- and not buy the Mapsource Topo product ...
 Note
 I have used several Garmin units and maps with unabashed delight . After recently receiving my Etrex Vista and TOPO Mapsource map I set out into the mountains above Palm Desert . The Vista worked flawlessly but I soon discovered that the TOPO software presented a background gray that is almost identical to the track color , rendering the track almost invisible . In addition the intermediate elevation lines were very faint . Adjusting the contrast did not solve this problem . As soon as I unloaded the TOPO map , the track became clearly visible .
 Only get this mapset if you have a specific need for terrain information . I was a little disappointed about how painfully out of date the trail information is and this only leads me to believe that some of the terrain information is probably outdated too . Certainly , mountains do n't change often , but some trail land does . I got it for terrain information of Hawaii and it was adequate . In this instance , there was n't the option of using the National Park mapset . I ca n't say personally , but I would hope the National Park mapset is more up to date .
 The detail is pretty poor . I was expecting better since the Bluecharts and citi select is outstanding .
 I am very disappointed with this software . Where quadrangles have been spliced together , the roads , railroads , rivers , and contour lines do not meet across the join . Line signatures change at quadrangle borders . Also , the data are not up to date . In Hamden , the Canal Rail-trail is shown as an active railroad . Finally , there are very few identified streets . Overall , the product looks like a rough draft , rather than a finished product .
 This software has very limited value . I recently bought an Etrex Legend and love it -- mistakenly thought this would be a good addition to it -- it is n't . Some problems -LRB- 1 -RRB- A MAJOR road near me was renumbered several years ago -- the basemap in the Legend had the correct number . Mapsource has the old number -- leading me to wonder how current the data is . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Too little detail to be useful . For instance there is a bike trail that runs from Valley Forge Park all the way to the Art Museum in Philadelphia . I have ridden it a zillion times . For the life of me I can not find it on the map -- even on the PC screen . I guess I will need to go there , set a waypoint and then load that waypoint onto my PC to see which of the several thousand lines that are labeled `` road '' equates to the bike path . Everything in and near the park is labeled `` road '' -- the four lane roads , the park raods and the park paths -LRB- assuming they are showing up at all -RRB- . I have been told that the Natl Geo maps have the detail you need . You ca n't download the maps to the GPS , but at least the maps themselves are useful . -LRB- 3 -RRB- When you load a map to the Legend all other maps are erased . So -- if you have 6 megs of maps loaded and you want to load one more you have to highlight all the maps you want and load EVERYHING at once . It would be much easier to load maps in series .
 This topo set does n't have the necessary detail and I found myself buying printed maps at the local REI ... . The software is very simplistic and map detail very poor . Unfortunately you ca n't download any other National Geographic Topo or Maptech maps into the Garmin unit so you 're stuck with Mapsource . Bummer . I 'll stick with printed USGS maps .
 Garmin makes some sweet GPS units , but their software is still in the stone age and is a good candidate for extinction . This package is a fine example . The maps are images of lines , so you can not route your trip - it does n't know that a road is a road , or a trail is a trail . The basemaps are very old , too . I have been on major roads over 20 years old that are n't shown on this software , and it includes some roads that I personally know have been closed off for over 20 years . DeLorme 's `` Topo '' software , which covers the same area with about the same level of detail , is generally far superior , but you ca n't upload DeLorme maps to a Garmin . The Mapsource software only runs on Windows , and has a clumsy and unattractive user interface . Hint
 MapSource USA Topo has all the features needed to be a fine product . The maps I thought were of decent quality , and included some nicities I did n't necessarily expect , like more detailed roadways than the base map my Garmin GPS came with . It 's abilities to send data to and from the GPS , along with what could be done with that data , were sufficient and useful . All in all , a very useful product.However , despite it 's advantages , I encountered numerous problems during the installation and while trying to use it . For starters , the user manual is almost useless when it comes to installation . It was written in a somewhat vague and imcomplete way in an attempt to cover the installation steps for multiple different MapSource products . During initial install , it wanted to check for the GPS , but it could not find it , prompting me to select a serial COM port , despite that I was using a USB connection . However , once installed , it saw the GPS without any problems . It also did not appear to have any custom installation options . Only `` Typical Installation '' was available as an option during the install . The maps are stored on 3 separate disks that were not copied to the hard drive as I would have liked . When I switch between east or west US , I am forced to switch disks . I assume there is a way to fully install the maps to the hard drive , but I have yet to figure it out . I would have expected it to be part of a `` Custom Installation '' option that it did n't seem to have.Installed , If I attempt to use the Unlock Maps feature , it results in an error saying that it could n't start the UnlockWizard and suggesting a reinstall of the application . And the grand daddy of errors that you should never see in a product , selecting `` Check for Updates '' from the Help menu results in a fatal error.Finally , the product seperation and versioning is confusing . It is difficult to tell what parts of the software are from USA Topo versus what parts are from other installed MapSource pieces , as they all get blurred into one . This also makes the versions confusing , as looking at the version in the Help menu shows a different version than what is seen on the software packaging.All of these problems make me very wary of what would otherwise be a fine product . If they can refine it to where it is more user friendly and error free , I would recommend it . But until then , I would only cautiously recommend it to the computer savvy who are used to dealing with random errors and working around them .
 For hiking purposes these low detail topo maps are just barely OK . There 's so little detail it is n't easy to create waypoints on your GPS if your hiking trail is n't already represented on this CD , and believe me , the trail data on this CD is not remotely up-to-date or detailed . I honestly ca n't reccommend this product unless you need just very general representations of topography . Garmin offers higher-res topo maps but only for very selected areas in certain USA parks . One should always rely first on a godd printed hiking trail map , but sheesh , I was expecting more from these garmin maps .
 We bought this software for the purpose of locating hiking trails and downloading the info . into our eTrex Vista -LRB- the Vista , by the way is a great little unit , this TOPO software is NOT -RRB- . Anyway , the TOPO software did not contain a SINGLE hiking trail for many of the falls that we hike to in the Adirondacks . Thumbs way down for this product if you are a hiker .
 Extremly disappointing . The videos are small and of poor quality .
 Extremly disappointing . The videos are small and of poor quality .
 Background on my use of Garmin products
 After a few years of use with WorldMap I would have to agree with some of the other reviewers about the dubious accuracy . Errors I have found include place names not spelled correctly , locations shown a considerable distance from where they really are , and even wrong road numbers given -LRB- using the wrong country road numbering system ... well , duh -RRB- . In that last case , the folks who assembled the WorldMap -LRB- at least the version that I have -RRB- somehow concluded that when you travel from Argentina into Chile -LRB- where I live -RRB- , the Argentine national road number would remain the same in Chile . It does not take much experience to know that this is simply not the case . WorldMap does not really add much to a GPS load above the detail level of the base map ... some , yes . My two Garmin GPS units are pretty good as the hardware goes . As far as the WorldMap program , it 's a major disappointment and could get you into trouble .
 This adds very little detail over the Trip and Waypoint manager basemap . Added are some city names , topo lines , railroad tracks , small waterways , and obscure airports . I have not seen additional roadways and would not have purchased if I knew there would be no more road detail . Often in Latin America , the roads are incorrectly placed , making marked road tracking difficult . Standard Garmin Quality , which I have come to appreciate .
 There is very little detail of USA and Canada maps . International maps are worst , with minimal details . Really a useless map .
 With high hopes I bought this , and the world package , only to find it complex and incomplete . I will stick , now , with Google Maps .
 I would advise anyone who is out there not to buy this game . There are no commentator in this game . All the players look and act the same . The graphic are horrible and the sound is terrible . I recently purchased it for $ at a store not too far from where I live . I regret why I spend my -LSB- money -RSB- on something so worthless . When playing the game , there is no real thrill as you would find in games such as FIFA 99,00 , 01 . This is a game for anyone trying to put someone to sleep . Sure you have all the teams from around the world and all the names of the palyers on most the international squad , yet that does no mean that the quality of the gameplay is going to be good . When a goal is scored all the players pretty much do the same cheer as the person that scored the goal . Come on . Please save your money and buy quality Soccer games that you are going to enjoy . Believe me this game is not one .
 This game is horrible . The gameplay stinks . My advise do n't buy the game . I play soccer . I know what it feels like . It 's way to easy to score . if you wa n't a challenge , buy Fifa 2001 .
 Seeing how this product started out on the Mac and was shut out by Superior products like GoLive and Dreamweaver it 's only a matter of time before this goes away.Another thing this company does is sell it 's old versions concurrently on store shelves while a newer version is out . This was the case of owning version3 when 4 was out . Not even a discount rebate . We had ordered several for the office.NetObjects also bought out a free statistics program called iClicks and without notice decided to go from free service to 60 dollars a month.This company will betray you one day as they need every scrap dollar they can find . I 'm only writing this review to warn people who like to do business with reputable companies . Go with Adobe or Macromedia and forget these clowns .
 Amazon.com is calling this a `` catalog error . '' The product does not run as described . Save your money .
 This software could have been wonderful . My version came with about sixteen different decks to install , and the graphics were nice . However , this software is extremely buggy . EXTREMELY buggy . Whenever I 'd try to use any of the menu options , I 'd get an error message and the software would crash . A big waste of time , money , and effort . If you can get your hands on a copy of `` Expert Tarot , '' which is a third of the price , you 'll be a lot better off .
 ... the website is so much better , I thought they would be identical but they 're not even close . I was thoroughly disappointed with the generic translations and quality of the software , screen can not be minimized . But I was even more upset when I found out this software is included in the ultimate home Horoscope & Tarot software . After my tarot magic experience I 'm pretty anti-software as far as tarot readings go , but if you must have it , you may as well get it with a bunch of other stuff for free . I actually got my Horoscope & Tarot software at -LSB- a local store for a good price -RSB- , so I saved money and got more .
 SpamKiller 4 is much better . I promptly reinstalled it after trying 5.0 . SpamKiller 5 does n't run in the system tray and does n't notify you when your receive new email . The interface looks nicer but is slower and less functional . Recommend getting SpamKiller 4 while it 's still available . -LRB- Update
 very disappointed . buggy , slow and in the bottom 10 % of spam trapping . worse yet filters are not updated regularly.Mcaffee customer support is the worst .
 I ordered the CD and tried installing this software on two different machines running Windows 2000 . In both cases , the install process crashed and gave an undecipherable error message . I contacted the company and was e-mailed instructions on how to download the product . I downloaded it and was able to install it , but it crashes constantly . In sum , I would avoid this product .
 I ordered the CD and tried installing this software on two machines running Windows 2000 . I both cases , I got an undecipherable error message and the installation process crashed . I contacted the company and they e-mailed me instructions to download the product -LRB- they would not send me a new CD -RRB- . I downloaded it and was able to install it , but it crashes so often as to be unusable . In sum , I would avoid this product .
 If what you want is a Windows-like experience from Linux , then this distribution will only get you part of the way there.Good -LRB- Specific to Xandros -RRB- : - Easy installation-Desktop is much like Windows , and offers some nice extras-Comes with some applications which install with a button-pushBad -LRB- Specific to Xandros -RRB- : - Poor audio hardware support-Extremely poor technical support from XandrosGood -LRB- Shared by all Linuxes -RRB- : - Freedom from MicroSoft and Apple-Stable operating systemBad -LRB- Shared by all Linuxes -RRB- : - Application installation is still needlessly complicatedXandros may meet your needs if you 're already a Linux-type who wants to tinker with the innards of the system , but I would suggest trying something else if you need a Windows replacement for average users .
 If you are like me and find that a wireless network connection is imperative , then do n't bother with Xandros `` Pro '' . There 's a lot of software in here , but any `` Pro '' OS worth its salt should be able to offer fairly effortless wireless connectivity , imo.There might be some wireless network adapters which work with Xandros without mind-boggling installation/configuration steps , but mine was n't one of them . If you are a Linux expert and you have the time to figure out how to get it to work , or if you do n't ever plan to use wireless connections , then there are some other downsides to Xandros , but I 'm not going to go into those details . They seemed minor to me relative to the show-stopper . At around the same time as I bought this product -LRB- July 2008 -RRB- , I had also downloaded Mandriva Spring 2008 and Ubuntu Hardy Heron . These other two FREE distros had the working driver built into their kernels so that I had only minor tweaking to get my wireless network connection up and running . Thus , I could get this critical functionality for free from other distros.I checked out the Intel site for Linux drivers for my Intel wireless network adapter -LRB- intellinuxwireless.org -RRB- . There 's a ` driver ' , and ` readme ' file with instructions on the download page . However , I do n't know very much about Linux - and I do n't think I should have to know that level of detail about Linux . I could n't easily figure out what the instructions meant , and how to do each step . Expecting Linux newbies to figure this out is a fatal mistake by these Xandros manufacturers/distributors , at least for this version of the product . Possibly a newer release has fixed the problemEssential things like network connectivity should just work out-of-the-box . This was a waste of ~ $ 105 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- Linda
 This thing was peculiar 10 years ago when it first appeared , and today it is simply not even worth considerations . Get something nice like new Ubuntu , Fedora , Centos etc. . This thing is another failed attempt to create `` proprietary '' Linux distro . Who needs poor proprietary distro when Ubuntu , Fedora , madriva , OpenSuSE are available ! With mainstream Linuxes you get great support , plenty of compatibility , tuned software etc. . Free support forums on Ubuntu or Fedora answer questions almost immediately and there are many people who are ready to help .
 I purchased this as a replacement for 98se and it installed well , but that is about all I can say for it . Functionally works nice for the Internet most of the time although problems with the system make for troublesome anoyances like crashes - just like 98se . Yah , I know some of the reviews say this is a stable system but out of the box its not even close . Applications do n't always open and can crash without warning . If the screen saver activates sometimes the only way to get the system to work again is to re-boot . The there in the lack of hardware compatability . If your printer is ten years old and made by HP you have a chance it will work . If it is a current model and you want to print images you can just forget it since software for this distro is practiclly non-existant . Beyond basic text printing , I wish you luck.As for software ? It does comes with a decent office program as well as a suposably good imaging program but since I can not get a really good print I have not wasted my time exploring it . It also includes CrossOver which lets you run Windows programs . And while I got PS to work it is real clunky and slow.It come with two disks , one with the OS on it and one with additional software . The software disk would be nice if all the software would load . However when you go to install it Xandros hooks up to the web for assistance which is all well and good except about a third of the Apps did not install because of errors . I did not try to get assitance as this is supposed to be a PROFFESIONAL edition and I should not have to.So bottom line is that this is a pretty good copy of Windows 98se - crashes alot and makes you spend hours screwing with it to get it right -LRB- which it still is not -RRB- . If working on your computer is fun I say go for it . If having a system that works buy a MAC or Windows XP . At least then you can be reasonably sure you can do what you want even though both those systems cost much more.Just goes to show you really DO get what you pay for !
 I bought this product mainly for removing red eyes from my digital pictures , and it does not even work ! I tried and tried , and nothing happens when I try to correct my pictures , which are in the standard . jpg format . They stay exactly the same , and I had some pictures with very bright red eyes . When I do it with their sample images , though , it works , so I do n't know what 's wrong . Later I got two other red-eye removing softwares , which worked great . Other than that , this software has a good lighting correction tool when your pictures are too dark , too bright , etc. .
 This Web Art software is better suited for the beginner .
 There are no instructions on how to use this product.I sent two e-mails to the company asking if a tutorial was available but received no reply.consequently , the CD is a waste of money .
 After installing this peace of software It quickly forgets its own password . Which is not a problem You just need to uninstall it which of course you need the password for . The number the tech manual gives you is a recording that directs you back to McAfee 's web site which of course you need the password to access the internet . I had one lady over the phone offer to e-mail me my solution which of course you need your password to get your e-mail . I spent -LRB- I kidd you not TWO AND HALF HOURS ! -LSB- count them TWO AND HALF HOURS ! -RSB- on the phone with EIGHT different phone numbers ! -RRB- Which are not toll free six of those numbers where recordings directing you back to the web site or other numbers you already have . I had one lady who was more then kind to direct me to any one of those numbers I already had and had called . The other was willing to send the e-mail Please Please avoid this nightmareDo Not BuyDo Not PurchaseDo Not UseAnd DefinitelyDo Not Install To Any computer !
 Do not waste your money on this version or any other packaged version that includes CDs with it . If you have a computer , access to the Internet and can type , you need not spend your money buying this product . The only thing worthwhile in this is the basic Family Tree Maker software . Everything else that is in this package , and more , can be found on ancestry.com !!
 I do n't know who wrote it originally , but I concur
 I did not find this product useful ! So far , I have not found ANY new links or tree members as a result of this software -LRB- and I only have about a dozen at this writing -RRB- . The software is slow and the search engines are poorly written -LRB- if you have a tree with only one member , and search for a surname beginning with ` T ' , the s/w wants to start with the ` A ' index -RRB- . You can not search a CD unless the s/w finds an index reference to that particular CD . The instruction manual is ** really ** bad - and lacks directions to ` advanced ' features .
 Bought this software believing it would allow me to trace my family , and got a bunch of records that are of no relevance to anyone who does n't hail from America . The template you can use is the only thing of use but is not worth the money the product costs . I would suggest you avoid this product unless you are only interested in American research .
 I bought McAfee Internet Security 7.0 to upgrade from version 6.0 . The one year subscription on 6.0 had expired and was nagging me every few minutes to upgrade
 Make sure you uninstall your previous version of Mcafee if you have one . I had problems getting this thing to work so much so that I had to email Dell to tell me how to uninstall the complete Dell Mcafee Security suite previously installed . I had to uninstall and reinstall this new one twice because the virus scan would n't work and I kept getting an error message stating that some of the features of the security center had been unistalled or not installed properly.Now I 'm still having problems accessing Internet explorer . I ca n't get into my ISP email or into email for my college classes without getting an error message and gettig kicked out.This could be a memory problem as this security suite does take up a lot of disk space but what do I know I 'm only a `` web design '' major . I do n't know if it 's neccessary to have some of the features like privacy and the spy software because you can download free spyware software that works just as good if not better.Does anyone out there have any solutions as to why Internet explorer is clashing with this security suite ? Your advise would be greatly appreciated .
 I ca n't review this product on its technical merits for the simple reason that I was never able to get it to work ! Over the past two weeks , at the direction of McAfee 's online tech 's , I have gone through multiple install-remove-reinstall cycles -LRB- Including several that required line-by-line manual editing of my system 's registry key . -RRB- , all to no avail . To make matters worse , when nothing worked McAfee 's Tech 's told that my only alternative was to seek help via McAfee 's 800-number at a cost of $ 2.39 per minute or $ 39.00 per incident.Many of the installation problems I encounetered during my ordeal were the result of conflicts with common Microsoft programs such as Internet Explorer , Outlook and Outlook Express , to name a few . While most of these conflicts were eventually resolved , the procedures necessary were laborious and required lengthy sessions on McAfee 's internet chat help line.The one conflict that was never resolved , however , was the way Internet Security 6.0 handled Microsoft XP 's multiple user accounts . On my computer each member of my family had their own accounts . I was the the administrator , and as such had the sole right to make setting changes . Even though McAfee theoretically had similar account provisions , changes made by the system administrator did not result in global changes . Consquently , users without administrative rights could n't perform simple tasks such as accessing the internet without entering the administrator 's password or having the administrator do it for them.In the end I gave up trying to resolve all of the above referenced installation problems and had to reinstall the rudimentary software provided by my ISP . As a result this may be the last McAfee product I ever buy .
 Watch out for trouble with MacDrive . I bought and installed MacDrive . It connected me great to an external USB hard drive that I shared with some Macs in the household.But MacDrive cost me at least 40 hours of headaches and wasted time . MacDrive automatically defaults all your drives to Mac preferred drive . If you try to install software on your PC with a dual format Apple/PC disk , like TurboTax , your computer goes dumb . It tries to read the Mac portion of the disk and does n't know what to do . It ca n't find the Windows commands.Using Explorer or any other PC tools to find setup.exe or autorun fails , until you put the disk on a machine without MacDrive . Then it works fine.This occasional incompatibility really causes headaches because you 're unlikely to link it to the MacDrive software you installed 3 months ago . You 'll go through lots of ` fixes ' but never find the problem.I called TurboTax support and went through a whole host of installer and autorun registry debugging and still could n't get the TurboTax disk to install . When I had the problem with a Canon scanner installation months later , same story . Hours of debugging and on the phone with the Canon tech support.I only found the problem by rebuilding my whole system and trying the trouble disk after each installed piece of software . The culprit was MacDrive.It would be OK if MacDrive told you they were messing up your computer , or if they warned you you might have install failures later , or if they asked you do you want your PC to default to Mac . But they do n't . It 's lame.To get around the problem here 's the fix if you have MacDrive installed : # Open `` My Computer '' # Right-click on the CD/DVD drive containing the dual-format disc # Choose `` MacDrive - > Show Windows files '' # You can also globally set MacDrive to view the Windows files on adual-format disc by going to Start > Control Panel , selecting MacDrive , selecting the `` Settings '' tab and checking `` View Windows files '' -LRB- under `` Dual-format CDs/DVDs -RRB- .
 The manufacturer is apparently out of business . There is no support available . Also , does n't work with Lion at all . If you do n't know how to write scripts , it is impossible to set up .
 So I 've been tinkering with this for a few hours now , and I have to say I was disappointed by how much of the cool functionality appears to be dependent on the user 's knowledge of AppleScript . I 'm a fairly technical person , but I do n't have a lot of confidence when it comes to tweaking or merging applescripts . This is way over my head , and I 've been using a Mac since 1984 .
 I downloaded the software to see how set up was and found that , while it is powerful software , it is a nightmare to set up . I do n't want to learn programming -LRB- applescript -RRB- in order to have a business phone system . I want to buy a car , not a kit car with assembly -LRB- and some fabrication ! -RRB- required ! If you want to make a career out of setting up a voicemail system this software/hardware this appears to be the product for you ! I have ordered a competing product , Phonevalet , and plan to write a review on that product . -LRB- they do not offer a download to take a look at the software but they do offer a 30 day moneyback guarantee -RRB- I hope this helps you .
 After the company dropped support for the product , they re-introduced it as a free licensed download . I ca n't post the link because that 's against Amazon 's commenting policies , but if you Google for Ovolabs Phlink download , the page with the download should be near the top of the result list .
 This product is useless . There are problems with the software that prevent it from working with a MacPro and possibly other machines . The product answers calls for a few hours or days and then locks up and stops working . At times it even grabs your phone line and keeps it busy for hours . The company maintains no staff of technical support people to help . It took me three weeks to get an acknowledgment of the problem from the company and then for 3 more weeks no one has gotten back to me after repeated attempts . I still have not gotten a refund and the product is completely useless . AVOID !
 All this product really does straight out of the box is answer calls , take messages and emails them somewhere . everything else is done by using scripts and you putting together files and folders in a very specific way to the program to understand what you want it to do . now , if you are a apple script programmer this gizmo might be very powerful as you can make it to almost anything , but if you just expect it to come with a nice interface to do this , look elsewhere -LRB- phonevalet -RRB- . i tried the included voice mailbox setup program several times and could not get it to jump to the appropriae mailbox , nor would it recognize the pin code and jump to the main menu . this is such basic functionality that the fact i could not get this to work in half a day -LRB- and i am a it guy -RRB- made me return it .
 First the good news
 I 've been trying to use Portfolio 7 for three months now to catalogue 3000 photos and create an online catalog . This product was recommended as the best application for what I wanted to do . I 've used computers on a professional level for 12 years-I 'm no greenhorn.Portfolio 7 has been a continuous nightmare.The manual is inadequate and incomplete . Tech Support was at first a 40 minute long distance hold and then friendly-but unhelpful-tech support . Then they would n't answer the phone at all . With e-mail support you 'll get a get message acknowledging your query and then - nothing - Any useful tech support I received was from third parties.Little and undocumented things like not clicking an obscure box buried deep in the menus would tie up my computer for hours busily creating catalogues that did n't exist or immediately crashed . Nothing about this was in the manual.I worked with an experienced Network Engineer and even he could n't over come the endless pitfalls . Hours and hours wasted.One problem , I installed version 7.0.4 from the Extensis site purchased the CD from which we installed the server parts v7 .0.0 . They were completely incompatible . The read me documentation on the CD says that the CD contains version 1.2 . ???? And of course no where is there any indication that a minor version difference is a serious incompatibility problem.At best this is beta software masquerading as usable . Its not . I 'm stuck with it-I hope you wo n't be .
 I ordered this product for my grandson , a budding astronomer . His parents tried to get this cd to work in the advertised way.They finally found out that this particular product is out of date , doesnt work , and to upgrade to a workable product costs almost $ 80.00 !! We returned the product to the seller and I ; m getting my grandson the program from Starry Night directly .
 I ordered this to use for work and as instructed spent time training the software to recognize my writing . When I tested on some randome notes I took while reading a book , it managed about 75 % accuracy . Not great but someting I could live with . At my first meeting , I took six pages of notes , some with charts and graphs , none of these complicated . When I plugged it in at home I found two pages were completely missing and the charts were unreadable . For instance a triangle with printed text on each corner came back as a long word with a number 11 in the middle . Took me a minute to realize the 11 represented the sides of the triangle , not good considering the triangle took up 5 lines on the paper.The pen works as advertised . The software to turn it into editable text works as long as you do n't mind really heavy editing . I decided taking notes on a laptop was much easier and returned the pen , pad , and software for a full refund . At least that was easy . Thank you Amazon !
 This product is useless and produces nothing but a page full of errors that you have to go back and correct .
 I was very disappointed as this software ONLY works with Digimemo , and no other graphic tablets . I have a Cyberpad and I spent much time trying to get it to work -- it did n't . Also , help from the maker , Vision Objects , is non-existent .
 Being in the software business I have to rate this product very low . Instructions are poor at best . Training is a disaster.For training - the software does not start you out by going thru training exercise . You have to hunt thru the drop down menus to find it . Training instructions start with some suggested samples - later you find out that these are not samples but what you are actually supposed to input to train the software . Punctuation is included - all punctuation.I have yet to achieve enough samples to get the rating required to get it to recognize my hand printing . Actually the OCR did pretty good w/o training and I am using it in that fashion until I get a better OCR package.The included extras are worthless . The design-it-lite that is supposed to work requires a key that needs to be purchased . What 's the point ?
 I was looking for software that I could install to ` read ' scanned documents ... something like OCR software . This one came up in my search , but did n't say in the information that it was ONLY if you had the DigiMemo hardware , so I purchased it . I had to open the packaging to get to the instructions , so now I spent money that was a waste because I ca n't send it back since it wo n't do what I expected .
 For my cursive handwriting , recognition out of the box was about 40 % . I could NOT train it -LRB- after the exhausting training session -RRB- so that it would accept my handwriting ... you must get 80 % , and I could only get 75 % so had to start over multiple times.I find it useless .
 I purchased the Digital notebook and the DigiMemo software for a birthday present for someone and because they did not care for the product I tried to return it through Amazon 's return process .1 . I can not get a full refund on the notebook2 . The SolidTek company has yet to even contract me on a refund process for the software!I am extrememly upset with Amazon for allowing this vendor on their site and the vendor DigiTech for not even responding to my request for return of their product.DigiMemo Handwriting Recognition SoftwareSolidTek DM-L2 DigiMemo L2 8-1/2 - by-11-Inch Digital NotepadDebra ConatserLongtime customer 1st time negative complaint .
 There is nothing more boring ... than reading TEXT on a CDrom , and this junk proves it ~ ! Try Jason Gibson 's `` math '' products -LRB- sold here -RRB- ... if you are looking for `` audio '' reenforcement on math subjects!You have been warned ...
 I am a dedicated flight sim fanatic and have nearly all of them - even a few turkeys . I feel strongly about supporting the software companies making them because they are starting to drop like flies . Still , this program was an insult to flight sims . I think 90 % of the budget went into producing the deck scenery - which admittedly is cool , but after that almost everything about this sim is below par . The graphics and flight model are reminiscent of sims I played 10 years ago , yet my PIII still had difficulty producing adequate FPS to get any sensation of flight . Landing on the deck was like a fly hitting fly paper - bazaar ! Even a patch wo n't help this one . Sorry DID . You had a loyal following but this killed it .
 I purchased this product over eBay , based on the relative quality of Mavis Beacon version 15 , which I had been using for some time from my library.Version 15 , while decent , had a few deficiencies , such as a tendency to recycle the same lessons and text excerpts over and over once you reach the advanced level.I was interested in getting the deluxe edition , as it apparently contains extra lessons and paragraphs to type from , but , sadly , if it does , I have yet to see them . Many of the lessons in the advanced level are the same as those of version 15 , and the product as a whole looks extremely amateurish.I ca n't even begin to describe how inferior this new version is . The typing engine , whatever they have done to `` improve '' it , is now no longer even able to keep up with me as I type , often lagging behind to the point where I am typing text several lines ahead of it and it is still highlighting in blue or red the letters that I typed right or wrong . To compound this , the WPM meter is also inaccurate , often decreasing or keeping the speed at the same level while it is catching up with a backlog of text . The games suffer similarly , and the graphics of the whole thing look horrid , the color scheme of the lesson area is terrible , and the fonts and layout for when you are actually typing look horrible compared to those of version 15 . I suppose that all these problems , could , somehow , be related to my computer , but version 15 has worked perfectly on it and I am not aware that there are any extra , special demands that version 16 needs of my system.I am extremely disappointed at the two steps back this software has taken , and for those who are looking for typing software , I am afraid that I can only suggest they take a look at version 15 which is , despite its occasional inadequacies , a much more polished and solid product .
 I bought this off of a person who said they bought it here and the CD-Rom wo n't even work . What 's the use in having this CD-Rom if the games wo n't play ?! I 've heard rumor that the servers where the games are played thru are no longer in existence and that 's why the games played via email wo n't work . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 Folks , this program should really be called Cake Trudge ... because that what it feels like when you are trying to use it ... Bottom line ... this program is a BIG disappointment . Of course it is priced at $ or less in the stores , so you could say that you get what you pay for . -LRB- although the retail price on the cakewalk site is ridiculous - $ ! -RRB- It is laiden with errors , and for some reason , takes forever to launch on my machine -LRB- I have a 350mhz PII -RRB- It also crashes frequently . The program has some very nice features , but there are so many annoyances that come with them that it almost makes it not worth it . For example , when you change the tempo on Drag and Drop drummer , the sound becomes distorted and the drum clip is off beat . Also there is absolutely no support for Slow Blast , as well as Drag and Drop drummer . It took me forever to get Slow Blast working . By the way , these two utilities are made by companies other than Cakewalk . They are the striped down version of the actual program that they sell . Sounds like they are trying to hook you into buying more stuff . They took great care in writing the tutorials , but there some gaping holes as far as trouble shooting and FAQ 's . None of them answered my problems . You also really have to fight with it to get it to work . It looks easy to use , but looks are deceiving - which I found out is the case with most Cakewalk products ... Tech support from Cakewalk is TERRIBLE ! I ca n't emphasize this enough . My e-mails were never returned and the phone was always busy . There is nothing on the website that answers any questions you may have about Guitar Tracks , and the ftp `` Patch site '' has been down every time I tried to log on ... So either save your money , or wait until V2 .0 comes out ... because you ca n't have your cake and eat it too with this program ... that 's for sure .
 WARNING - This product does not work under Mac OS 10.2 . ... I installed it on my computer and received an entire load of problems , many of which are covered in the above link , but also experienced a complete system hang up -LRB- unheard of in OS X -RRB- as well as the inability to reboot my Powerbook.Basically , the product will not work on auto , and needs to be started with every boot up -LRB- after igonring the 5 error messages you get each time you try to run it -RRB- . Amazon and all other vendors of this product need to be sure that they mention this in their descriptions . I only hope I did no permanent damage to my system as a result of this attempted installation . BTW , there is NOTHING in the enclosed documentation to indicate what will happen if this product is installed.I have performed an unistall , and this product is going right back to Amazon . .
 I installed this product a month ago . I 'm still trying to find out how to change the system password settings . I 'm locked out of my own security program ! Tech support is impossible and the directions are n't clear .
 I will start by saying that I am a seller on Ebay and I have over 1,000 positives with only 2 negative ratings . I did n't get here by having poor attention to detail . However , I am 0-3 on getting the rebates from Symantec for upgrading this and other products . They send you back a notice specifying all the mistakes you made when submitting the proof of purchase . This means I also no longer have the proof that I bought it for the next upgrade .
 If you are thinking about buying norton software simply because they are free after rebates , then reconsider it . Although it 's well known Symantec makes reliable softwares , When we talk about their rebates , they are liars . Yes , liars Cthey really deserve this . Based on my personal experience , I even think theirs are worse than the notorious I/O Magic 's -LRB- aka , Hi-Val , Digital research -RRB- . I bought several Norton softwares during last December , and submitted the upgrade rebates right away with required items , Guess what , until today I got only one of them , and it has been almost 6 months . I guess they are testing my memory but unfortunately I kept a good record of every rebate I submitted . That 's what we should do if we are going to buy Symantec softwares with rebates involved , although the best thing I would recommend is to avoid as long as you can .
 This software is not worth it.First , it requires that you register the software , including e-mail and street address . You can not proceed until its been registered . It will give a `` Stop Command Encountered '' error message and close . Furthermore , if you do n't use the product for more than 30 days , you have to re-register it . If you tell it to print the letter and there 's no printer attached to your machine , it closes.Second , its a lie - you can not select a region , only a state . I live in Northern VA , close to DC . The selections are for VA or DC . That 's it.Next , it presents you with a list of birds in your state . If you want to find a bird , youo have to use the `` wizard '' . This feature starts out OK , -LRB- its why I bought the software in the first place -RRB- asking about various identifiers such as coloring -LRB- choose as many as you need -RRB- habitat , etc. . But once you 've input all the information , the only option is to save the `` list '' for a `` quiz '' later . There 's no explanation of why you would want to do this , or how this allows you to to narrow down your search.The `` Help '' just plain does n't . It carefully explains that you can save your `` list '' for use in a `` Quiz '' later . Very frustrating.I tried to use this to ID a hawk I spied in my back yard . Ditto for a little gray bird that was very aggresive , and a couple of other smaller birds . I gave this software a number of chances . In each case , I went back to my good friend , Peterson 's Field Guide.If you 're looking for a good , interactive , educational , and easy to use program to enhance your enjoyment of your backyard feeder , keep going . This is n't it .
 I bought this despite mediocre reviews , because I use ACT ! and QuickBooks so much that almost any integration would be better than none . But the reviews are justified -- this is really a half-assed effort by the ACT ! makers , probably the work of a single programmer in a week , grossly overpriced , compared to the value one can get from other ACT addons at lower cost -LRB- e.g. Address Grabber or Street Wizard -RRB- . This product adds a QuickBooks tab to ACT ! that allows you to access QuickBooks data like payment and invoice history . But this is non-customizable , so most people will only get part of what they 'd like . You can also create new vendor or customer records in ACT or QB from data in either application . But the synch feature simply does not work , at least on my PC . I can link existing ACT and QB records , but attempts to update the QB record with new ACT info -LRB- address , phone number -RRB- does not work . Best Software is shameless in charging so much for this trivial link -LRB- $ 99 -RRB- .
 This was n't very good , limited plant selection , sizing difficulty , very limited application .
 This is the best computer game in our house ... and the most played ! My 4 year old playes it over and over . She loves the characters , the music , and hunting for the clues . She does n't get bored with it because it changes every time she playes it , and it really makes her think . This game was definitely worth the money !
 My 3 yr old grand sone likes it but I have to set up the video resolution before it will work . All of these games seem to be written by different people and none are very professional .
 When I first played this game I thought it was terrific - amazing graphics -LRB- apart from the characters , who look very blocky close-up -RRB- , stunning visuals and fast movement . It truly looked as though Sonic had entered the 32-bit world.But after you 've got over the graphics you realise somebody forgot to put a game into it . The controls are just rubbish - it takes forever just to change direction , so that later levels which twist and turn are rendered impossible even after ages of practice . There are far too few tracks , so things become repetative , and it soon becomes very boring.To sum up , if all you want from a game is pretty graphics and the pure presence of Sonic the Hedgehog then this is a must-buy . If , on the other hand , you 're looking for something with any kind of gameplay , depth or long-term appeal then look elsewhere . Personally I did n't relish watching the other races speeding away into the distance with computer-aided perfection for the millionth time .
 Maybe a good game I do n't know . Can not get to work . And there is not return .
 I got this game 2 years ago for PC , being a fan of all the genesis games , and it was nice to see a departure from the horrible isometric perspective of Sonic 3D Blast . But once you 've been playing it for a while things start popping up that are almost impossible to ignore , which sends the game to an early death :1 . Poor graphics . All the characters look like they 're from Crash Bandicoot 1 ! cubed hands , MASSIVE pixels , each stage ` appearing ' on the horizon ... 2 . Skidding and controls . In a race against the computer once you run into a corner that 's IT . In order to turn around you have to turn a whole 360 degrees in what seems like slo-motion . Also , especially during the rain and snow , skidding becomes sure a pain and the only way to overcome it -LRB- unless you 're Amy or Robotnic -RRB- is to double-jump , fly or glide ! 3 . Music . THE LYRICS ARE KILLING ME !! ` Livin in the city , ya know , ya got to survive ... ya got to keep that dream alive , where ev-rything is dream , and fan-ta-seee !! ' Had to turn the sound off sometimes4.Egg-robo . Why would ANYONE want to use him as a character ? 5 . Length . Far too easy . And once you get supersonic the only way to keep him for future games is to save once you have 6 emeralds and then collect the seventh one each time :P Able to clock in hours .6 . Only five tracks ! 7 . Bugs galore . Whether it be gaps in the scenery or on the track -LRB- there 's one loop where , if you press against the side while in a roll , you fly out of the stage and exit the game boundary -RRB- or sticky keys.Balloon race
 We ordered this specifically because it said Mac compatible . Nope , would n't open at all . What a waste of $ . And my college aged kids were loading it so it is n't a matter if not being tech savvy
 As a child I loved this game . after hours of searching on line for a place where i could buy or download this game for mac i found amazon had this game under the platform for mac and pc . after it arrived at my house and set up on my computer it tells me that this game is not compatible with the mac operating system . i highly recommend this game but not if you have a mac .
 The description of the game on Amazon states that it is for both PC and Mac , however , the CD is for Windows only . If I could have rated this zero stars , I would have .
 This product is labeled for ages 9 - 12 years old , but is very juvenile . It would appeal to children in kindergarten , but definitely not ages 9 - 12 . There were also some glitches in the product that made it lock up .
 It sounds like this software `` can '' be great , but keep your operating system in mind . The software is claimed to `` work with Windows Vista '' . This is clearly false advertising , as the software can work with SOME VERSIONS of Vista -LRB- 32 bit -RRB- , but not on the Vista that comes pre-loaded on most new computers -LRB- 64 bit -RRB- . So I would recommend avoiding this software if you are running Windows Vista 64 bit .
 This software would not install on to my computer . The manufacturer would not even respond to an email that asked for help to resolve the problem . I 've tossed the CD in the back of my closet , because I 'll have to consider it a learning experience since I ca n't return software . If Amazon does n't provide better screening of the products they sell , they will be tossed aside as well !
 I should have paid more attention to the negative reviews ... . This product would not load on my computer . When I went to the Avanquest USA support section - I kept getting the message that the Internet Explorer could not connect to that site -LRB- not a good sign -RRB- . To speak to a human being cost $ 24.95 for the first 10 minutes -LRB- $ 2.95 each additional minutes -RRB- . I will NOT be calling them ... . I have wasted enough money on this piece of garbage .
 It was not clear when I purchased this product that you could not use a scanned image of your own home to make modifications . Of course , you can send the company a picture of your home and they will `` mask '' the image to allow use with the program ... for $ 100 ! Not only that , but the homes you could select from were very limited in style , not to mention most of the homes were so deeply shadowed you could n't make out the different paint colors or siding selections well enough.I would not recommend this product to anyone . You could get the same service for free at any local Sherwin-Williams store !
 I bought one for myself and one for my granddaughters . The disk will not work in either of our computers . We had this for our kids 15 years ago and loved it . Widh it would have worked !
 My 3 yr old grand sone likes it but I have to set up the video resolution before it will work . All of these games seem to be written by different people and none are very professional .
 I really liked the idea of this product , and they have some good templates , but after putting hours into designing the book and writing up captions , I printed it and the pictures looked HORRIBLE . The software resizes the images automatically to fit the layout , but for some reason leaves the pictures pixelated and fuzzy . I took the pictures with a 6MP camera , and they look great when viewed on the computer or printed with other software , but when this software resized them they came out terrible . And there 's really no way around it , except to try to guess the proper resolution for each photo and crop and resize yourself before inserting the photos , but that would take several more hours.This product wasted hours of my time and left me very disappointed .
 This kit is neat ; I have to admit that . It comes with all the materials needed to make a nice little coffee table book . However , the kit itself is a little pricey considering that A -RRB- there 's only 10 pages , B -RRB- the pages are only 5 x 7 , and C -RRB- the pages are not double-sided . The software included , although as simple and easy-to-use as can be , is so limiting , it does n't actually feel like you have made this book yourself . Instead , it 's as though you 're in preschool , bringing in the pictures and having Teacher put it together for you . You can arrange different page setups for different themes as you please , but there is seldom the precise one that you really want . It does n't help that half of the themes have these cutesy `` scrap book '' elements that look absolutely ridiculous.However , the book itself is pretty slick once you make many , many comprimises . The only reason I gave this two stars is for the materials included .
 This program seemed to start out fine , but consistently froze up and caused my computers -LRB- all three of them-I tried each ! -RRB- to shut the program down . This program looks as though it would be really fun if I could get it to run!If anyone knows how to solve the Windows QuickTime 32 Error that shuts the program down please let me know . I tried to contact the makers of the program , but they seem to have fallen off the face of the earth-emails returned undeliverable , website no longer up and running , etc.Quite disappointed so far !
 I have a Epson C82 printer . So far I spent 5 hours trying to get the program to print correctly . Tech support slight help , but still not able to print . Good Luck if you try it . Bob
 I love the idea of this product , and I loved working with it . I created a great layout that looked fabulous on screen . But unless you have an Epson printer , it is very difficult to print out a great copy . My hp deskjet could not handle the supplied photo paper , so a friend printed on his Lexmark for me . It worked better , but still had a few problems . More paper should be included in the package in case of printing problems because after several printing problems , we ran out of paper and I could not find the same photo paper in any store ; I ended up buying a second package just to get more of the same paper.Next time , I will make a book using the ofoto site -- much more professional looking -LRB- 2-sided -RRB- and just as cheap .
 I purchased Professor Franklin 's Photo Print Gold after weeding through the many different photo print progams . I was looking for something easy to use and would allow me to edit my pictures with photo effects . It stated on the box a ` ten minute guarantee ' if I was not printing my favorite pictures with ease . Well , 2 hours later I was still trying to retrieve my pictures and print them . I was thrown off the program 5 times for illegal operations . My husband and I had a hard time understanding their ` easy ' directions , which were incomplete and confusing . I finally gave up after my computer froze -LRB- this is a new computer -RRB- . I do not recommend this software . Even their money back guarantee is vague because it only states it on the outer box - it is difficult to find in the booklet enclosed .
 I want to warn you about GoLive -- it is the most frustrating , least reliable , most crash-prone app I have used since switching to OS X. GoLive CS2 crashes regularly for me several times a day , and has even managed to crash WHILE SAVING A VERY IMPORTANT FILE , which wiped out an entire day 's work for me , causing me to redo it all . Bottom line , Adobe does not deserve your money for this application , which they clearly dislike within the company -LRB- when you make a bug report , it 's interesting to note that it 's called GoLive , not Adobe GoLive -RRB- . Sadly , the only thing to do is go to Dreamweaver ... but that 's not an option for me since its interface is not something I 'm willing to use.My distaste for Adobe is so great because of their crap with CS2 -- from the activation problems to not recognizing an upgrade of Photoshop -LRB- stand alone -RRB- when coming from the full suite set -- that I would willingly jump ship to just about any other product -- but opps ! There are almost no other products anymore , since no company can stand against Photoshop , Illustrator , and so on -LRB- not even Macromedia -RRB- . Bottom line , the actions of Adobe with CS2 -LRB- principally GoLive , since I rely on it so much -RRB- have robbed me of much of the joy that is my right as a Mac user .
 I initially had a great time with GoLive . Having never used an industrial strength web dev environment , I was a little intimidated . Without going through the training or documentation , I was able to figure out everything , with a little help from Google.Then , the crashes started . Crashes when I close files . Crashes when I open files . Crashes when I do _ anything _ . A GLCS2 reinstall fixed it , but not for long.I would have given it 4-5 stars otherwise , because when it works , it works great . As it stands , I more `` suffer through it '' than I actually `` use it '' .
 I want to like this program . I 've been very patient with it through many versions and upgrades , but this latest version is so full of bugs and quirks that I would n't recommend it to anyone ! In theory GoLIve is great . But , like an enabler in a bad relationship , I 've learned workarounds , and weird working habits just to keep the program from crashing . I 'm actually pretty patient and methodical -- I shudder to imagine what using this program would be like for a novice user . Do n't waste your money -- this is total junk !
 GoLive CS2 gets ZERO stars . Having worked with GoLive since 2003 on Macintosh , in February 2007 I upgraded to CS2 -- piece of crapola -- big mistake . `` 1 star '' is one too many!GoLive used to be a nice program . Whether you are an old user or thinking of getting it anew , do n't . I regret upgrading to GoLive CS2 -- and Adobe wo n't make it right granting suckers like me a $ 200 upgrade to Dreamweaver -LRB- vs. $ 400 -RRB- . Adobe offers GoLive 9 via their website , but do n't fall for it . Adobe is phasing out GoLive . Shame on Adobe ! If I had any choice , I 'd dump Adobe in a second , but Dreamweaver is the only game in town for Macintosh . Adobe , because you 've abandoned your GoLive users
 I am extremely disappointed with Personal Record Keeper 5 . This item was purchased because we are military and constantly moving . It is imperative that we have good records of our household items due to the occasional loss of entire housholds during a government move.While there were indeed many categories to list household items , there was no place to scan a photo or document . There is a box to tell me that there IS a photo of an item , but I assume that I am to store it in a shoebox . There is also a section to list military records and awards . It 's a very nice thought but I do n't think the Army will take a printout as proof if something should happen to the documents . Address books normally come with the software already on your computer . Pet records request that you list your pet 's `` personality '' , but there 's no place to list shot records . The family member record format is better left to geneology programs . After about the hundredth time I was asked to input the location of a document , I wearied of typing `` in the filing cabinet where it oughta be ! `` This software is only for the organizationally dysfunctional stackers or junk drawer filers . If you have even somewhat tidy filing drawers , this program is completely unnecessary . The money is better spent on some new file folders .
 I should have believed what Susan had to say about this product . It is a waste of money . Hard to navigate and not even an address / contact book . You have to go through file after file and folder after folder to get what you want . Very dis-satified and I welcome contact from the Company to discuss .
 I was disappointed with this program that did not allow me to paste a picture of my item or scan a document into the inventory . Instead , I could only check off that a picture was taken and had to describe where it was stored . I 'm sure if I move my documents that I won ' t edit all the records with their new location . Might as well just write everything on a piece of paper .
 Nolo no longer makes or supports Personal Record Keeper 5 . I used to use it , but was horrified when it stopped working and I could not get support.I lost all of the information and household inventory I had input.I created an entire company , Habitudes LLC , based on the need for personal and household record keeping software.Habitudes ' household record keeper is called `` Matters of Fact '' , and you can preview it at -LSB- ... -RSB- . It 's webware , so the application and data is password protected and stored `` in the cloud '' where you can share it with another family member if you wish . You can retrieve your records from home , the office , while traveling , from a PC , MAC or mobile device ... anywhere there 's internet access.You do n't need software to create a household inventory . It 's easier just to create a spreadsheet or word document and keep your receipts in an accordion file .
 Real Jukebox has a good look and some good functionality , but it has more than it 's share of problems . As the other reviewer mentioned , it takes up a HUGE amount of memory . That means it is VERY unstable and crashes ALL THE TIME . It has a cool feature where it will get the album title and track info from the CD online database . But this feature is flawed and does not refresh properly . The visualization feature is very bad compared to the incredibly cool visualizations you can get with Winamp . The free version of Real Jukebox is SUPERIOR to the full version . It runs faster and has fewer problems . And I must disagree with the other reviewer . The tech support is terrible . As a matter of fact , Real , Inc. does not even provide it 's own support , choosing rather to farm it out to a company called Talisma Corporation . Their idea of support is to email pages from the website . They do n't read your emails or try to solve your problems . And , really , how could they . THEY did n't make the product . Long story short , DO N'T BUY REALJUKEBOX . If you want to try it , download the free version . If you want a better player , download WINAMP .
 Yes you too can go out and pay thirty dollars for a piece of software that is dwarfed by competing software , and is available for free on the website of the company . So what does it do ? You can record media from off of CDs , and organize MP3s and Real Audio files on your computer . So nothing really special . However , the software also comes with lots of sample songs to add to your music collection . Eh , thats all I can say , get the free version , if you like it pay thirty bucks for it then .
 What manual ? I ordered this for my husband , a huge Civil War buff , and thought he would love it . Unfortunately , there were no instructions . He ca n't figure out how to even play the game . We were very disappointed . I would not recommend this game to anyone .
 this game is very dumb . I would want to get sid mieir 's gettysburg . the game does n't even show the guys move , it shows little guys just standing there .
 A prominent southwestern U.S. university gave this software `` free '' to its graduating student teachers if they would only preview it and comment on it to its developers -- Ablesoft . I used it successfully for seven years , then it stopped working on my computer . I tried everything
 This is a review of ProVenture Label Maker v4 .0 , which may be the product that some Marketplace sellers are sellinghere , here , here , here , andhere . Amazon may display this review on the page of another version of this product , for which this review may not apply . After reading this review , please click on the links and e-mail the respective Marketplace sellers to find out what version they are selling , so that you can be assured that the product this review applies to is the same one you thought it was for . -------------------------------------------------- I will be reviewing ProVenture Label Maker v4 .0 , which was released in 2006 -LRB- according to the copyright date on the blue and white box -RRB- . Product Information * Developed by
 Some features of OS X 10.2 are definitely better , faster on OS X 10.2 than on OS 9.1 , but there are several anomalies when interfacing with a Windows dominated world , more than with OS 9.1 , such as setting up email -LRB- Outlook does n't seem to work with OS X 10.2 -RRB- , scrolling the sddress book , etc.The main problem is that on my iMac DV + -LRB- bought late summer 2000 -RRB- , I ca n't run both Classic and OS X 10.2 - the OS X 10.2 install discs told me I had to do a complete memory wipe of all my Classic documents and applications -LRB- I bought an external hard drive to store these but ca n't start up on it -RRB- . When I called Apple to see about options to run both Classic and OS X , the technician told me that they no longer supported the older iMac 's and that help was $ 49/question !
 1 . The difference between OS X and OS 9 is greater than anticipated . I 've been using Macs since 1987 and was a bit flummoxed at first . There 's some non user friendly stuff you have to deal with . It 's not like going from OS 7 to OS 8 or OS 8 to OS 9 , where anyone reasonably Mac savvy can get acclimated quickly . OS X is way different , too different , and different in annoying nonMac ways . Yeah , think different , thank you Steve Jobs .2 . Font rendering . Jaguar has smoothed fonts THAT YOU CAN NOT TURN OFF ABOVE 12 PT TYPE . It is absurd that the Mac , supposedly the computer for creative media artists yada yada does not give you the option to turn off font smoothing altogether . Anyone who loves to read clear sharp text will not like this .
 OSX may have new bells and whistles but watch out . A lot of Mac software works poorly or not at all . I am very annoyed that half my programs do n't work . I 'm reinstalling OS 9 .
 UMAX scanners do n't work in 10.2 , Veuscan does n't work , some Epson printers do n't work well -LRB- 1270 -RRB- , Quark is still behind the times in 9 . ? , importing mail addresses is impossible unless you like to write code , HELP index is gone - in ten days I average 1-2 restarts per day and have had to do one clean install . The interface is cute but I have n't been interested in cute since I was 18 . FileMaker 6.0 out of the box changes data so do the upgrade before you start to work . I 've used Macs for 12 years - threw out PCs where I worked but this release needs work along with the community . .
 I 'll be switching to a Wintell machine running ME.OS 10 changed just about every proven aspect of the Macintosh user interface . I ca n't stand the confusion of missing features and hidden access.Tens of thousands of system files reside buried deep in numerous directories . If something goes wrong , clean install is your only option.You 'll need permission from God to do the simplest of maintenance.The OS is incapable of backing itself up . Something goes wrong and you 'll be doing a clean install.Your old applications are worthless . Send another thousand dollar check to Adobe to replace those critical applications . Too bad you were just starting to forget forking over the check last time Apple made you replace all your applications . See a pattern yet ?
 I 've been using my IMac with OS X. 1 for 6 months and decided to upgrade to Jaguar ; big mistake , I 've had to switch the machine off 4 times in 6 hours.For a multi tasking machine , the CD/DVD drive still locks all processing whilst running , and if it does n't let go - off the machine has to goes . My firewire drive -LRB- which never let me down before -RRB- has caused the machine to lock up twice . These sort of problems were sorted out on MS machines years ago ; the ` spinning ball of death ' may look better , but it is still annoying , I find this unacceptable from a professional hardware/software . Apart from improvements to ITunes -LRB- about time -RRB- and Address Book -LRB- whatelse could they do -RRB- I ca n't see where my -LSB- $ -RSB- has gone . I love the interface -LRB- and absolutely hate OS9/classic -RRB- but where 's the software ?
 I have a Mac G3 which currently runs in OS 8.6 . When I bought my copy of Jaguar at Fry 's I was told by the salesman that OS 9 was included . What a pack of lies ! OS 9 is NOT included in Jaguar!Now I have to buy OS 9 to run in the `` Classic '' environment because my notation program -LRB- Finale -RRB- still has n't come out in a native OS X version ! The only hope I have been offered is to spend another $ 120 to get Panther so I can order a 9.2 cd -LRB- $ 19.95 -RRB- from Apple under their Fufillment program.I know a number of Midi sequencers have updated to OS X , but anyone who runs legacy apps or equipment on their Mac will be bitterly disappointed ...
 Wow , it 's amazing how many people can see into the future ! I know that many people already have Jagular in some form or another , but one guy gives it 5 stars and admits in his `` review '' that he ca n't wait to get his hands on a copy ! What it amounts to is that the average score of these reviews has little to do with the actual worth of the product itself , and is more like `` average anticipation '' of how much people are looking forward to it.And half of this copy sounds like it was pulled straight from the hype on the websites ! If I hear the phrase ` UNIX underpinnings ' one more time I 'm gon na scream ; -RRB- I was n't going to giving a rating , since I do n't know how good the product is , but apparently I 'm forced to , so I 'll give it 2 stars to counter some of the ballot box stuffing . I will say that 1 -RRB- Jaguar looks awesome -LRB- speed , cool new stuff -RRB- , but 2 -RRB- it looks like I 'm going to have to pay for a bunch of features I did n't ask for and/or ca n't use -LRB- ichat , inkwell , Quartz Extreme -RRB- , just to get the bug fixes that should have been fixed in 10.1
 I ca n't begin to express my disappointment with Mac OS X. I recently upgraded my beige tower to OS X and now need to downgrade to 9.0 to make it work . There are three main problems . First , OS X disables the printer port so you have to buy a new printer in order to print . Second , it disables the floppy drive ; it only allows for CD drives or zip drives . Finally , although my system exceeded the minimum requirements , it is very s-l-o-w . For instance , Netscape takes 30 seconds to open a new message window . I strongly recommend against upgrading to OS X . If you have a new computer , it might work , but for an old one stay with the tried and true . My next computer will use Windows ; I am disgusted with the Mac .
 Apple should not be able to charge 120 dollars for a point release . Thats completely ridiculous , and now you have to pay for their `` guarenteed free '' . mac services . Garbage .
 $ $ $ $ for a bunch of bug fixes , and things that should have been already done , e.g. multithreaded Finder , system optimizations , gcc 3.1 , etc.The rest of the `` features ''
 Wrong price here folks , I 'm not about to buy this upgrade when just around the corner we can probably expect another small upgrade . What else bothers me is Apple 's new . mac program . . it looks like another thing we have to pay for ! I think that I 'll be `` switching '' to Windows XP pretty soon .
 i 've been a loyal mac user for almost 17 years . this one is a major disapointment . there 's almost no control over this os . you just ca n't customize it . it 's slow , a lot of my peripherals still wo n't talk to it . there 's still tons of missing software that make it just plain impractical . it costs a lot to update all the old software , yet there 's no added functionalitiy . as far as i can tell , it does nothing that os 9.2 ca n't do -LRB- and do better -RRB- . it claims to be bullet proof but this not the case it 's allready crashed . this was a waste of money and i highly recomend that those of you who have os 9.x stick with it . maybe i 'll try again with os XII or XIII , if apple is still there . uncle steve made a giant mistake here .
 Do n't be left out with what 99 % of personal computer users enjoy . Stick with the mainstream . Be part of the masses . Windows XP is faster , more stable , and has more options than Mac will ever have . Why should you feel left out ?
 Yes , I 'm a Mac fan , and a MacOSX fan like anybody else - but , so far , I am disappointed with this release .1 - printer drivers that work with MacOSX 10 , 10.1 and 10.15 do n't necessarily work with MacOSX 10.2 , and some printer manufacturers have n't yet figured out how to suport the new OS .2 - Classic mode does n't work for me in 10.2 nearly as well as it did in 10.1 . -LRB- I 've been going back into Classic mode in hopes of being able to print there - but I ca n't keep it running well enough to do so . -RRB- 3 - the mail improvements are minimal . Address book ca n't import from other programs , like Entourage , anyway .4 - Help files are incomplete . For example , there 's no entry in the Mail program 's help index/search for `` bcc '' . The only thing about version 1.2 that seems worthy of praise is the expansion of Sherlock - but I 'm using Sherlock mostly to search for drivers , or release dates of drivers that might fix the many compatibility problems I 've been encountering . So I 'm simply using my new Mac features to contend with the system itself.I am downgrading my computer back to 10.15 later today , and will stay there until the peripherals community catches up , and the various patches for Classic compatibility and the Print Center are taken care of.This is a minor upgrade in terms of feature improvements , but effectively as time-consuming as a major upgrade .
 I purchased something similar and it only worked w / Windows 95 , nothing more recent . Do not purchase this w/o inquiring as to which OS it works with !
 This product is much simpler to use than what is to be expected w / Photoshop but the support for this product is virtually non-existent . I 've had two problems -LRB- one w / it seeing a newly added font -RRB- and after a half a dozen emails to their support group , I 've been all but ignored and still have the problem ... effectively rendering the application useless . On to Photoshop I go ... at least there 's millions of benevolent users that I can bounce the issues off of in a newsgroup .
 My child loves Garfield so I figured this game would be perfect for her since it is suppose to be for 3-4 yr old children . It is actually a little to advanced for preschool child as they usually ca n't read and spell to many words yet . The other reason I give this game 1 star is because there is an error in one of the sections . You are suppose to count the objects and then drag the matching number to the box . There are 3 sets of objects . On one page there were 6 , 10,9 . Well both me and my husband both with our daughter counted two sets of 9 objects but the was a only a 10 left to drag to the last box . This particular page was always wrong because there was no matching number even though there was suppose to be a number that matched . This is very frustrating to a preschool child !!! Manufacturer really needed to test this game before releasing it with an error . I did not pay very much for the game maybe this is why it was so cheap .
 I have a MAC . Here is the detail from the seller : System RequirementsPlatform
 The program is ok for basic work , which most require.There are some important limitations like customer data enty and restoring from back-up is a nightmare . Although they offer tech support , it is very expensive and the so called tecnicians are easily frustrated so you essentally are wasting your money ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Frankly , I 've been somewhat disappointed with this software . Lots of translations for the money , and Barnes ' Notes are excellent , but there are lots of flaws and annoyances . Most notable is what appears to be a memory leak
 This `` library '' will be helpful to people seeking to find support for conservative fundamentalist interpretations of the Bible . However , it will be a major disappointment for people looking for either a middle-of-the road aproach or a representative sampling of interpretations and commentaries from liberal , conservative and neutral perspectives . Only the conservative viewpoint is presented in this reference library .
 This is an OLD game , with OLD graphics . If your kids are like mine , they 've become accustomed to great graphics and challenging -LRB- and creative -RRB- games . This will just not cut it for them.If you liked flash cards as a kid , you might just like this , but will your kids ? If you hated flash cards , and your kids are into computer games , then this will be boring and wo n't get much play .
 I do n't understand how some people can say that it 's easy to use . I gave up and bought Magix , which really is easy and MUCH MUCH more fun !!
 I bought it thinkin ' that it would help me with my band and stuff , but it needs to be alot more simpler . I think the MIDI and the Audio part need to be separated more . I ca n't get any sound to come through my speakers!Shock on , SeAwEeD
 I just wanted something I could write music with . I ca n't read music but I can lay down tracks with a computer that sound almost as good as anything commercially available . The interface on this is not intuitive , it 's not easy to use , and I 'm sorry I got it .
 I had asked the salesman at the Best Buys what software would let me record LP 's and cassette tapes into my computer for playback and burning to CD 's . He sold me this Music Creator 2003 and when I tried to use it it turned out to be a complete waste of my thirty bucks ! I kept getting asked to specify a MIDI output and found out it wouldnt accept the one on my VAIO with XP . I was also rudely informed I would have to buy yet another software from 12Tones to get closer to my purpose of buying this in the first place.I am forced to rate it as one star when it actualy earns a minus one.If you want to record your LP 's and cassettes into your computer and play them on it or put them on a CD , FORGET this `` stuff '' ! Buy a stand-alone CD recorder !
 I just bought this product a few days ago , and based on anticipation from everyone 's reviews I was so excited about it . Then , when I got home to install it , the nightmare bagan.My computer is a top of the line Dell Preformance PC and I have never had problems with any of my configurations . That said , the first problem began with an issue with DirectX Version 9 . The program is set up to use with DirectX 8.1 which , as you may or may not know , is not compatible with Windows XP . I have DirectX 9 installed -LRB- which is designed especially for XP and a much better version -RRB- . At any rate , I kept getting error messages everytime I loaded the install program , and it would tell me that the program was installing and would restart , but would never actually install . So I tried to call customer service and that was a joke , some ill-thought hours from 10am-3pm EST or therebout . So I tried the website and found a patch . Note that at this point , I have n't even seen the program interface yet and I 've already had to download a patch.Finally I got the program up and running only to find that now I can play music and sound on all of my applications , but Music Creator 2003 wo n't play any sound at all . I checked the troubleshooting guide in both the manual and the help files and the only thing it came back with was ` check your speaker connections and restart your computer ' and ` your sound card is not properly installed , please remove the card and try to re-install the device driver ' . So I 'm currently at a standstill because I ca n't even get through to technical support due to the awkward hours.I gave this product 2 stars because I hate to not give it any , with such good reviews it must be good -LRB- once you get it functioning properly I mean -RRB- . Honestly , I expected much more , especially for being a byproduct of Sonar also by Cakewalk , which is truly and amazing program although it costs near the $ 300 mark for the full registered version .
 I 'm not a musician , ie , I do n't read music very well . I recently joined a choir -LRB- I 've got a good ear -RRB- and bought this program so that I could copy my tenor parts from the scores we sing and listen to them until I got them down pat . I think this program must be directed toward folks who compose using a MIDI interface because it 's definitely NOT for folks who want to use music notation . If you get any more complex than 4/4 time the program inserts funny rests , seemingly at random , which ca n't be removed . You can enter words with the music but it 's difficult to line up the words with their proper notes . It 's not very happy with notation or accidentals or time changes or key changes . In short , this may be fine for a MIDI composer but you should look elsewhere if you want to `` compose '' using a staff .
 There seems to be a serious problem with the installation procedure for Music Creator 2003 under Windows XP/Home Edition . As always with XP , it 's necessary to be an Administrator in order to install the software , and the program works just fine when you start it from an Admin account . No surprizes there.HOWEVER , if you log in under a non-privileged account , Music Creator dies with a message about `` unable to create Staff view music font . '' Then , rather than exiting , the program hangs with its initial splash screen displayed . It just sits there , frozen , until you kill it with the Task Manager . -LRB- Very lame ... -RRB- From this behavior , I have to assume that no one at Cake Walk ever tested this software under a non-privileged account . -LRB- I probably should n't be surprized by this , given that no one ever tested it with DirectX 9.0 either ... -RRB- Of course , one workaround is simply to run the program from Admin all the time , but this is a TERRIBLE security risk . Admin-enabled accounts should be used ONLY for system maintenance -- NEVER for day-to-day work . -LRB- Unless of course , you really like giving viruses the run of your machine . -RRB- In my case , I think the correct workaround for this problem is to return the software and get a refund ...
 DVD picture quality is very poor . -LRB- not `` stunning '' as advertised -RRB- Real-time 3D graphics is not impressive . -LRB- not `` awesome '' as described -RRB- In general , it is pretty boring and poorly produced software .
 The disc would n't work in laptop ... got it for under a buck . Disappointed but , oh well ... too good to be true ...
 This program Came with a cable that ws defective . I had to return it .
 This software is very old . The system requirement on the box lists Win 95 and 98 with a Pentium 75mhz . That pretty much tells you everything you need to know.First , it would not launch , kept saying to put the CD in the CD ROM drive , even though it was there . Figured out some clueless programmer had hardcoded the CD to be the D
 This product explicitely said that it is compatible with XP on the front cover , however it is not . I have not been able to use it even after software support suggested that I change the compatibility on my system . I ca n't even get it to install the product , just a demo . I had my son-in-law who is a software developer try to get it to run and he had the same problems . I am very frustrated .
 Wasted money , too complicated , dont use it anymore
 All the reviews indicated that this software was easy to use . I found the opposite . Maybe I 'll get used to Pyro but I doubt it.I should have bought something else .
 I found the interface confusing and hard to understand as compared to roxio and even windows media player . I was buring some music to cd and the program wo n't allow you to name tracks!Another problem is data cd burning , you can not erase a cd-rw disk . I sent an email to customer support and they confirmed the program does not offer the track naming feature and said `` we know the erase feature is an important feature and we 're working on it for our next revision . Just use the disk erase that came with your computer . '' Well , so now I use windows media player to burn audio cds , and winxp to erase disks , i 'm wondering what exactly I am going to use this program for . Basic data cd burning I get with roxio that came with my xp program . I suggest writing customer service if you have specific needs to see if their program will do it . There web site is no help .
 Roxio Easy CD creater is a much better value , unless you want waste half a day recording music .
 I got Pyro 2003 to try to make converting LPs to MP3 a little simpler . I thought rather than use one tool to capture audio , another to convert to MP3 , and yet another to clean up LP noise , Pyro seemed a good choice . PC mag write up sealed the deal . Although it does all that is advertised , the software is so god-awful slow in saving any file - even without changing file format - that I have reverted to multiple software packages . And no , I ca n't blame my hardware , 1.5 gz P4.Pryo does offer a nice way to clean up audio noise . It lets you listen to just the noise being removed isolated from all other sound . This really helps when the control labels and graphs are meaningless . Again , saving the results of any cleanup are so slow that I 'd rather live with the noise until a better solution comes along.My copy of Pyro 2003 will be destined for e-bay .
 The first week I had this I was pretty impressed . However , the second week I started getting run-error messages and the program would n't open anymore . The support site they give for this problem seems to be non-existent -LRB- at least Google ca n't find it -RRB- and tech support is pretty lame
 I was a happy SS6 user and looked forward to version 7 . What a disappointment . Not only does the start up optimizer not even open , but easy update is now a misnomer . I installed the software on two separate machines - which are new -LRB- XP Media -RRB- and I 'm having the same problems on both machines . Oh , and because I upgraded from System Suite 6 , I thought that the program would intuitively migrate important settings - but it did n't .
 V-COM has totally destroyed what used to be a decent product . First off loading the software caused both of my computer systems to no longer boot . Then you can not remove the software . I had to end up using Windows Install Clean Up utility to remove the application . I had used System Suite since version 4 , and now I have to look for a different system since V-COM has obvioulsy hired blind monkey 's with hammers to do their program development.Please let me apologize to any blind monkey 's as comparing you to this software is truly unfair to you .
 Absolutely the worst Internet security suite on the market today . Your browser will crash frequently because of the ufilter.dll file . Avanquest is aware of the problem but unable to provide a fix at this time . If that is not enough , Avanquest WILL disable your version of the program without warning leaving you high and dry without any protection and scrambling to find a replacement . The disablement comes with a message that the software is installed on another computer which is not allowed and therefore the program will terminate IMMEDIATELY leaving you vulnerable to virus attacks . This is outrageous and totally out of line since whatever system checking that they do fails to identify which computer is the one that can continue to run the program . Customer -LRB- Tech -RRB- support provides no help whatsoever so you are basically stuck with no program nor will you get back what you paid for it ! And if that is still not enough aggravation for one person to withstand , the utility suite of programs will cause your computer to hangup or crash the program for many of the applications . I find it hard to believe that this pile of rubish was ever even allowed to be sold to the public . Trust me it is that bad ! This used to be a good product but whoever took over the company has managed to transform it into a software nightmare and they would do well to just withdraw it from the market ASAP . When it comes to Internet Security Suites there are many better choices than this .
 I installed System Suite but when I tried using it I got an error saying my serial number was invalid . I thought maybe I typed it in wrong so I re-installed it but got the same error . When I checked their website they said that some serial numbers were typed incorrectly and gave a fix . When I tried their fix , System Suite would n't even install . I 'm still waiting 4 days later for their technical support to give me an answer .
 V-Com seems to have a habit of sending out software with known issues . The Suite has an issue with the Netdefense firewall . Whenever it launches ... and it does not always do so ... it causes a conflict that causes a massive drain on system resources . CPU activity goes from 4 - 7 percent to 18 - 100 percent . This causes slow response to any running programs on your pc including jerky and erratic mouse movement and response . V - Com is aware of the problem and has not been able to find a patch or solution . They hope to soon . . this is their response to me that was given from there technical support . I wo n't hold my breath . Stay away from this known bad software .
 I have been using SystemSuite since version 4 . Can not complain until now . I am having the same problems as another reviewer . NetDefense Firewall loads only half the time and my computer has been `` jerky '' since the install . Customer support , although responsive , assures me a upcoming update will fix these issues . We will see . I suggest waiting a few months before purchasing .
 Conan has my sentiments exactly . This was a great product for me for 3 years . When I splurged and bought multiple licenses for several home computers , nothing worked properly . Each and every time , the tech support -LRB- on Mars or Venus -RRB- gave me detailed solutions involving changing my registry manually . At first I tried and when that did n't work and they gave me more homework to do , I realized I was dealing with a defective program and an unprofessional cop-out of a company . Getting my money back was impossible so I decided to `` take the hit '' and never deal with them again .
 I used several versions of System Suite Pro over the years . All were wonderful . I never had a virus , worm , or any other problem . Then I bought version 7 . It had a flaw in Easy Update . I contacted Help via e-mail and was given a link to a fixed version . After some trouble , it installed . Within seconds , my computer crashed and rebooted repeatedly . I could n't reach VCom via phone ; they do n't offer it . I could n't reach them via e-mail because the computer was unusable . I called Dell -LRB- my computer brand -RRB- . They diagnosed the Blaster worm , and after 2.5 hours of trying to remove it , I was referred to a fee-based help service . After another 2.5 hours -LRB- and $ 99 -RRB- , the tech concurred with the Dell tech diagnosis
 I have used SystemSuite loyally for the last approx 5 years , and prior to the takeover by V-Com . SystemSuite 5 and 6 would work fine , but with minor flaws . Each time I delt with the Tech Dept , they were prompt on replying via email , with good solutions.When I seen that SS7 was going to be released , I was excited to try it out . What a disaster !! The firewall is no longer a SYGATE , but a Filseclab firewall product . I ran various basic firewall tests on the new firewall by Gibson Research , and it found a couple open ports . I then ran the leak test on the Gibson site and it failed !! This was the first firewall in quite a while that failed that basic leak test.The software also seems to be very sluggish and every test in the suite runs beyond slow.After attempting to make this software suite work correctly like the years prior , I finally threw my hands up and uninstalled it . It is now gathering dust in the attic , with the other junk software from the past.The good days of using SystemSuite seem to be over . Too Bad , I once enjoyed their software .
 While VCom historically makes good software , including System Suite and PowerDesk , I have to agree with other reviewers that this software was rushed to market.In principle , System Suite is a feature rich program that compares favorably to programs like Symantec 's Norton SystemWorks . The program includes not only a large number of utilities , but also anti-virus , sypware and firewall programs provided by Trend Micro . The utilities includes disk and registry fixers , rescue disk and recovery modules , an uninstaller , internet and other clean-up programs , and a well-functioning zip utility . My experience with System Suite 6 has been very good.My experience with System Suite 7 , released in mid-October , has , on the other hand , been very bad . The problem has to do with the stability of the program . The first issue that I had is that System Suite 7 , which I installed over System Suite 6 , created a number of `` blue screen '' memory crashes . While customer service at Avanquest Publishing - which distributes VCom software in the United States - was very responsive , they were not able to solve the problem for me . Nor did uninstalling the program solve the problem . This eventually required me to perform a clean installation of Windows XP.The second installation of System Suite 7 -LRB- over the clean Windows installation -RRB- did not result in blue screen memory crashes , but it did result consistently in crashes of the background task server -LRB- controlled by MXTask.exe -RRB- and the failure of the firewall to launch or to stay enabled . More back-and-forth with Avanquest customer service led to their providing me with several new versions of MXTask.exe , as well as various dynamic link library -LRB- DLL -RRB- files . Part of the problem that we jointly diagnosed is that the background task server for System Suite is incompatible with certain products from Aladdin Systems -LRB- now Allume Systems -RRB- , such as Spring Cleaning 3.0 and Stuff-It Deluxe 9.0 , which also use different flavors of the MXTask.exe file . Uninstalling these products resulted in fewer crashes , but the problem was not eliminated . The last version of MXTask.exe that Avanquest sent me prevented the firewall and anti-virus programs from being enabled at all.Subsequently , having removed products with known conflicts , I uninstalled System Suite 7 a second time and reinstalled it a third time , in the hope that this would cure the previous problems . This time System Suite was incapable of performing the `` easy update '' functions , including updating the anti-virus and spyware definitions . It was at this point that I uninstalled System Suite 7 a third time , and reinstalled System Suite 6 , which has been working fine ever since . -LRB- Incidentally , I previously had no conflicts when running System Suite 6 with software from Aladdin or Allume Systems . -RRB- My conclusion , after this experience , is that System Suite 7 is really still in beta form , and is not yet ready for commercial production and distribution . I would be willing to give System Suite 7 another chance after VCom has worked out the bugs , which clearly has not happened yet . By the way , the interface improvements between version 6 and 7 are not dramatic , and the only significant module that was added was a start-up tuner , which can also be found in many other utilities . There is not yet any obvious reason to upgrade from Version 6 .
 I wish I had read the other reviews before I bought this program . I have used System Suite -- and its predecessors -- for many years -LRB- with some features sadly discarded during its evolution -RRB- . This version should not have been released . It is n't ready , yet.First , the firewall and antivirus components seize about 100mb ram when loading -- and do not relinquish any memory when up and running -LRB- I use a 3rd party memory optimizer to recover most of that memory for use by other programs -- which must be done manually after booting my system -RRB- . Second , the `` Startup Commander '' is plain dangerous . I used it with the first install of System Suite 7 -LRB- which I installed properly accordingly to all the instructions given -RRB- . After the first use of this utility , the firewall would usually come up in an endless loop upon booting , rarely -LRB- if ever -RRB- loading correctly . After I reinstalled an updated version of SS7 , this problem continued until I compared the `` services '' settings created by Startup Commander with those appearing in MSConfig . They were n't the same . When I finally , painstakingly , manually made certain that the settings in Startup Commander corresponded to those in MSConfig , the firewall would load correctly at startup.Frankly I was rushed to purchase this program when receiving V-Com 's -LRB- Avanquest 's ? -RRB- message that no antivirus updates would be available for SS6 after March 31 , 2007 , and that I should update to SS7 at the special price offered -LRB- including 90 days of product support -RRB- . It was only after I installed the program that I discovered that no telephone support was available , and that the 90 days free support was by email . I 'm sorry ! But as an attorney , I consider this offer deceptive -- even if it is , strictly speaking , accurate . It certainly has proved inadequate from my experience -- since none of the problems which I have reported were resolved with V-Com 's support . I fixed most of them on my own -- even if the fix of the memory usage problem is only of the bandaid applied variety . I might add that I am fairly computer savvy , having over 23 years experiences with PCs.Meanwhile , until the known problems are resolved -LRB- hopefully soon -RRB- I am reluctant to use any of the other utilities included with this program for fear of what they might do to my very clean , well-maintained , and previously very wonderfully working computer.UPDATE
 Registry Cleaner is dangerous , I think it is true no matter what utility software you use . In this case , SystemSuite 7 scanned all the registry keys and identified all the safe ones to be deleted . I looked at them and they looked fine to be deleted . I deleted those and left the others alone . After rebooting the computer , Microsoft Office and Outlook could not function anymore.I did n't use the antivirus and firewall since I have McAfee . The Deep File Clean sounds great and is more comprehensive the the Microsoft Windows XP Disk Cleanup . It is good that it backed up those deleted files in case I need to undo the delete . However , there is no option to delete the backups once I have decided those files are really safe to be deleted.I would suggest going with Norton and McAfee for the utilities and I trust the antivirus and firewall more than SystemSuite 7 . It is very appealing to use SystemSuite antivirus program since it does not have a subscription fee but I am not sure if it is as secure as the subscription software . Lastly , the firewall did fail some of the firewall tests.I would n't recommend this product .
 I bought this product mainly for the utility tools , not the av or firewall , so I have n't bothered to install those . However , I ca n't even get the clean up tools to work . You click the button and the program shuts down instead of doing anything!E - mail tech support has been relatively quick to respond , but the ` fixes ' they 've suggested have n't helped at all . Frankly , I 'm thinking of returning the darn thing .
 I bought SS4 to fix a disk problem . It did n't . I bought SS6 hoping it would deliver on the promises of earlier versions and the SS6 box . It did n't . Finally -LRB- am I a slow learner , or what ??? -RRB- , I bought SS7 , since it came with three licenses , and I have three computers . It 's still just an overpriced antivirus , but with a new insult . Stay tuned.The defragmenter is only as good as the Windows program . The registry fixer is downright dangerous -- it caused QuickBooks Pro to stop working -LRB- easily fixed by reinstalling -RRB- . The memory test is not as good as the free Microsoft utility . Generally , the system diagnostic is just a big , useless show . So still , this is just an overpriced antivirus program.Now the last insult . I upgraded to Vista Business -LRB- SS7 is advertised as Vista-compatible -RRB- , and the program stopped working . It would not uninstall or reinstall either . I have the latest update -- or not , so it seems . Since I bought it on 11/15/06 , which is before VCOM 's magic cutoff date of 12/1/06 , I must pay an additional $ 10 for the Vista-functional update . I do n't think so . SS7 is the end of the line for me .
 This program is worthless . I have contacted the tech department a number of times trying to get the program to download updates . I continually get the message `` can not authenticate . '' The replies from the tech department assume that I can write software . This is not a user friendly progam . I liked SS6 and looked forward to SS7 . Now I plan to toss the program and get something that is user friendly . Save your money and mental health .
 After much labor I had finally got to a stable SS5 install . Since I 've not got any virus updates for a long time I foolishly decided to upgrade to version 7 . Bad move . The initial install hogged about 40 % of my CPU and then crashed after 10 or 20 minutes . Some patch files from easy update then trashed my machine . I thank the computer gods for letting me boot up enough to uninstall the software . I 'm done with this stuff . I do n't have time to beta test someone else 's software .
 I 've used Norton in the past , and this is my first experience with the System Suite products . System Suite 7 seems to provide reasonably good value for its price . I am using this suite with Win XP and have had no problems in loading or running the program , and it does not seem to be nearly the resouce hog that Symantec 's Norton suites are.I agree with other reviews that the Registry Fixer can be dangerous . Cleaning the registry of wasteful and useless stragling entries can speed up one 's computer , but anyone making any changes to the registry should realize that problems can arise and that they absolutely must provide for suitable back-up/restore . Restore points are available through System Suite 7 for this purpose . Also , the Registry Fixer can be performed in several stages in order to facilitate troubleshooting.As mentioned by others , I am not sure yet that I fully trust the anti-virus program in SS7 . The SS7 AV program runs very quickly and always lists many files omitted from each scan . As a result , I wonder how thoroughly it really scans , and I am running another AV program as a second line of defense . I have not yet had any firewall issues but also have that double shielded.The anti-spam feature is right up there with useless , as it is not integrated with the native email program and must be opened -- and `` trained '' -- as a separate entity . VCOM needs to work on that . I removed it , but I also have a before-the-fact anti-spam screener through my ISP.For the price , I thought I would give System Suite 7 a shot . All in all , it seems to work fairly well . I guess my biggest concern is whether the anti-virus program is reliable . Updates are provided regularly -LRB- every day or two -RRB- , so only time will tell.I think the Norton user interface is more intuitive . I trust Norton 's antivirus program after many years of use , but Symantec 's customer service has become terrible in recent years . I have not yet had need for customer service with System Suite 7 . The price for this suite is pretty good considering the components that are available . A true measure of how well it works will only come with time . So far , so good .
 I was really excited at first about this software because my 2 yr daughter - at the time - loves to use the computer and to color . During installation I noticed that this was a waste of money because of the quality of the graphics . I had a windows vista at the time and that OS is not among the supported OS on the back of the cover.Can barely use because the only usable space on screen is about 3 `` x4 '' square box and I have a 23 '' monitor with horrible graphics . Therefore , I only used it that one time and unistalled it .
 Do n't waste you money on this software . Several of the games did n't work properly and my son lost interest after an hour .
 I bought Systemworks to upgrade my system . I tried to install it 4 times and follow their instructions . It told me to delete all of my old Norton systemworks , for which I did . Every time it comes up with a product error and tells me to try again . I then sent an email to Norton and never received a reply from them except their automatic reply back to me telling me they have received my email . My computer is worse off now then it was before I tried Norton Systemworks 2007 . Norton help system just puts you in a loop and never helps solve the problems . Their help menu tells you that they know they have a problem , but they do not know what causes it.I am still thinking about how to get my money back on this useless product . They should have Zero -LRB- 0 -RRB- stars .
 I have the 2006 version of this product but it is n't listed to comment on and I have a current subscription so the software is up to date . Yesterday after a Live update -LRB- possibly just a coincidence -RRB- the anti virus stopped working - some license problem . -LRB- I only subscribe to stay current with the virus defintions . -RRB- - their site says uninstall / reinstall ... every single time I 've tried there 's been a problem . Their online help is useless - email support says TWO days for a reply . Their installer seems to have left something hanging around which tries to complete when u go to run it and guess what it 's trying to complete ? the UNINSTALL from before the current INSTALL ! I 've wasted over SEVEN hours on this today and am now uninstalling everything again and am about to manually go through the registry to completely clear everything and start again . Norton utilities in the old days was serious and useful stuff - then it all got bought out and watered down - I originally bought this because I wanted the ghost sw and it was all bundled together - even the ghost sw does n't do what the original ghost did . I wo n't be renewing my subscription ; once it 's up I 'll be taking my anti virus business to Zonelabs who I use for firewall and have had NO problems with so far.Don ' t encourage crap software - do n't buy this . -LRB- it gets one star because that 's as low as you can enter . There oughta be a negative rating like 5 s * ^ Ts . -RRB-
 Here 's how it works . You spend WAY TOO MUCH money on this software that looks and feels like you are back in the mid-nineties once you start using it . You go to the first lesson -LRB- which will be in a really small window with no expansion or full screen options -RRB- and then press `` play '' to hear the audio example attached to the lesson . At that point , either a red X appears over the box or nothing appears . In either case you HEAR NOTHING -LRB- granted , my computer was purchased after GW Bush 's fist term so there may be compatability issues -RRB- . Since the program has no setup or options or file menu to configure anything you go to the user manual . The user manual has precisely ZERO troubleshooting tips . So then you go to the website and find out that you will not be able to so much as email anyone who can answer a simple question without paying for the priveledge to do so . Also , hope you are a QuickTime user because it ALLEGEDLY plays examples through quick-time and quick-time only . If you install the `` free '' quicktime off of the disc you get a trial version of quicktime that needs a registration code that is not provided . Thus , you must pay money to quicktime if you want a player for the alleged music and sounds built into this program . I am certain that this was a valuable program in 1996 , but right now it is a big waste of time and mostly money , but hey , clearly Apple needed their cut and that jacked the price up . Seems we could have gotten a registration code for Quick Time out of the deal.My advice . Do n't buy this or any other Sibelius product . Buy their stock . They have a 95 % profit margin on all their software and spend no money on R and D or customer service.bottom line
 I bought the MY FIRST AMAZING DIARY for my son a week ago . He is a 7 year-old . He liked it at the beginning as other software he owned . He mastered it very quickly and easily . It is OK for a regular diary , but it is n't as AMAZING as what we had expected . We experienced technical difficulty while we installed it .
 There are at least a couple programming errors in this game . In a decoding exercise a picture of a coat hanger was shown , but it did n't follow through for the activity . When I clicked on the horse , I was able to continue the game . Obviously , it was an exercise in `` h '' words . I found another error , but I ca n't remember the specifics . These errors could be very frustrating for a child who was unable to realize that even computer games can have errors . But the game only cost a couple dollars plus shipping so I 'm not terribly upset . There is plenty of good in the games , but a child should be warned about the errors .
 I was very disappointed with this product . let me start off by saying that we paid 5 dollars , but I still wanted a good product . unfortunately the software is so old that it does n't work on any of the recent computers . I purchased it for my special needs students , but we were all disappointed ... back to the drawing board .
 This item did not work at all . I thought about returning it but it was so cheap that it would n't pay me to ship it back . It is the only I SPY game/software that we have ordered that did n't work .
 Does n't work if you have Windows 7 ... They should say that on the original info page . I can play it on my husband 's laptop that has Vista -LRB- so it was n't a total waste of money -RRB- , but I ca n't play it on my newer laptop that has Windows 7 . Something about it not being 64-bit , or something like that . Funny though , I own all of the other computer I Spy games , and they all work with Windows 7 , but just not this one .
 We bought this game for under $ 10 . It runs so slowly on our computer and often freezes while playing displaying some sort of error . It is probably made for an older version of Windows , but we have XP . I would not recommend this if you have Windows XP or above .
 Unlike most all mac software these days , this program is not OSX . It is formatted for System 9 from years ago , so a waste of money for me .
 We bought my Granddaughter a new HP Notebook at Wal Mart this past weekend I am setting it up for her so she will have some games to play when she opens it on Christmas Morning . Windows 7 gives me an x86 error and wo n't install the game . I should return it but for price paid it 's not worth the trouble .
 Be wary because this software will not work with Windows XP . I Spy Junior and I Spy Spooky Mansion will not work either . I looked EVERYWHERE on the net for troubleshooting help and nada !
 I purchased this game for my grandchildren and it said it was XP windows acceptable , but could not get this game to install . These are excellent games for all ages and the company needs to update them for XP and 7 windows . I have two games that will work on my XP , I Spy Treasure Hunt and I Spy Spooky Mansion .
 I was very disappointed with this product . My son loves the I Spy books and he was very excited when he received this as a gift . The product says it is compatable with Apple . When my husband tried to install the software , we found out our computer is `` too new . '' Our computer is 3 years old . Seriously ? So , I was irritated and my son was sad .
 My six year old great nephew completed all of the activities within two hours . He was moderately interested in the beginning and bored by the time he finished . I watched as he played , and thought they were boring , too .
 Although this product claims to be XP-compatible , it does n't really work unless you first change your system settings to run in Windows 98 compatibility mode , and set virtual memory settings back to 200MB . Even though the outer box says Windows XP , copyright dates inside the jewel case make it obvious this is really pre-XP software that has not been updated.Since we use our computer for other things besides games , the only way my son can play is to wait for 5-10 minutes ' worth of switching to an admin user account , changing memory settings , then restarting the computer . When he finishes , we have to put the memory settings back again so we can use the computer for other things .
 I just tossed this one in the trash . It looked like a good game for my girls but unfortunately Scholastic does n't believe in updating or supporting their products . I 'd be very leary of buying any software from this company since software returns are difficult to negotiate . I would appreciate a list of truly Windows XP compatible children 's software titles . Windows XP has been around for at least a couple of years now . I do n't understand why compatibility is such a problem . Their support site cites that the problem is `` you have too much installed RAM . '' Well , for most software , that is not a `` bad '' thing .
 I agree with the reviewer who urges you to stay away from this and other Scholastic products if you run Windows XP . I received School Days and Spooky Mansion today but ca n't get either to run on XP , even though I am generally quite adept at working with computers . I will never buy another product from this company , even if it works well on XP . These products say they work with `` Windows 95 , 98 , 2000 or later . '' Do n't believe it .
 I am a big fan of Brian Tracy . Our company sells all his tape ` sand video products . This one is an absolute no no . You would be betterbuying , Getting Rich in America , or Brian Tracy 's Success Mastery Academy , if you want real information . This is a glossed product , with very little content.You will learn more content from Larry Winget 's book , Money is Easy , Think & Grow Rich Napoleon Hill , The Science of Getting Rich by Wallace D Wattles or Born Rich by Bob Proctor . The only people who will become millionaires from this abissmal product are the publishers and Brian Tracy.I WARN YOU IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY !
 This CD ROM is not worth paying more than $ 5 for , unless you are really bored.Basically this program provides an introduction to multilevel marketing , starting a small business , an intro to the stock market and some other less than memorable stuff.One part that was OK though , was the GOALS section . In this section , you would type up your personal and financial goals and hear a talk by Brian Tracy.The calculators included on the CDRom can be found on the internet for free.In short , you do n't need to take up the space on your PC to have this software . What I would do is sign up for Brian Tracy 's emails and read the emails for free . GOALS ! by Brian Tracy is a FAR better investment of your time and money .
 This is strictly a review of the product which stunk . It did n't load properly , than parts of the game or whatever must not have copied when they made copies because sections were just mia missing . I love Brian Tracy . He is like one of the essential ` get you up ' gurus . I think no library is complete without him but this particular product bites it !
 The `` Advanced Placement '' part of the title is deceiving -- the software is too simplistic to be of real practical use , except perhaps for someone who is in the early part of an Introductory Stat course or who wants a preview of what Stats might be like for the first time .
 If you are looking for statistics software do n't buy this . It will not work with any of the newer Windows op systems . No updates .
 I have the standalone version of this software and purchased it to perform amortizations . I am in the financial industry and wanted a program that could quickly do a wide variety of amortizations without a lot of setup . Well it does n't take a lot of setup but this program is a clunker . Yes , clunker is the best way to describe it . First of all , it has the look and feel of an old DOS program . Some of you may be too young to know what that is but for those of us who do it means it has none of the conveniences you take for granted in a windows program . The setup is really awkward and not intuitive . The compounding time period , the annual rate of interest are input at the top of the screen . The Event -LRB- of which could be payments , loan , or rate chage -RRB- is the first column of a grid format that looks supsciously like an Excel worksheet . The date , and amount are the next two columns . The Number , Period and End Date are the next three and if you leave one of those blank the system will calculate the missing value . So if they borrow more money it 's a line item , they make periodic payments its a line item and its not straight forward which values are required to get the correct answer . The help key was not really as helpful as it needed to be . The setup is hit or miss if you have multiple payments -LRB- not on a regular basis -RRB- and the reporting is not flexible at all . I expect the most disappointing thing about the software is that when I read the list of things it could do it was impressive and yet after having purchased it I barely use it unless left no other choice . So I gave it 2 stars because it does calculate things albeit not necessarily the way you might envision .
 I bought this software program to use on my iMac because the platform requirements listed Mac OS X ; however , when I received the product , it states on the front of the CD that it is only for use with Windows !! Non of the sellers specify whether their CD is for only Windows users or Mac users or both -- why not ?
 Worse program I ever tried using . Kept giving me errors and freezing . Save your money and go for the other panorama software -LRB- s -RRB- out there ! THIS ONE IS JUNK !
 I have used this program for about a year and now I am stuck . I would like to change programs because of the limiting features but I can not . The program does not export clients , print lables or have useful search capablities . You would be better off to look elsewhere .
 The product works OK , just do n't expect your invoices to look like the ones on the box . That requires you purchase pre-printed forms -LRB- $ 50 - $ 60 for 250 forms -RRB- . Printing -LRB- HP Deskjet 862C -RRB- on blank paper the invoices look so lame you could have done better with a spreadsheet . Shaded areas print out as big dots even when set to print greyscale or color . Prints black and white only . Except I did get a color logo to print . Did not print JPG or GIF , but did it it to work with pict format . Functionality is good , but do n't expect to print `` Professonal Invoices '' out of the box without spending more money for forms .
 A complete waste , one star is far too generous .
 Please , do not waste your money on this software !! I bought it for 12.95 , is not even worth 5 dollars . The quality and the functionality of this software is poor . I personally rate it a zero . If you want quality software do not buy this product .
 I got this software for free after the mail-in-rebate . Even after that will strongly advise anybody from buying this software . This is nothing more than a Wordpad application . If you want help with resumes you will have more luck at any of the online resume sites.If you are expecting this software to give you multiple templates and hints , you will be disappointed . There are only around 6 or 7 templates which are not impressive.Bottomline is that it is waste of money -LRB- if you paid for this software -RRB- and time .
 PLEASE DO N'T ANYONE BUY THIS SOFTWARE , IF YOU WANT TO CALL IT THAT . JUNK IS WHAT I CALL IT . NOT ANYTHING LIKE I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE , NOW I 'M LOOKING FOR SOMETHING ELSE TO BUY .
 You must shutdown your antivirous to install . After installation it wo n't run with out the cd . What is the point of installing the software if you need the cd to run ? pluss i got tired of closing the window that says `` the disk is write locked '' also every time you start up it asks you to regester the product . After doing that once I did not want to do that again !!! As to the program its self it is one that you MUST read the documentation , berore you do anything . And it tales much longer than the 5 minutes that the box says .
 After being totally lost with `` regular '' accounting programs , I tried the original version of this software then upgraded to the current one . It has been working pretty much OK except for some reason , it will `` reassign '' invoice numbers ! I had one just last week that I had to look up and invoice the customer faxed me and the invoice number did not match what I had in my system . This can REALLY upset bean counters and IRS droids . Also , it will NOT export information that can be used in the company 's own label program . Support will cost you $ 25.00 a pop ... NO toll free number or e-mail support either . I am currently looking for a replacement program .
 VERY DISAPPOINTING.Apparently Bill G. has billions to prevent linux from working with XP.Just another cruel experience to steel your time and cause frustration .
 I mistakenly purchased Rand McNally 2000 thinking it was the updated version of the software I have been using for years . I had so many problems in the first 2 days , I called customer service who walked through all my problems and came up with the same bugs on her end - she agreed with the problems , but had no idea how to fix them ! One example is the measuring tool between 2 points - it does n't work on the icon , only around it , which leaves up to a 1.5 mile variance in any given direction ! After telling her how frustrated and dissapointed I was with this software , she gave me the address to return the product for full refund -LRB- 90 day guarantee -RRB- . Later , I realized it was Microsofts trip planner 98 and Streets 98 that I had been using . I am ordering the Microsoft 2000 version today -LRB- and returning the other product -RRB- . According to other bad reviews for Rand McNally 2000 and the great reviews for Microsoft , I am not alone !
 I was excited about getting this for my boys but the excitement was short lived as I loaded it on the computer and had my boys try it out . The program it not challenging at all . It seems to be based more on music and animation than concrete skills . After you receive a pet reward you go to a playroom to play with your pet . There is music from the older Fisher Price Ready for School Toddler program . The program froze the computer after only using it once before on the computer . Thankfully Knowledge Adventure sent me a patch to help the glitches.I am so disapointed with this version of Jumpstart . I am trying to salvage my 1999 version Jumspstart Preschool , and my boys are asking to use the older version.I 'll try the Arthur version of a school program and see if it is any better . I like the indepth description of it but I run Windows XP and may have to adjust it for such or contact someone to get a patch so it runs with the system .
 i purchased musicmatch jukebox deluxe , but i received a version that was different from what i ordered . that 's just not right !
 I installed this program twice on my computer to make sure and in both cases it caused big problems . I am still working to fix them .
 Amazon 's Editorial Review indicates that you can update mailing lists with this product `` with the click of a button '' . While the product does contain the listings , updating your mailing list will require the clicking of a multitude of buttons , after you print out or write down all of the information . The product has no ability to create or modify a mail merge list . The Yellow Pages USA Deluxe edition apparently has the ability to create a mail merge list for use with a word processor , but per INFOUSA 's sales staff this can only be done for a single heading/zip code combination at a time . The Deluxe version is not available at this time through Amazon , and is quite a bit more expensive -LRB- $ 150 -RRB- .
 I purchased this product based on Amazon.com 's description that this product 's capibilities included searches by phone number . The product box does not indicate such a search is possible and my multiple tries at communication with the CDUSA have gone unanswered . I 'm now searching for other product to fill my needs . Other reviews on this conpanies products seem to indicate that CDUSA is a good company not to buy from . Good luck !
 I have uninstalled SystemWorks 2006 and will not be going back to Symantec products . I had three problems :1 . On initial install of SystemWorks in January 2006 , the `` GoBack '' module wiped my hard drive . This was annoying and not easy to fix .2 . I reinstalled -LRB- and had to reregister -RRB- without the GoBack module and used the software for several months satisfactorily . A few annoyances
 As a user of Bryce 3D and Bryce 4 , and very satisfied with them , I 'm very disappointed that Corel apparently felt they had to rush this release out before they debugged it . On 3D graphics discussion boards across the internet , folks are saying they had to deinstall it.There are several serious problems with this release . It renders extremely slow ; at least twice as slow as Bryce 4 . It hangs machines -LRB- I 've had this experience with W2K machine with 512 memory -RRB- , crashes machines , loses track of where files are . The tree lab has possibilities , but the trees are still extremely polygon intensive , and more than a few trees duplicated in your scene may cause a crash , or rendering errors that leave parts of the trees missing.Corel is supposedly working on a patch right now ; I 'd advise that if you have Bryce 4 , keep it ... do n't bother with Bryce 5 until they get the problems ironed out .
 As an artist who has used Bryce 3D and upgraded to Bryce 4 , I was satisfied with the product 's ability to render realistic worlds and 3D special effects , even before I upgraded to Bryce 5 . But for all the beauty I have been able to create with this affordable yet powerful software , there has been one increasingly prominent sour-note that may pretty much kill-joy everything else I liked.I am currently rendering a sixteen-second animation using Bryce 5 on a WindowsME PC . The animation is 320-by-240 pixels resolution per frame , and has a frame rate of thirty frames per second . The PC has a Pentium III , 256 megabytes of RAM , a 40 gigabyte hard drive , and on-board 24-bit graphics acceleration . Nevertheless , because the animation includes six to eight transparent metaballs with a marble texture and the refractive properties of water , Bryce tells me that the animation will take at least fifteen DAYS to finish . To make a long story short , Bryce 5 will punish you in slow rendering time for the same intricacy of creativity the software claims to reward.At first , I wondered whether or not Bryce 's rendering engine was software-intensive -LRB- i.e. all of the complex floating-point calculations involving exponents , roots , logarithms , trigonometry , and so on are all carried out by the software -RRB- or hardware-intensive -LRB- i.e. the same complex calculations are passed to and from the CPU 's Floating-Point Unit , which is MILLIONS of times faster than the software-intensive method -RRB- . All Pentium CPU 's have an FPU , and since Bryce 5 requires that the PC in question have a Pentium , one would think that Bryce 's rendering engine would be hardware-intensive , taking advantage of the FPU 's speed and power . Nevertheless , other users have told me that the Bryce 5 rendering engine is only software-intensive , hence the incredibly long rendering times on simple animations that were cursed with having too many complex props and actors in the scene . Other users have advised me to make use of Network Rendering , where several computers sharing a network link carry out the same rendering project together . But it totally defeats the purpose of purchasing an inexpensive yet powerful 3D world-rendering tool when you have to spend tons of extra money on other computers simply to render a scene or animation at a decent rate.Ultimately , because my work is deadline-driven , I have found that Bryce 's dismal rendering times have become absolutely unacceptable . I am already doing research on another 3D-rendering software package that has a considerably faster rendering engine , one that makes use of the FPU . Bryce 5 is excellent for rendering phenomenal 3D worlds and animations , but only if you have a day 's , a week 's , or even a month 's patience , because that 's exactly how long it may take .
 I bought this product to upgrade my exsiting version of Bryce 4 . After many major headaches and constant calls to the manufacturer I still failed to get it to work . Save your money .
 Well Metacreations/fractal/Corel has finally decided to grab our wallets again . I raced to buy this but was confounded to find out that the valid bryce 4 password that starts bryce 4 DOES N't work as the upgrade and the customer has to reach customer service . Unfortunately , they refer you to tech support . So for the addition of trees , a bigger interface , `` lots of new features '' that really are n't even outlined in the new manual , I have to kill this release and warn those to buy 2 good animation books instead !
 I use this one at work , still . But not by choice.This is a product which was programmed for a 16-bit operating system , and which is much more at home on it . Form package names are only supported in 8.3 DOS format.The largest fustration with this software is when working with a form , the font on the screen will jumble , forcing you to go back a page , then forward again to refresh the page.There are better form software out there , such as Acrobat , but I 'm stuck using FormFlow .
 I bought this software to replace an old Visual Home software I have had for many years . I will probably uninstall Punch and re-install Visual Home because Visual Home is much easier to work with . Also , my old software has much better kitchen and bathroom fixtures , furniture and at least offers more garage/shop items to place in the model . The only advantages to this Punch software is the deck design and the fact that you can design additional floors over the first floor footprint . I have not gone as far as using the furniture workshop and the RealModel -- I do n't think I will waste my time . This WAS NOT money well spent .
 Ok , I too bought both 3d home Architect that is marketed by Broderbun and Punch Pro Home Design . The Broderbun product is bad but Punch Pro is horrible . I have read the manual so that is not the problem . While the software is not intuitive , and the documentation is superficial , learning the software is not the problem . It 's just plain bad . Standard features in any package like this - 2d -LRB- plan view -RRB- zooming in and out , undo , selecting a feature to modify , etc , just do n't work correctly . Advanced features like moving around in the 3d view do n't even come close to being adequate.I thought maybe it was just me so I started examining the sample plans they provide . They all look like they are slight modifications of the same three or four plans , are all pretty simplistic , and most have structural problems . If all you want to do is draw a box with a roof on it this software will do it - but you 'll still suffer getting it done . If you want to do anything slightly creative do n't even bother.If all this is n't bad enough they suggest that you download and install the `` patches '' for the program . The `` patches '' are over 150 megs . This size of the patches is n't that big a deal for me because I have a fast connection . If you do n't have a broadband connection too bad I guess . The patches do n't help with most problems anyway.My last warning - there is a reason this software does not come with a money back guarantee .
 Punch is a limited program that is not very intuitive . The walls dont self sguare for a room , door choices are few , closet doors are limited , and measuring is difficult . I went to 3d Home , faster more intuitive , easier to use . Punch was a waste .
 I used an older version of Sierra before we built our addition and loved it . Lost my cd & could n't find another so I bought this . Maybe some features are better but many are disappointing.The accessories selection is poor and the `` walk-thru '' feature much less flexible and difficult to use .
 every time you put in a measurment it needs to be even numbers for sraight walls and odd numbers for angled walls . it has a predetermined space alotted for doors and windows . if you already own a home and want to remoldle this is not the software for that . you can however design from scratch but end up with limited options for a cookie cutter house .
 We 've looked a number of products . Unfortunatly none seem to be really good . We found the floor planning in this tool to be ok , but there are lots of features that just do n't work . For instance , I ca n't get the roofs to have any pitch besides 12:12 . I think that the other options available , and the custom roof tool itself , are just not implemented . I hate buying SW with incomplete functions .
 I bought this program awhile ago , and I absolutely hated it . I no longer have it . It crashed constantly and although it had many good features -LRB- landscape , exterior , decks , interior -RRB- , it was difficult to use ... and yea theres plenty of better programs out there
 Do n't buy this product unless your yard is totally flat . You do not have the ability to elevate your plants therefore they end up below ground .
 This is a program that seems to have so much , but then you find all of these stupid limitations that suggest the program was never `` play tested '' . These limitations have made it almost useless to get what you need . Examples -LRB- in no particular order -RRB- :1 . With the CAD tools , you can not `` group '' graphic items like you would be able to do with any simple drawing program -LRB- let alone CAD -RRB- .2 . The screen can show the `` grid '' spacing , but you can not make a floorplan printout with the grid , which can be very useful for visuallizing and making hand sketches .3 . The furniture tool is worthless . You can create 3D objects , but there is no way to specify their size -LRB- no menu you can acess to enter dimensions , not even on-screen rulers so you can see it -RRB- .4 . When you use the ruler tool , you can show the lengths on your floorplans . However , if you print a floorplan with these rulers , they are not scaled correctly with the rest of the drawing , so they give incorrect information for dimensions .5 . You can not export drawings into a useful format -LRB- e.g. no GIF , JPG , etc. -RRB- that you could then import into other programs .6 . It is next to impossible to specify different wall thicknesses . You can customize a wall thickness , but then when you have a wall that connects to that another wall , the program automatically groups them together and makes the thicknesses the same for both . Yet another example where there is just no need to do this .7 . You can not specify lengths that are a fraction of an inch . Everything is rounded to the nearest inch . I do n't think it would have been that difficult to specify the variable as a floating point rather than an integer . But the programmers once again did n't think about it . In the real world , there are items and walls with lengths that have fractions of an inch .
 The box is pretty , and there seem to be many features and functions , it just HAS to be good , right ? Wrong!Just try and resize a wall . Or move it . It will always shrink to one grid unit less than you drew it . OK , so just drag it longer . Oh , darn , the other wall has shrunk now ! Do this a few times , and the house will end up in the wrong place . Try and shift it whole , and you guessed it - the whole thing shrinks!The only update on the website is to v3 .5.1 , yet I seem to have v3 .5.2 already ?! Nothing in the discussion groups except a few allusions to `` walls do n't always go in the right place '' . My guess is that most customers did what I did
 I purchased this program first in 1998 . It was outstanding as a sales lead tool . You could input the SIC -LRB- Standard Industrial Code -RRB- and retrieve listings of business leads . You could then import them into Streets Plus seamlessly , and it would generate a map with how ever many businesses you saved in your worksheet . This produced a `` connect the dots '' travel route on one page , and made it unbelievably easy to plan a sales day filled with 10 - 12 calls , with the most efficient route . `` Windsheild time '' was cut down by about 70 % . Unfortunately , they dropped the mapping feature on this latest version , and they also now limit the amount of leads you can actually access to about 3,000 which is a hummingbird egg compared to the old ostrich egg . The remaining names have to be purchased through a download at an unreasonable price in my opinion . What a shame . I am now in search of another program .
 This product caused nothing but problems for me and my system from the time I unpacked it from the box . After trying to install it and hours on technical support , I had to completely format my hard drive and re-install windows to get my system up and running again . After asking for a refund from the manufacturer , I sent the software back to them ... . that was 4 weeks ago , still no refund .
 I primarily got this software in order to burn CDs . The only problem is that it does not recognize my CD-R/RW . I went to their websight for help , and all there was was a place to send an e-mail . Well I sent an e-mail telling Macmillian what was wrong . I did n't hear back from them so I called their tech support line , I waited on hold for TWO HOURS , and still never got through to a person . I finaly got a reply for my e-mail today , a week after I sent it , and they told me I needed to download an update . I downloaded it , but when I try to run it it says I dont have the software on my system and shuts down . This has just been one head-ache after another .
 For residential use as a national directory , this software may be helpful , but I would never , ever recommend it to a small business . It 's not network compatible and the ability to export or print only a limited number of names makes it useless . The company 's rate of 8 cents per additional name is outrageous .
 Select Phone 2000 was grossly misrepresented by InfoUSA . Using the internal `` Workbook '' to store data for the purpose of printing labels does n't provide the ability to print more than 3000 records , contrary to what InfoUSA stated . Their surcharge for more records is outrageous .
 You are limited to printing 5000 records and then they charge you an additional 8 cents per record . You also can not eliminate duplicate records . So printing a lable for a household with three residents costs you 24 cents . When I called the company to get additional records , I was quoted widely varying prices for the additional records . It apeared that they were charging what ever they could get .
 This is a great product if the company using it wants limited control over , not just design , but also functionality . I bought this product with the assumption that it would help me to better design and control my ecommerce sight and as the book tells it , grow . The control is primarily a place called www.ecplace.com . This product should be advertised as an ecommerce interface to a third party vendor to market your ecommerce sight . When attempting to use the created product I found this ecplace site controls the transactions . Also , the enquiry form was actually at www.ecplace.com , even though while building the site or reading the book makes no mention that the product is sharing pages with a company on the net . I give this software a very low mark for the fact that it should be advertised as an interface and not a true ecommerce production tool . Smells of follow on expenses that small or new businesses does n't need . I would stay clear of it .
 Borland has now released JBuilder Enterprise version 8 , making this product severly outdated and overpriced .
 If you are able to read MacAddict 's review of this , please know that they are right on the money ! This program , though it includes thousands of graphics , is not worth buying . It is difficult to use . It 's method of use is far from conventional . The workspace is too small . It is difficult to create things . My mother and I are still trying to become accustomed to it after several weeks of trying to make things work properly . We seriously still laugh at how rediculously difficult it is to use .
 I returned this product because it was NOT MACINTOSH compatible !
 As an experienced AutoCAD user I HATE this product . I bought it to have some simple and legal cad software for my home . It has some cool features but it is so unlike any other cad package -LRB- and I have used several -RRB- that I became extremely frustated with it.Don ' t buy this as an entry level package - it is a dead end package . Your `` skills '' with this package will not be transferable to the `` real world '' . I am going on e-bay next to try and dump this -LSB- garbage -RSB- and buy Autosketch or anything that is not this .
 For the price , this is a good little program . I used it for small project layout designs . They are fairly professional looking but the program has many limitations . Layering and layering with colors seems to be a major problem . The manual was next to worthless , but if you want to toy around and dont want ot spend money on something like AutoCad , then this is a fine program - just dont expect to be designing the space shuttle on it .
 This is the worst collection of images I have ever purchased . First , there is a catalog included with the software , but it only shows thumbnails of sample images - NOT the images included on the software . For example , the catalog lists photos in categories Objects III and Objects VII . However , on the CD 's included , the only Objects categories you receive are I , II , and VIII . Of course , the one photo I really needed was in the catalog , but not included on the CD 's . This is extremely deceiving.Also , the CD 's contain categories called Portraits of People I-XV . This sounds very promising for finding faces to use in artwork . However , many of the folders for each of these categories only contain 1 or 2 photos and 98 % of the photographs are of scantily clad women . This coupled with the other categories , Women Mystique and Lovely Ladies , really made me feel that I was looking at soft porn . Finally , there is no rhyme or reason to their categories . One folder may have 2 photos of women on the beach in bikinis and the 3rd photo is of a 10 year old dressed like a cowgirl . Very frustrating trying to find anything . Do not recommend at all if you are looking for photos . However , if you want partially naked women , in extremely cheesy shots , then this is the collection for you .
 As a stand-alone product , this effort is n't really worth even the modest purchase price . In truth , the images are available on the larger Corel Galleries , and you 'll feel better spending a little bit more money for a lot more images . In and of themselves , the images here are a little too random and whimsical to be of use in most situtations . They would complement a larger collection of more obviously useful images , however , enhancing the value of that larger work .
 This says that it will work on a Mac , but it would n't run at all on my IMac . Nancy
 I purchased Corel Draw 9.0 to make maps , text , and graphics . I find it hard to use , and incompatible with most of the commercial printers I use.I have not been impressed with their customer service to correct problems inherent in my software . It 's been 36 hours since I 've tried to resolve why my software wo n't mirror , and I still do n't have an answer .
 I have never used any graphic software and only new to computers also -LRB- 1 1/2 yrs . -RRB- so keep this in mind . I have been a photographer for a long time and also paint . CorelDraw9 .0 . I purchased the upgrade as I had a limited version 7.0 . The 9.0 is better , but photopaint is cumbersome , awkward and the text that is provided is confusing and poorly organized . There is also a text -LRB- Libraries Catalog -RRB- that list -LRB- visual representation -RRB- all of the clip art and fonts . That is good , however , it is also poorly organized . Finding things is time consuming and an eye sore . You would expect to find information on the program installation and customazainton at the begining of the text , but it is near the end of the book and is not clearly referenced in the index . The text jumps around too much , and constantly tells you about features but then says `` this is discussed in Chapter 8 '' and you are in chapter 2 , for example . You get lost . The `` Draw '' program appears to be better . I am not experienced enough to comment on this and have not used it too much . It is also a bit confusuing , but much less . The program uses plenty of memory . I have 128mb and it chokes or locks sometimes -LRB- windows 98 -RRB- . Two more points . If you need tech support you will be calling Canada . International phone rates apply . There is no e mail support . I was directed to news groups . There support on the web is a joke . Also , save money . The UPGRADE INSTALLS WITHOUT ANY PREVIOUS COREL . FACT ! . Nor do you need to enter the key . Read the box . There is no mention to the fact that a previous version is needed . You can save hundreds of dollars . I guess this is cheating . But I have little respect for most software manufactures . So if you feel I am wrong and imoral -LRB- or stealing -RRB- in regard to this than by all means buy the full version . There is a second patch out for the program , the first was 12 + mb , the second is a wopping 30 + mb . $ 10.00 to have them send a cd for their mistakes . Outrageous . So you need to download 32mb . At 28.8 kbs -LRB- ~ 6 min per meg -RRB- Well over 3 hours . That is all .
 I did not try the music or video options , since I only save data , to be precise , the chapters of the books I am writing . I am trying to find a program to let me save on cd - rw disks instead of the smaller floppies . However , if you save it on the disk with this you can not add more chapters , or anthing else , because it only allows files to be saved once , and once only . If you use only , say , 5mb on a 700 mb disk , you are informed that there is no more room on the disk . It will only save things as read-only , so you can never add on or edit .
 I bought this hopping mac would come up with a good server program for there powerful computers . This wasnt the case . I was running this on a dual G4 800 Mhz with 512 MB of ram on a T3 , and it seemed very sluggish to anyone who used it . It was easy to set up , but there were not many opptions to customize your server . If you want a much better server try Windows 2000 Server , which is 10x better than this .
 This program advertises synchornization right on the cover but after an hour of trying and reading the limited directions i came across this little gem of information . This is a direct quote from the instructions . `` FYI
 I have long been a fan of 3D Home Architect and have used my old version to design a dozen units of housing , usually on my own but with a professional architect 's assistance on a few.This month I sat down to redesign my kitchen and , seeing that the copyright date on my old software -LRB- version 3 -RRB- was 1999 , was inspired to try out the newly released 3D HDS8 . My experience with the new product has been frustrating , disappointing , and time-consuming . I feel sympathy for the software developers
 I bought this application almost two weeks ago . I already had a rough design for my blue prints from another program . I am still trying to imput all the measurements . This program is jerky . Precise measurements are almost impossible . For example . When I tried putting the corner tub unit in . it would either go pass the wall , stop before touching the wall . If it finally touched the wall it would flip so the entrance was facing the wrong direction . Pretty much the only way to align items is to zoom in as much as you can , Even then it is almost impossible . All the bells and whistle , like being able to fly through the house for a visaul representation are not worth getting . You almost have no control in the way they designed the movement options . The only way this program should be marketed is free-ware . It absolutely SUCKS !!!!
 I tried to use this program to visualize some proposed renovations to my home - and gave up in frustration before I could even enter the existing first floor . This program lives in some weird fantasy world where kitchen cabinets only come in a few allowable sizes , windows are all custom made , stairs decide their own rise rate , and pocket doors are never placed in walls with other intersecting walls -LRB- to name a few -RRB- . I 'll be starting from scratch with another software package ... What a huge waste of time .
 I was hoping to use this product to help me remodel my 87 year old home . It looked great and had `` lots of extras '' , but there is almost too much detail , for example you can not just draw a wall , you have to choose what type of material it is made out of and how thick it is . There is so much detail that it seems more like a high end CAD program than something for a basic home design program . That would be good if it had some of the features of a high end CAD program ... like blueprints , or output to a plotter , but it does not . The `` cool '' features that make this a `` flashy '' program are such a pain to try to get to work correctly they render themselves worthless , because they are so cumbersome to use . For the price I am very disappointed . It is like paying for a Mercedes Benz and ending up with a car that look good , but has a hamster for an engine and only drives forward and only turns to the left so you spend so much time trying to figure out how to get where you want to be , you end up walking . I 'm going back to a pencil , a ruler and graph paper .
 I have used 3D Home Architect v3 somewhat painfully but successfully in designing extensions to my house 7 years ago . Now I need to redesign my kitchen , so I said to myself
 First of all , I 'm trying to find Bible study software currently . All I 've found previously from various companies is archaic and made me just stick with the ample hard copy reference library I already have . But the Logos demos -LRB- that 's right ... I 'm not an owner ... yet -RRB- look absolutely amazing ! So why the bad marks from someone who owns neither ? The answer is because you can purchase the updated version of the Scholar 's Silver -LRB- the Plus version -RRB- Library from the Logos company itself FOR THE SAME PRICE . Logos 4 Scholar 's Silver library has approximately reference 770 books in it . I 'm not sure what the Logos Scholar 's version 3 has , but you can contact the seller for that info . Plus , this past Christmas season , Logos dropped 20 % for the season . I missed the boat because I just started looking and could n't round up the funds for it . But , who knows ? They might drop the price again this coming year . I 'm not sure if I can wait , but maybe you can . Regardless , If you 're going to drop $ 1K , it might as well be on the updated version from the company itself . Sorry seller ! You might want to drop the price and recup some of your loss .
 Maybe Logos Software would be good if they made an interface which actually worked , or did n't create a default ` home ' page which FORCES YOUR REAL NAME to be on it , and which also FORCES ADVERTISING which you ca n't opt out of . Maybe if that interface did n't have arcane ` layouts ' , and tabs which ca n't differentiate between different sections of the same book in their ` library ' , it might be good.Since Big Kittel is not available as a standalone package in software anywhere else but Logos , I bought it maybe two years ago . Unfortunately , I was stuck with their horrible , incompetent interface . Not to mention , their proprietary keyboard and stupid need to remember Strong 's codes to look up Greek or Hebrew words . So I was stuck with the unwanted ads , the grimy need to wait a good five minutes for the lone Kittel to load , and above all the insane REINSTALLATION if , God forbid , I wanted to run the same dictionary from one of my other machines.That reinstallation takes almost an hour ; it wo n't allow you to repair or install to the same location as previously , so then you have lost all your old stuff , since it wo n't read the old stuff . And it goes into glitches . God forbid you do n't want to be on the internet for installation or re-installation . You 're not allowed that , oh no.Same applies when they ` update ' your previously-installed Logos interface software . They wipe out your program settings , and you are bludgeoned with all their ads on the home page again . Which means you spend the next half hour trying to remember how to dismember the ads . And of course , you can only dismember SOME of the ads.Is this Christlike ? No . It 's Madison-Avenue like . Totally incompetent.You ca n't change the interface to your Windows colors , and are stuck with GLARE WHITE and GLARE BLUE . Your ability to change fonts is limited . The settings you can change are limited.I pity anyone using Logos . I 'll stick with BibleWorks any day . BW has far superior language resources , not all cluttered with ` commentary ' made by spiritual babies which the non-discerning consider spiritual . But BibleWorks did n't have TDNT.So that 's why this is rated 1 star . The only good thing about it , is TDNT.Lest you say , ` why so negative , brainout ? How Christlike is that ? ' If one does n't call out what 's wrong , then one is likewise guilty of it , 2John11 . Kinda like being an accessory to the act . This is a bad interface . It should be fixed . Christ did n't shy away from saying why the Pharisees were wrong , in John 6-8 . We should call attention to error so it can be fixed . No problem , making mistakes , we all do , every day . Big problem , to cover up mistakes . Costs money to everyone , costs time and loss of doctrinal time is a cost no one can afford . This interface costs that time . So it should be noted -- and many have complained about it , I 'm not the only one -- noted , and then fixed . THAT is the Christlike thing to do .
 I brought the program because I had Easy Media 5 and was happy with it . Unfortunately this package seems to have a lot of problems . My first was loading - it seemed to take forever to load into my system which is a 1 year old Dell 2.4 Ghz system . Next it runs very slow . I did not have too much trouble dragging and dropping slides into the package to make a DVD slide show , but when I hit the burn button it took over 40 minutes for the program to complete the burning process . During this process , my screens were partially opening and freezing , like they used to do years ago with the early versions of windows when you did not have enough memory . Well I finally got the product , popped it into my DVD player and the slides are all fuzzy . I put this down to TV screen resolution till I took the DVD back to my computer and ran it there . I had the same result - fuzzy pictures , which seemed to be shimmying on my screen . I was very disappointed . To make matters worse , this DVD of about 250 slides was made from a selection of about 1700 slides which I very carefully loaded into the system . When I tried to open these files again to re burn the DVD , I found out that none of the files was accessable . I could see them on the slide show files , but when I tried to drag them into a new production , the computer could not find them . I have contacted customer service , but it is now 5 days and counting , without anything but a `` we got your message '' message.So , I would say , if you have a lot of time to wait around while the burner burns and you do n't care so much about quality , then this is a product for you . Otherwise look elsewhere . PC World rates the Ahead Nero 6 pretty good , I guess I will give that a try .
 Well ... I do n't know how to describe this piece of crap . It is not like it is not working or something like that . I have n't tried everything this software offers . What I have tried works . It is ... It is just ... It runs slow with all those fancy looking skin and crap like that . It uses alot of memory . It does n't crash much but my computer just having problem restarting or rebooting all the time after I installed this thing . It does n't support WMA lossless format ; and it does n't support filenames written in another language . The Help system -LRB- F1 -RRB- does n't work in my computer for some unknown reason.On the positive side , this thing works . It is easy to use . Everything is integrated nicely . The skin looks good too . You can cut out an object from a photo . The PhotoDoctor -LRB- or something like that -RRB- is amazing . You can also edit music files other than in WAV format.On the other hand , it offers alot but everything is very basic and s-l-o-w . I am very happy with EZCD Creator 5 and 6 . If you are going to buy EMC7 , make sure you upgrade your computer to P4 ... maybe 3.4 MHz with at least 1 gig of memory and a huge hard disk.Mine is P4 2.8 Mhz with 512 Meg of memory and a 120 gig hard disk .
 This program is terrible . I 've installed every version Roxio -LRB- Adaptec -RRB- has created and this by far sucks the most . I continued to use the program even after I noticed it was much slower than version 6 . However , after installing the `` patch '' to version 7.0.1.34 or whatever number it was every video file and DVD I owned played so dark in any media player that I could n't even see the video . Luckily I had a hunch that Roxio 7 was the problem and just uninstalled it , instead of re-doing my entire system . I 'm now back to version 6.2 . xxx.xxx and will stay there until they fix their problems with 7 . I 've never seen a company that allows such noticeable problems to be released to the public . I guess they 've never heard of beta testing .
 I bought this product to create DVD movies . However the quality of the DVD moives are much poorer than the original DV tapes.But if you buy this product for other purposes , it might be a good choice . And that is why I give it a `` two starts `` Roxio is a great company and refund all my money back with a painful process . So that I would suggest to purchase a download version if you would like to try it out by yourself .
 Throughly disappointing ! Read through the support comments - how much time can people afford to waste . Twice I have returned the product . I called customer service - voice mail and they want $ 35 an hour to support the product that wo n't install on Windows XP , 60 MB and 1.6 mgz.Finally had to return the software for a refund - 4 to 6 weeks turn time . Time to cut my losses . Will have to think hard before buying Roxio again .
 I have purchased this product elsewhere but have taken the precaution of reading the Amazon.com reviews prior to installation.It seems to me that all genuine reviews provided here are mostly negative but the overall number of is bloated with positive reviews by people with some hidden agenda.I will NOT now be installing this programme.The only question left is '' Why does Amazon.com Stock the product ? `` If it LOOKS like a DOG - and SMELLS like a DOG , then ... IT IS A DOG !
 There may be many media ootions with this product , but I can not tell you how many CD-R discs I 've had to throw away because of problems in creating them . Not exactly user friendly .
 Is n't is strange that all of the 5 star reviews for this product are written with perfect grammar and spelling ? And also , on ALL of the 5 star reviews , if you click the button `` see my other reviews '' , how many other reviews are there ?? NONE ! All there is is the review of roxios media creator . Try this on any 5 star review and you 'll see what i mean . If Roxio has to resort to THIS to give their product a good name , I think i 'll search elsewhere
 I bought a DVD-R/W drive that came with Nero OEM . That software locked up my system -LRB- perhaps partly my fault -RRB- and I round filed it.Replaced it with Roxio MC 7 . Took about 20 minutes to install the 300MB program . Then , although I was able to make an audio CD , the software rebooted my computer when I pressed `` print '' in the label creator - not a complex thing . Tried 2 more times - both times it rebooted my system.Used the `` update '' choice in the utility module to down load a 120MB -LRB- ! -RRB- patch . Took about 1/2 hour to install the patch -LRB- it has 2 built in false starts -RRB- and it also reloads the program.So , 2 hours later , I could print labels successfully , and copy my homemade DVD -LRB- the desired task -RRB- - in about 25 minutes -LRB- due mostly to 4X drive speed ? -RRB- This is not a true Windows program - there is no `` About '' option to even check the exact version you have.The program itself seems to be a collection of modules that are united under the `` Media Creator Home '' main screen . On the main screen , individual tasks are grouped by general application , such as `` Audio '' or `` Photo '' , as well as having the different applications listed below - so it is a bit redundant , but perhaps helpful to have the quick list of things that can be done , as well as the individual apps . You can close any of the sections , however , so if you want to hide the `` tasks '' section you can . When you click on any application module , the main window goes away , replaced by a bitmap graphic saying `` please wait - loading component '' , then the component window pops up . Finish the component , then that window goes away , the graphic comes up , then the main screen comes back . Repeat for every link ... Doodled around in Videowave , which actually seems to be kind of nice . You can join video clips -LRB- and edit them to any length for the presentation -RRB- , add transitions between them , add captions for any length of time , narrations , etc and other things . The output size is relatively large , however - mine ended up about 90 megs for a 2 minute clip made from three sections of mpg , -LRB- which totalled about 25 MB -RRB- It also saves the `` project '' -LRB- clips , sound bites , etc -RRB- with a . dmsm extension -LRB- 500k -RRB- as well so you can do more things with it.Doodled in the DVD creator and made a `` mini DVD '' onto a CD.So , it 's a bit clunky and tedious , but it did my major tasks , and may have some fun in it .
 This program crashes . There is no phone support without paying . I emailed support regarding the program crashing and I got some template reply that had nothing to do with my problem . Buying this product is throwing money down the drain . From reading some comments about it , apparently the program has conflicts with other media programs . So goodbye Roxio .
 Beware !!!! You will spend all day editing photos and video and not accomplish much . We have Windows XP , 3.0 GHz , 512MB RAM , 120 GB HD . Everything else runs smoothly and quickly except this program . This was my first digital media software . I should have done more research . Since then I have switched to Pinnacle Studio Version 9 for video editing -- I highly recommend this alternative . Currently , I am looking for another photo editor . Do n't waste your money on Roxio Easy Media Creator 7 like I did . Aside from it 's slowness , the program itself is mediocre at best .
 Roxio has an update available that provides support for dual layer DVD burning . However this update is available ONLY for retail boxed versions of Roxio 7 , not the download versions such as what you buy from Roxio 's own store . Moral of the story
 I used Roxio Easy CD Creator 5 flawlessly while running Windows 98SE . Burning CD 's was fun and easy while transfering and saving data to formatted Roxio Direct CD 's was absolutely no problem . Then , I traded in my `` old '' computer running 98SE for the newest PC running Windows XP . First , I discovered that the Easy Creator 5 software would not `` recognize '' the two Lite-On DVD combination drives installed in my new computer . Roxio was no longer offering driver updates and support for the 5.0 version so my only alternative was to upgrade ; hence I purchased Easy Media Creator 7 . Much to my dismay I discovered that the many CD-RW 's of documents and photos I stored on DirectCD 5.0 were not compatible with Creator 7.0 . Roxio support sent me an e-mail saying I would have to re-format my disks and re-save the data under the new Creator 7.0 format . When I try to burn music files to CD-R , all I get from Easy Creator 7.0 is an unable to copy message due to an `` unknown error '' . When I try to save MS Word or Excel documents to CD-RW 's formatted with Easy 7.0 , I get messages saying there is `` not enought space on the disk . '' When I use Adobe Photoshop Elements 2 and try to save family photos to Easy 7.0 formatted disks , I get a message saying the directory is full and I should choose another drive or directory . After downloading the latest driver updates from Roxio and doing a system restart , my screen went totally blank and the entire computer froze up . After shutting down power to the entire system and doing another re-boot , I was finally able to get it up and running . In total frustration , I have deleted the entire Easy Media Creator 7.0 from my Windows XP OS . Basically , I flushed about $ 80 down the toilet for software that is totally useless . My computer store vendor told me to stay with the Sonic software that came pre-loaded on the XP and I should have listened to his advice ! Hey , Roxio , how could you screw up my computer so badly with Easy Media Creator 7.0 when you had such an excellent product in Easy Media Creator 5.0 ???
 I upgraded from Roxio 5 to Roxio 7 and it has been terrible . When I start my computer it keeps trying to reinstall again and again . According to the Roxio support page that has been a problem for awhile . Also , it is annoying to have to keep changing screen resolution when using this program . I have uninstalled it and will not use it again . A waste of money . Think twice before buying this one .
 Slide show creator module is inferior to the Video Impressions -LRB- Arcsoft -RRB- included in the Roxio 5 . I never could get the Sound Module to work ; I had to record using Windows Creative Recorder and then import . If you 're using 600x800 screen resolution for other programs , you 'll have to switch to higher resolution each time you access Roxio 7 . I do n't understand what all the 4 and 5 star reports found so useful ; I notice most of the faorable ones were written early in the year .
 The video editing part of this software is completely useless . It did n't come with a manual and I ended up buying on my own a book about how to use it . It has n't made a difference . The software is completely uncooperative . My computer more than meets the minimum requirements for running the program . If you bought this software for the video editing , I recommend using the disc as a drinks coaster and buying something else .
 This would probably be a pretty good piece of software if it actually worked . I installed EMC7 on my new computer , but almost all of the applications -LRB- such as DVD builder and VideoWave -RRB- fail to even launch . I 've spent many hours with Roxio 's -LRB- feeble -RRB- technical support and on their discussion groups and tried many of their suggested fixes -LRB- including their new updates -RRB- but nothing helped . I could understand this software not working on an old computer with inadequate specs , but it should work on a new computer that far exceeds the minimum specs . This has been a complete waste of time and money . I think I 'll try Nero instead .
 EMC 7 burns CDs nicely.But , wow , essentially fraudulent product support!This software does not make the kind of slide shows the earlier versions do - but they do n't tell you this , and they are not answering my inquiries -LRB- the ones they say they will answer within a few days - it 's been 2 months now , many inquiries from me , and ZERO responses from Roxio ! -RRB- . I just what to know if they 've dropped this software , or I 'm missing something.I can not make a CD slide show where the slide show , with a full screen view , is launced as soon as someone puts a CD into there PC - but where the CD contains the original . jpeg files - for my friends who what to printout high resolution copies.All it seems I can do is creat a goofy video slide show - where the images play back in small windows , and the images are not available on the CD.Lousy , and they wo n't even tell me just what the deal is . Their web site LOOKS nice , but does n't give me any real help - just wastes my time looking for answers that do n't come.I guess they have my money already.Those good reviews must have been written by the Roxio people !? Steve V.
 I have used Easy Media Creator since version 4 , when it was called just Adaptec Easy Creator . Since , I am a video editor & tv news photographer by trade I am aware of the limitations of all-in-one programs that try to be all things through the over used word of `` convergence '' ! I basically use this type of program for its ability to make drag & drop disc and music cd 's . However in this latest version it is not happy with just doing its job , but takes over your system making itself the main program for all media , especially in the programs use of `` Drag to Disc '' . By doing this it prevents a program designed to convert DVD-Ram video into MPEG files from working . It is this Microsoft like mentality , of we know best that hurts and turns a otherwise good program into an expensive problem . Customer Support has gone from excellent back in the version 4 days to useless . Bottom line as a one stop program for all your needs it is great if this is what you are looking for , but once the program starts to interfere with other programs by blocking their access to drives it becomes a problem . In version 5 Direct CD never hijacked controll of the system at the expensive of other specialzed software on your system . Customer service really needs to get on the ball and remember that alienated customers do n't buy new versions of software or stay loyal if treated poorly ! Programs like this need a option that totally disables programs that take control of optical drives by default .
 This would not install on my new computer with windows xp . I tried and tried finally gave up and purchased Nero and it works great so no more Roxy Products for me .
 This product can not write a DVD on my Dell which can be read by any of my DVD players . No help from Roxio support . All my other burning software works just fine.Save your money .
 I purchased this program mainly for the slideshow feature and then decided it would be nice to have all the other compenents as well . BAD DECISION ! The program is slow -LRB- and I have a very new computer -RRB- , it hangs up , it has a mind of its own when creating the timing for the picture and the transition , have to change the screen resolution in order for the program to work , and on and on . The worst part is that technical support is horrible - I would send an email and 14 days later get a response ! And , if you want to call they charge ! I 'm moving on to something else and will not buy a Roxio product again .
 Do you know if u ever need to get support , or to download a patch for your paid Roxio software , registration IS required from their website ?! Yes everytime you need an software update/patch , you need to login with password . Registration needs an valid email address and your ROXIO software key . Thanks to this COMPULSORY registration I need to keep record for one more login/password combination . And Pray that you do n't loose your cd key.BTW if your cdburner came with a bundle Roxio Easy creator , forget any update / support from roxio since you dont get a cd key . Somehow this is one evil way ROXIO try to get your business . if one day you upgrade your operating system and need to update for the bundle roxio software , you have to BUY the retail version Easy Creator .
 The product would not install on any one of 4 machines -LRB- all running flavors of XP -RRB- . Being a competent PC user , I went about fixing the problem . I was stopped dead in my tracks at customer support , there is no easy way to get support from them . After about 45 minutes on their web site I retuned the product . Nero works really well !
 Once I figured this software out , I was able to do a slideshow of my pictures , integrate video , and produce a decent DVD . Only problem is , it distorts all my video footage by forcing it into 4:3 whereas my DVD camcorder shoots in 16:9 . This sucks . I have been buying other software packages ever since trying to get my video to stay in 16:9 . Roxio support did e-mail me back with the blanket statement that it does n't support 16:9 at this time . Even in the new 7.5 version . Roxio needs to join the rest of us in 2005 and bring their software to be compatible in widescreen .
 I have had countless problems since installing this software . The software did not work properly , so I uninstalled and reloaded it . This did not fix the problem . Worse yet , installing the Roxio software also messed up my Windows Media Player somehow . I e-mailed Roxio about the problem and got no reply . So then I Googled the error message I get whenever I insert a cd , and I found a message board where many people have posted complaints about the same problem . Evidently , the best response anybody got from Roxio was
 The video-editing component of this package , Video Wave , worked great for me for about a year , but it has recently turned into a NIGHTMARE ! The audio is anywhere between 2 and 4 seconds out of sync with the video , and after trying everything I 'm convinced that its a problem with the code . A quick product search will show others who have had similar problems . I would STAY AWAY !
 I bought version 7 yesterday . I am self employed and make DVD 's and books containing Photographic Family Biographies , DVD slideshows , and converted home movies . I also do a lot of photo restoration but use specialized software for this . I previously used Version 6 for making DVD 's . First problem - No user guide included with Version 7 . Version 6 had a 400 page book and I still use it for reference . I ca n't believe that they would do away with a users guide!Second Problem - Without any documentaion telling me to do otherwise and to prevent congesting my registry I removed Version 6 prior to installing Version 7 . Version 7 will not open projects I made with DVD builder Version 6 as recently as two days ago - tremendously frustrating disapointment and potential loss.Third Problem - It is not similar enough to Version 6 to enable a proficient user to get up and running quickly ; again no manual to provide help , and the tutorial is nothing more than a pathetic introduction only.Fourth Problem - I just bought it and it is new software but requires an update / download that is 120mb in size , that is an 8 hour download using a dial up connection and it stopped 4 hours through the first time . This update on CD should be offerred to customers for no additional cost.Fifth problem - insufficient product support ; did n't autoregister , no toll free number to call , You can talk to a computer answering program called Roxann but this is not a substitute for being able to communicate with a real person.In conclusion , after having thoughts to seek out a third party book on using this product and being unable to open DVD projects made on Version 6 , unable to even find the video intro clip that adds professionalism to the DVD 's , I am absolutely disgusted . I ca n't return the open product , am out $ 108 , have wasted many hours of my time , and will lose a lot more if I ca n't reload V6 and recover projects as old as 2 days !!! While I was not completely satisfied with Version 6 I wish that I would have either done nothing or bought Nero software . At least I could tell they have a book included with their product !
 Could not evaluate the product for DVD Builder and had limited success with VideoWave component . I am a previous user of Creator 6 which at least installed and functions properly . I have a Win 2K system with all the latest software patches . System is very stable and reliable , but when I first installed this product the DVD and Video components would n't load . There were no error messages , it just left me back were I started . I downloaded the latest patch to the software -LRB- 50 MB -RRB- from Roxio and that at least fixed the Video component startup problem . I tried contacting tech support but need a TSID # . Guess what , their email based tech service system repeatedly told me that the TSID number I supplied -LRB- from the CD envelope -RRB- was not in their database ! I sent of a request to address the TSID problem and have n't heard back yet . The auto reply message they delived back to me showed a truncated version of my original email to them so I am not even sure if they even got the full text I sent them . Are there any engineers at Roxio that actually try to act like a real customer and use their system ? I think not.Having invested $ 100 dollars already and considerable time , I decided to press on an started working with the Video editor . The feature set seems OK , but when previewing mpg files taken from a DVD created by a Sony DCR-DVD 200 , there was no sound . Also tried to create a movie to disk -LRB- DVD format -RRB- but that hung after about 20 seconds of processing . If the product was n't so buggy and the support infrastructure did n't seem so dysfunctional , this might be a decent product . Looks like I will be going back to the 6.0 version and hopefully they will get their act together soon . I have tried other video software , and so far there are either usability or video quality problems with every product I tried . This seems like very immature technology .
 Review
 It seems like Roxio is going MS way in just renewing their software with mostly name and model without a real imporvment . I have been using Easy CD Creator 5 then 6 and recently tried 7 . There is a conflict between Windows Media Player 9 and Roxio software -LRB- both 6 and 7 -RRB- . After installing Roxio , WMP will not work properly . It will close and you will receive an error message related to one of Roxio dll files -LRB- mpeg2vidcodec.dll -RRB- if you remove this file , your WMP will work again but then you can not burn DVD using Roxio . You ca n't even view the mpeg files in Roxio to edit or prepare it for burning . Live support costs money ! after you pay for this software . Amazing ! You pay them to have trouble by getting their software and then you should pay them to talk about the problem they caused . Smarth way of making money . I doubt if you can find this easily on their web site either . The only reason I tried 7 after 6 was just my hope to get a bug free software . Now I wish I never got it . If you are looking for a good video editing software , try Ulead Moviefactory 3 . You will love it comparing to Roxio Media Creator 7 . My 2 star is just because of other part of their software which is mostly same as previous versions . If you buy it just for DVD and video recording , consider Ulead . Good luck
 Same gripes as everyone - once they 've got your money forget any notion of customer support . There is n't any . The program forces you install AT LEAST 277MB of unnecessary , additional programs . For example , I had to install Roxio 's 31MB Roxio Player , a DVD player utilility . This on a computer without a DVD drive . Ditto the Media Manager , Storyboard , etc. , etc. . All-in-all , this is a fat product with lousy performance , non-existent customer support and one for which there are a number of superior alternatives . Personally , I 'm going to Nero and -LRB- like everyone else -RRB- will never buy a Roxio product again .
 I do n't know if Roxio has fixed any of the nightmarish problems of previous versions , but you might want to read user reviews before you purchase any software from this company . Caveat emptor -- Easy CD Creator 5 Platinum cost me 100 $ and will not install , nor will it update . It used to install , and then the engine would fail . There are better ways to waste hours of your time than trying to figure out why software does n't work . Cut and run to NERO !!
 this software came with my computer but after some time this software was formating data cd to music cd in for real player . at last i had kick this software and i am so happy . now i am using nero which is is world class software . do n't buy this software ever at any cost . and if it is coming with your 's computer do n't use it . use nero
 I have Direct CD and Easy CD creator from Adaptec V4 .5 or so . This program works fine so when Roxio , who bought the rights to these programs offered me the new Roxio version , I took it and it destroyed the Direct CD possibilities . Since I use this Direct CD feature as a drag and drop for my backups and as a 750 meg hard drive , I feel that this new Roxio porogram is a no-no for those who have the old Adaptec one.Since I have only tried it once , I have to say , use caution and have a good backup handy .
 I tried five times to author a DVD . Each time the visual quality was awful , and the audio was totally out of synch . Tech support is almost non-existent . I switched to Sonic MyDVD and it worked flawlessly the first time.Burning regular Audio CDs is fine , but any program can do that . I would stay away from this bloated package .
 Roxio has no interest , it seems , to supply its customers with a good quality product . So many glitches , bugs , and problems occur with this company 's products that I 'm surprised -LRB- and a little disappointed -RRB- that they have n't gone under . Look at Nero or some other company for this kind of software .
 I believe that anyone that gives this software more than one star , probably works for Roxio .
 This is the buggiest software I have EVER purchased and believe me , I have blown a lot of dough on all different kinds of products . Free software works better than this . How is this company going to stay in business putting out crap like this . Shame on you , Mr. Roxio , SHAME ON YOU !
 I was extremely disappointed in this `` upgrade '' . I had Roxio 's Easy CD Creator 5 and loved it . That product allowed you to easily arrange your music on the dics , burn it , then create a lable or insert for the disc with almost no effort . Almost everything was intuitive.Creator 7 is a big step back in ease of use and utility . So they added a few new bells and whistles , so what ? The base use of this product is to make music cd 's and to create inserts . Arranging music is not as easy as it was before . And the insert creator is so frustrating to use I do n't bother.In fact , I have continued to use Creator 5 and have simply written off the fact I paid $ 100 for Creator 7 - for nothing!Now , with a computer upgrade , Creator 5 no longer works . I do n't dare try another Roxio product -LRB- just read the reviews for 7.5 and that appears to be a total waste of money -RRB- . I 'll be taking my chances on ANYTHING else ... not Roxio .
 This is the first time I 've been motivated to leave feedback on a product - it is THAT poor . The DVD builder - one of the main reasons I bought the package - is dire . You ca n't rename chapters -LRB- you need to be content with 1 , 2 , 3 etc -RRB- . The `` help '' function is farcical , and my PC spent four hours encoding the DVD I wrote , only to give the prompt `` Error '' . That 's right - no clue on the problem , whether it was a bug , or something I 'd done ... just `` error '' . The error was mine putting my trust in this shoddy waste of time.Avoid at all costs .
 I used the Roxio 6.0 software and loved it , HOWEVER the 7 Creator software is so slow , my 85 year old Aunt could run faster . It is buggy with XP software , crashes all the time and crashes sometimes in the middle of burning a CD . -LRB- ... -RRB- If I had kept my old software , I would have reinstalled it and not ever upgraded to the 7 software . If you are reading this and have a better recommedation , please let me know
 If you have read the sales hype from Roxio , you would be led to believe that Easy Media Creator 7 is the culmination of their many years in the CD/DVD burning business , i.e. , that here , in a single package , are all the features you will ever need in your multimedia creative efforts.Unfortunately , the opposite is true . Many critical features that were standard in their previous versions are now no longer available.As an example -LRB- which has n't been mentioned in the previous 85 reviews -RRB- , you can no longer create a bootable ` slipstream ' CD ; the options for doing this have been removed . In fact , all you can create is a 1.44 MHz floppy emulation . Anyone wanting to update their XP CD to include SP1 -LRB- or soon , SP2 -RRB- will be out of luck.Other features are missing as well . Many of the default choices are rather strange and need to be reset prior to burning each CD , as there is no way to save your normal settings.If all you want to do is to create/copy music/video media , this program might suit your needs . But as a total media solution -LRB- as Roxio claims -RRB- , it is lacking in so many areas that I feel it is not worthy of consideration.It is currently selling on Amazon at about half of its list price . That should be your first clue .
 About all I can say about this product is buggy , buggy , buggy . That aside , I was also rather put off by the licensing agreement . I 'm one of those weird people who actually read the EULA . The part that concerned me was the fact that the user ca n't sell any of the content - your own material - produced using this product without paying a -LRB- presumably huge -RRB- licensing fee to a third party . I 'm not talking about the music , movies or whatever that you 're burning to CD 's or DVD 's . I mean the software which converts , compresses or records the material into MPEG-2 , MP3 and so on.Now , about the bugs ... I have used Easy CD Creator 4 , 5 and a limited version of 6 for years with few if any problems . I bought Easy Media Creator 7 to replace the basic version of 6 that came with my Plextor drive . Big mistake ! It installed OK , but I went to open the program after the reboot and I got a message that my screen resolution was insufficient to run the application . I had to increase it from 800 x 600 to at least 1024 x 768 . This made the text too small to read comfortably -LRB- I 'm over 50 -RRB- so I reset the display to large fonts . Another warning ! Grrr ... I 'm NOT about to buy a new monitor just to use this program ! Somewhere along the line , the quick start icons in my task bar got stacked vertically and the clock began displaying the day and date , which together made the task bar about 2 inches high . I could n't change it back . I also noticed that I could no longer read any of the dozens of DirectCD -LRB- UDF -RRB- CD-RW disks that I have photos and other data stored on.I tried formatting a CD-RW with the new program . After watching the hourglass for several minutes without anything at all happening , I tried to abort the format . The computer froze . C'mon people , Windows XP just DOES N'T freeze ! I do n't have a junk computer , it happily runs old and new programs without a hitch . On the rare occasion a program does crash , it simply closes and everything else keeps going . Not this time!Reboot again . Uninstalled Easy Media Creator 7 and reinstalled . Same results . Got tired of looking at the huge task bar that I could n't fix , so I used the Win XP System Restore feature to bring the system back to the way it was a few days ago . That effectively de-registered the Roxio app . Deleted the directories it was in . I considered reinstalling it again , but reconsidered and put everything back in the box.I almost never return things that I buy but this software had me so completely frustrated that I just gave up on it . Fortunately , I bought it at a warehouse club store and they took it back so I was n't out the 70-some bucks . Unfortunately , I wo n't get back the time I wasted on the whole nightmare . Now , that 's a good 5 or 6 hours of my life I 'd like to have back ! I 've reinstalled ECDC 5 for music and data CD 's and I 'll look for something else to do DVD 's .
 I loaded the product into XP Pro and soon went to the website and found a 52 megabyte `` upgrade '' for the program package . I downloaded it over 5 hours and installed . I have had nothing but bugs and frustrating correspondence to deal with since then . I am uninstalling it and going back to my trusty CD Creator 5 platinum software .
 Got the box and the first thing I had to do was to update it . This took 3 hours . No manual in box like Creator 5 did . Help files more encyclopedic than ` how to ' . Could not use my TSID . Could not post messages to their discussion site . Response to email is worse than any I have used . Maybe it 's a good product if I can ever get to use it . Do n't understand the pleased reviews . Maybe I got a lemon . Creator 5 worked fine for me . Good luck if you buy the box , a download might be better . Hopefully that will be up to date and they would know you . It 's all I got so I will keep plugging . Hope you do better .
 I strongly recommend you stay as far away from Roxio Easy Media Creator as you can - not because it 's buggy -LRB- very -RRB- , but because of the response I received from Roxio 's customer support personnel.I purchased Roxio 's product last week , downloaded and installed the updates , yet have been utterly plagued by numerous bugs and system crashes so bad that I ca n't even ctrl-alt-del to the Task Manager.I 'm a highly experienced networking engineer who 's built and configured hundreds of computers for more than 20 years . I 'm running Windows XP Professional on stock 2.53 GHz Pentium IV with the latest updates , my antivirus and firewalls -LRB- Cisco -RRB- are top-notch , as well . I 've run numerous media editing programs , including Pinnacle Studio 9 , Adobe Premier 6 , Adobe Photoshop CS , etc. , without the slightest problems . In short , my system is solid is a rock - it has to be , as that is how I earn my living . You ca n't run a business on a screamingly tweaked machine that 's buggy.The reason I 'm recommending you avoid it is because when I asked Roxio for a refund in accordance with their refund policy -LRB- notify Roxio and attest to the fact you removed it within 15 days of initial purchase -RRB- , they gave me the proverbial run-around . I 've been quite polite with them , but when I finally demanded they honor their refund policy , they quit responding to me . That was four days ago , and they still have not yet credited my charge card.The buggy software itself will test your fortitude . The attitude of Roxio 's customer support personell , however , will drive you insane , and will cost you significantly more time -LRB- and time is money -RRB- than the product itself cost.If I may recommend an alternative product , I would recommend you carry Pinnacle Studio 9 . I used Studio 8 for two years , but decided to try Roxio 's product as I knew some of Roxio 's earlier software was pretty decent . But when I encountered the massive problems with Media Creator , I switched back to a known entity and upgraded to the latest version of Studio , which has worked flawless over the last five days on a video project I 'm creating for our church.Again , Roxio is a liability . Much better software , and far better customer service , are available elsewhere.Thank you for your time .
 I think it 's always best to start with the positive , so here goes ... EMC7 has some great photo editing features - in fact PhotoSuite is my favorite photo editing software I 've ever used and I 've used quite a few . EMC7 can also make some very cool slideshows , which is primarily why I purchased it . But , here 's the negatives - installation can be a nightmare . It is not compatible with several mini dv video cameras -LRB- found out the hard way -RRB- . EMC7 freezes constantly - I mean constantly , causing unsaved work to be lost . However , the software itself is VERY slow - slow to open , slow to function and slow to save - which must be done frequently in order to prevent all your work from being lost . My computer is less than a year old , or I may have contributed it to that , but the truth is it just hangs up all the time . There are many bugs with the software that Roxio has posted downloadable `` patches '' for but they have yet to help . Roxio customer support is NON-EXISTENT . Go to their site and read their `` support '' boards and you will get an idea of how awful this software really is - I wish I had read their message boards before purchasing . I have spent countless hours - literally hundreds - working on projects that should have taken just a few hours . I wanted to scream or throw the computer out the window . I am usually a pretty upbeat positive person , but the software drove me to the brink of insanity . When I finally decided to uninstall the software , the nightmares continued - the uninstall program would not run and their were dozens of hidden registry keys I had to search and manually delete . I still do n't know if I got rid of it completely . Save yourself hours of frustration and wasted time - buy something else .
 I bought this product based on recommendations , Roxio reputation and $ 40 in rebates . I made a mistake and should have gone with Nero . EMC7 will just quit in the middle of some operations , mostly when it works with big files . When I point to some DVD files and try to open them , the program will shut down . No erros or nothing like that , it will just quit . Roxio released 2 major updates -LRB- about 200MB in total size -RRB- which fixed some of the issues . Still , even after upgrades , the program hangs and prevents my system from shutting down . You have to manually kill one of the running background processes to get the system to turn off . The only great thing about EMC7 is user groups . If you have a problem do not ask Roxio their email support is slow and inaccurate . Instead , use Roxio user forums . Your questions and problems will be answered within a day and the staff is extremely helpful . Not their fault Roxio is pushing bloatware .
 This software has some of the worst bugs you are likely to encounter using a computer - it is a shameful mess , a total disaster . First , be aware that the word `` suite '' means that you 're getting a pile of shoddy , poorly conceived applications purchased from various other third parties over the years , which then received an update to the interface so they look like the same company wrote them . Most of these applications are trash . Further , without exception , these applications are ridiculously unstable . Many fail to start when you try to launch them . When they do run , they frequently simply quit , disappearing and leaving no trace . When they do n't do this , they more often than not lock up your computer altogether . Once in a great while the software works properly , finishing a task and leaving you with a usable result , instead of trashed media ready only for the garbage . Using the software is maddening.You may wonder how this software could be so horrible , given the 5-star reviews here . Others have pointed out the similarity in the vast majority of these reviews , and the professional marketing-speak tone of the writing . Those who have made these observations argue that the reviews are planted . This is correct . They are planted . If you look at these `` reviewers ' '' other reviews , you 'll notice that usually there are n't any . The evidence , taken together , strains credulity . Is it possible that dozens of people who have never written a review of anything else are so motivated to sing the praises of what is clearly some of the worst software ever written ? No . It is not possible . The reviews are fakes.The continued existence of this software is due only to the distribution arrangements made with hardware manufacturers - everybody gets a basic version of either this or Nero when they buy a burner . This has , in effect , locked up the market . If there were any real competition , this piece of junk would either have -LRB- 1 -RRB- been fixed by version 7 , or -LRB- 2 -RRB- ceased to exist.In short , do not buy . There are open source tools that do all the same things properly . Show Roxio what happens to companies that try to sell such shoddy merchandise .
 I received the Basic edition bundled with a very nice Plextor burner . Most of my experience so far has been with the EMC 7 Capture function.The bundle itself is truly bloatware , and loads tons of stuff that you will never use . It would be nice if places like Roxio would add a one-line description of each useless package 's function , with the option to install or not after reading.Capture is the kind of program designed to be `` easy '' , meaning you never really know what is happening . It does -LRB- mostly -RRB- capture video . However , it will hang periodically with cryptic messages , to which the only option is click `` OK '' . Then it starts over from the beginning.The Smartscan feature would theoretically be great -LRB- you must make sure your DV camera supports this function -RRB- . My cam -LRB- PV-GS200 -RRB- does . However , the purpose of Smartscan is to fast-forward looking for scene codes on the tape , to let you preselect the scenes you want to capture . Unfortunately , it gets lost , a lot . Once Capture has lost its place , the only option is to start back over at the beginning of the tape . It will invariably hang at the same places , so after wasting a LOT of time and over-exercising the fragile tape , you will give up and just Capture the whole damned tape -LRB- have a very big hard drive handy -RRB- . Now that you 're capturing the full tape , it will hang in other places . It hates when you have fast-forwarded the tape in camera , because that causes a black frame that it can not seem to move past . Eventually , you will find that the best option is to manually move past the spot with the controls on your camera , then start capturing from there ... but you will never really know what the software is doing until its over.Never knowing what the program is doing , and having neither options nor meaningful Help when difficulties are encountered , is the recurring theme of this whole software suite . The only Help you will get from Roxio is their user forum -LRB- which is pretty good -RRB- ; otherwise , their idea of support is to try to get you to buy an upgrade version.I believe much of this stems from trying to make something which is still inherently complex -LRB- video capture -RRB- overly simple for some perceived grandparental audience . The problem with all the friendly screens is that they blithely assume nothing will fail . When problems inevitably arise , there is no recovery other than Start Over . You will never know where you are in a tape , where your restart begins , what happened to the video you may or may not have already captured , or what to do to manually jumpstart a stalled capture.The same look and similar issues were thoughtfully embedded in the Videowave authoring suite , although I have not had much experience with it , given that I am spending most of my time capturing and recapturing -LRB- I think -RRB- . I am not sophisticated enough to recommend something else yet , but there has to be something better and I would recommend you find it instead of anything from Roxio . Their whole progression as a software megabundler has been toward sales and away from functionality -LRB- and support -RRB- and it is really a shame that a first-class outfit like Plextor had to `` partner '' with them .
 I bought this product to burn CD 's -LRB- using CD-R disks -RRB- . It did n't work for me . After a lot of research I discovered -LRB- from Microsoft -RRB- that CD 's burn better at a slower speed , so I set my system to 48X and it worked . Tech support from Roxio was confusing , as they supply lots of -LRB- for me -RRB- useless documentation . I could have saved my money , and used Windows or any AT&T Yahoo! CD burners .
 This product worked for about 2 months , after that it went into the `` Dumper ! '' I can not get it to copy any CD 's . I will copy the CD and then when you want to burn a copy , NOTHING ! I have tried over and over to no avail . I just waste time and become frustrated . After you spend money buying this crap they want to charge you $ 35 or $ 40 to give you support , now that 's real `` BULLCRAP ! Do n't waste money on this junk , it 's really not worth it .
 The first think I noticed about this program is that it 's SLOW -- it takes forever to load , and you can actually see the screen redraw . The user interface skinning is not particularly attractive , and it 's obviously very inefficient -- you can see it draw the background and then draw the user interface elements on top of it . And I do n't have a slow computer -- it 's an Athlon 64 3000 + with 1GB DDR400 RAM . I shudder to think how sluggish and unresponsive it would be on a Celeron system.My other complaint is that all of the useful options have been removed . In particular , the bootable CD functionality has been gutted -- it 's no longer possible to slipstream a Windows install CD , which was a very useful feature for sysadmins.All I want is a fast , useful , and unobtrusive CD/DVD mastering utility , and Roxio 7 fails on all three counts .
 I was initially looking forward to using this software with a new high end digital camera I recently purchased . I wish I had done my research beforehand . I have tried numerous times to install the software without success . Have not had much luck with the manufacturer 's support staff either . Buyer beware -- like others who have posted , this software seems to be a bit `` buggy . ''
 I am a graduate computer systems engineer . In my many years of experience , I have never seen such an unstable , flaky program as this Roxio Easy Media Creator Suite . It has caused operating system crashes when used with Microsoft Windows XP . Portions of the program such as the `` Tutorial '' become inoperable even after reinstalling . It is inflexible compared to other CD burn programs . I can not recommend this product .
 Save yourself the aggravation and do n't buy it . I bought the downloaded version of easy cd/dvd media 7 . It is a bloated piece of buggy software and the support is a joke . The download is about 1GB . On a first impression this version seems a bit better that the previous one , easy cd / dvd 6 -LRB- if you have this version stick to it , the upgrade is actually a downgrade -RRB- but wo n't be long before you start to see the problems . Everything seem slower to start than before then you notice other problems like poor sync between audio and video when producing movies . Some problems are supposed to get fixed with an upgrade that you should be able to download from the web . Good luck !! . To download the upgrade first you have to register the software . However , for some reason my software and CD-key were already registered so I was not able to download the upgrade . In any case I do n't like to be forced to fill pages of personal information to download a fix to a faulty product that I already paid for it . You can send an email to roxio support to get back a useless automatic answer . You can also try the paid phone-support where you have to give your credit card info before having spoken to a human being.Conclusion
 If your editing home movies of your baby , birthday parties , playing hopscotch in the back yard , your child 's graduation , a day at the park , or funny lights in the sky at night , this program will be fine . If you 're doing any serious and professional editing which runs 30-60 minutes in length , then you need to toss this piece of junk and find something else to use . After 2 solid months of professional video editing , constantly slugglish and locking up , the program CRASHED and corrupted the saved file . I ca n't re-open the file and all my work is lost !!! COMPLETE GARBAGE !!! If I was allowed to use profanity on here , I would !!! All the 5-star people who posted here must be doing all of the above stuff I mentioned earlier .
 I have been using Easy CD Creator since Version 5 . Version 5 was very good , except that I found it did not save transitions between tracks very well.When Version 6 came out , I bought in the hopes that the transitions would be better handled , which they did quite well . However , the interface was terrible . Instead of being able to directly add tracks to your project from the PC filesystem , you first had to add them into Roxio 's library first and then add it to your project . I also discovered that the volume enhancer had been monkied with . Instead of simply amplifying the volume , Roxio decided to enhance the treble and deepen the bass . This dramatically changed the tone color of the treble . The result was distorted sound . The also decided to limit the amount of time for transitions to 30 seconds . In version 5 , there were no limits except the length of the previous track . So , I became very frustrated with version 6 as it lacked the flexibility of version 5 , though it did save the transitionings much better.Version 7 's CD burning features are even worse than version 6 . In version 7 , Roxio has taken away the volume control entirely , and further limited track transactions down to a maximum of 20 seconds . Also , you can only use whole second values . In version 6 and version 5 , you were able to subdivide in the very small units of a second , which was excellent in honing down to the exact time you wanted to do the transition . Version 7 's file system interface is an improvement over version 6 's . However , my overall impression of version 7 is that Roxio has simplified their CD mixing product into a very basic CD burning program and has done all it can to make it an inflexible program . IIn version 5 and version 6 , you could edit the sound and delete a part of the track ; in version 7 , they 've taken that feature out and you can no longer alter the track . I 'm not sure why Roxio is insisting on taking a great product and reducing its usability , but that 's what they 're doing.If you are into burning CDs and desire to modify the volumes to the way you want them , extend transitions to perhaps the entire previous track , and perhaps delete portions of the track for some reason , then you are totally out of luck with Version 7 of Easy CD Creator.I really can not recommend this product . As for myself , I 'm going to deinstall version 7 , and then reinstall version 5 and live with its flaky transitions . Version 5 's ability to increase/decrease volume and it 's fine-tuning of track transitions are far superior to what 's available in version 6 or version 7 of this product.Version 7 CD burning is a major disappointment .
 Not only is the software riddled with bugs , but the customer service is terrible . I write software for a large corporation , so I have a little experience under my belt . This software was either rushed out the door , or Roxio 's quality assurance department -LRB- if it even exists -RRB- did a very poor job of testing this software . Many of the features just plain do n't work . And the one 's that do , are often riddled with little bugs that make it take forever to get anything done . Usability is very poor as well . Nothing is labled what you would expect it to be or is placed where it should be.Don ' t waste your money . You are better off getting something else . When I posted something like this on their discussion web site , they banned me from the site . What does that tell you ?
 Lousy DivX support and the DVD editor is lame ...
 I up graded to 7 to edit and burn a DVD . I had transfered my 8mm film to a DVD . The DVD was on a VTS format which is not recognized by Creater 7 . strangly it is recognized by 6 . I used DivX to transfrer the file to a AVI file which was recognized . I then went to video editing nightmare . It dos n't allow you to take out snipits and save and re use . you can only change the begining and end . I tried to contact by e-mail forget it . It burns DVD 's fine , but as a editing program it fails the course . I could go on about the problems with slideshow . The fact that you can not use prior productions made by 7 in a different production . all in all there must be better programs . I hate to say it but I should have followed my friends advise and gotten Nero
 Roxio Easy Media Creator 7 , follows the legacy of all their products
 I purchased this product because I trusted the Roxio name and because of the positive reviews it had recieved . I was very disappointed at the number of problems I 've had with the software , even after their latest patch . The programs regularly close for no apparent reason or fail to open all together . I wish I could recommend a better product , but I 'm still looking for a DVD authoring program that works . The Ulead product is no better . I 'm off to Pinnacle next ...
 The newest version of EMC7 is a loser . There are too many problems associated with getting it to run straight out of the box . AND Roxio is refusing to address them . I did not up-date to EMC7 to be met with hours of reconfiguring my computer , to enjoy the product . Now I 'm out the cost of the product , that I bought through Amazon.com , with no recourse to recover my monies . At least , if I had bought it from a retailer , I might be able to recover my monies.A good offer is n't good if you get shafted.If anyone has any doubts , go to Roxio Support and read about all the problems .
 I 'm a long time user of EZ Creator so I 'm very dismayed at the poor quality of version 7 . I 've installed and uninstalled the product multiple times and nothing but creator classic operates . All of the other apps just give me a starting splash screen and then nothing . Videowave gives a startup error that says it ca n't load the config file and to reinstall it . There are no updates for the product on their support site but upon scanning the user forums , there are a lot of users with similar problems . Support is emailing patches but not posting an update . Nero 6 is buggy but more usable than than this product . I 'm going back to version 5 and using Nero from now on .
 Caution ! Software is worthless without Windows XPThis software would not load on windows 98 . On my XP computer it forces me to use resolution 1024x768 . I NEVER use resolutions that high.If you do not have the latest and greatest computer , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 I always enjoy looking over the reviews that read like commercials , not fake sounding at all ... now im fair with products , i dont pass on bad rumours , and hell i dont even read them , till something is wrong.guess what happened to me!something wicked this way comes , and it is Roxio ` EASY ' creator 7 . yeah EASY , to make it sound great and take your money.all week i have been trying to install this program , and each time , it cant read it sown files , and says they are missing , and i have not had a complete install yet!i keep taking it back and getting a new box , same thing . tried it on other comps each time . have plenty of speed and memory , nothing should be wrong . and the site is right on time with being closed.magical answer
 I have not purchased Roxio Media Maker 7 yet but if I hate it as much as I do the Roxio Easy CD/DVD Creator 6 I will never buy another . I have used Roxio CD Maker Software for years and have been pretty happy with it . When I bought a new computer with Windows XP I bought the version 6 for compatibility I have found it IMMPOSSIBLE to use , except for disk copy . Now suddenly it will not recognize the burner . I would install version 5 but it is not compatible with XP . As far as I am concerned , version 6 should never have been released and Roxio should give a super discount on version 7 to people who bought version 6 out of embarrassment if nothing else and I am hoping 7 works as easy as version 4 or 5 .
 This software isnt worth the money it costs in my opinion.Do yourself a favor and go buyNero 6 Ultra Edition -LRB- Nero Burning Rom -RRB- . You will be much happier.This software is pretty much designed for the novice in mind.There are many better tools that can be used instead .
 In fairness , let me first say that I have not tried this newest version of Easy media . My expierences with the last 2 versions soured me to ever trying this again.A friend initially gave me what was probably version 5 to copy into my PC . I copied it and it worked fine for burning CD 's However , I fully believe in paying for the products I use , so i went out and paid over $ 80 for a `` legit '' copy of the program.My mistake . The upgraded version 6.0 should never have hit the streets . Suddenly , my CD recorder was not recognized at all , and none of the photo or DVD programs would run at all , all I got were errors . The CD program would run , albeit slowly , and I got many coasters . Odd that i was able to burn CD 's even though the icon said that it did n't detect a CD burner in my system-this , by the way on a brand new computer running Windows XP.I emailed customer care . They always asked for what the specific error message I got when attempting to run programs that would n't start at all . Well , i had no shortage of error messages to send them , but they had the same answer for all of them `` re-install the software '' . Well , I tried that , no exaguration , about 40 times , but nothing was ever any different when I attempted to get this running . The -LRB- numerous -RRB- error messages were always there and always the same , and essentially meaningless-at least to the troubleshooting group at Roxio.Not only did this $ 80 product NOT work , but somehow , as I only found out after uninstalling it forever , somehow it managed to interfere with my completly different MP3 ripping software program . When I had Roxio installed and I ran my MP3 ripping software , it would take over and hour to convert an hour long CD 's tracks to MP3 . I just figured it was my PC or the MP3 software . Only after I uninstalled Roxio that same software program began ripping that same hour 's worth of music in about 10 minutes.Gee they ca n't make their own software work but they somehow have figured out how to mess with other manufactures software . Unbelieveable.Even if they manged to fix the bugs in their newer versions , they 've lost a customer in me forever for allowing the earlier versions to be sold on the streets.I bought a new CD Burner and that came with NERO-a software program that was new to me and worked like a charm from the very first night I loaded it into my PC . I highly recommend Nero software for all of these functions . Hell , it 's even more user friendly . So if someone wants to buy my version of Roxio , I woul n't even GIVE it to them . Unless maybe they were my worst enemy ...
 This product works sometimes -LRB- 5 % of time -RRB- then does n't -LRB- 95 % -RRB- . I 've installed & uninstalled more times than Windows 95 - WASTED HOURS !!! The huge Upgrade did n't make much difference!Also read the VERY fine print with so-called special deals.NOT IMPRESSED !!
 I bought Roxio EMC 7 with high hopes of putting all my old home movies on DVD . It worked for about 3 months , and I loved the program , then suddenly , with no apparent trigger whatsoever , the entire program has failed . I think the only application that works without a hitch right now is the Label Creator . Worst of all , nobody at Roxio can figure out what is wrong.After many late nights of uninstalling/reinstalling , trying all the fixes suggested by Roxio support , and yacking back and forth with Roxio support , I 'm ready to cut my losses and find another program.Do your research thoroughly before you spend the money on this . I thought it was great , now I 'm ready to hang the discs on my scarecrow .
 Too many bugs -LRB- even the last update stops with an error ! -RRB- Poor service from Roxio -LRB- standard automated replies -RRB- Still waiting for a refund ...
 When I first installed EMC7 , I was pretty pleased with it . Some of the applications seemed simplistic , but they worked pretty well . Then , Roxio came out with a major update that corrected some of the issues I had noticed . I installed the update , and a good number of the programs simply stopped working . Support from Roxio is non-existant unless you pay for it . I have ended up uninstalling it , and I 'll be glad to sell my copy to anyone who wants it . I 'm now evaluating Nero to see if it 's more stable , but there 's also freeware programs for most of these functions . I 'm glad to see that others have n't had problems , but I did . Just beware when you buy .
 Stay away from Roxio and save yourself a lot of time and efforts . You will be glad you did.Got this product . After wasting a lot of installation time -LRB- including the time to call the Roxio technical support that ASKS for money to offer help -RRB- , I learned that the main CD was missing . But that 's as far as the technical people went . They asked that I contact customer service to ask for the main CD to be sent to me.Customer service was absolutely awful . Sent them an email . They responded after exactly one week with a generic , non-intelligent response , that included a bunch of URLs and a suggestion to contact the technical support.Wrote back to the customer service and explained again on Dec. 16 , 2004 . They responded back on January 5 , 2005 -LRB- that 's three weeks later -RRB- , with even a more un-intelligent response.Avoid Roxio . Save yourself time and efforts . Be aware that their customer service is absolutely poor and that their technical support will asked for money to help you .
 Just installed this software . For some strange reason the main page `` Media Creator Home '' will not work . It starts up , freezes , and closes itself after ~ 30 seconds . The creator classic works though , so i do n't know what the deal is . The incredibly big upgrade did nothing to resolve that . So far i 'm not so hot about this version , looks good visually , but then again so did the previous version . But annoying your costumers from day one of installation with things that do n't work is not a good business strategy .
 What this product promises is great , and the interface is wonderful , yet it seems as if Roxio was too impatient to get this product out of the door before properly taking it through the testing cycle . If the many many bugs were gone it would be a wonderful product!Biggest Annoyances :1 . Painfully Slow ! - You would expect any video editing software to require a lot of processor muscle , but even for the most mundane of tasks even on the fastest of CPUs this program painfully aches along with many hiccups . It 's clear that although this was a massive project for Roxio , there are many programming inefficiencies which have caused all of these bumps in the road .2 . Audio and Video Out of Sync ! - Come on ! If you 're going to spend the time and money to purchase the software and make a video , at the very least you could expect that your videos would n't end up looking like an old foriegn film with the voices not even matching up with the video ! Everything in the preview looks great , but just wait until you compile your final video for that big disappointment . -LRB- ... -RRB- There will be a fix for out of sync video files -LRB- based on customer submitted video files -RRB- included in the 7.01 update being released in about 2 weeks . I 've e-mailed you a non-regression tested version of the specific fix for this issue if you wish to use.The most common causes of this problem are however described in the article you posted.Message Edited by patatrox on 04-13-2004 05:44 PM - Patrick -LRB- ... -RRB- 3 . Crashes on XP all the time .4 . Do n't even expect to make labels beyond the CD itself ! - Most other labels -LRB- jewel cases etc -RRB- get printed off of the page on legal or letter paper -LRB- not label paper -RRB- reguardless of the printer type . - The cut lines interfere with the actual label itself ! 4 . Tech support is almost non-existent . - Telephone support is pay per incident - -LRB- ... -RRB- - Assitance over e-mail is only available after their automated assitant ca n't help you . - E-mail support is expected to take days for a response . - Seems like all of EMC7 's problems have created a supportnightmare for Roxio for which they just ca n't keep up with .
 This software takes over a GB , yes Gegabite to intstall.Very poor in the user friendly area.Can ' t send a picture as an attachment without going through3 or 4 sequences . Easier to move picture to My Documents ande-mail . I also have RoxiGoback3.Easy Media Media Creator 7 uses so much space that Roxio Goback3 ca n't handle the volume making Goback3 useless.REPEAT VERY POOR AS FAR A USER FRIENDLY AND TO LARGE.Easy CD Creator5 was much better but Roxio will not support inin Windows XP.P . F. Yancick
 My husband bought the boxed version of Roxio Easy Media Creator 7 and I 've been sorry ever since . I 'm the geek and he 's not . He could n't register the product because , on-line , you can only register Version 6 and earlier . We could n't register directly because Dell had installed an earlier trial version that interferes with the installation . Repeated e-mails to Roxio have been auto-answered with notations that a customer service rep will call in a few days , and they never do.Bottom line is that it 's HARD to install for the average user , IMPOSSIBLE to register and update , customer support is TERRIBLE , and we 'd strongly recommend that no one buy this product.I know many users wax eloquent regarding the product features . My guess is that they never installed over an earlier trial version . Unless we want to wipe our system clean and re-install everything , Roxio is n't going to work correctly.We 'll find another product and write this as money wasted.We should have read the other reviews .
 The video editing capability is tough to deal with and not impressive when you figure it out . The tools are not explained and there is n't as much to do with it as they imply . May be nice for birthday party editing , i do n't know . I did n't like it . It 's not worth $ 100 . The other capabilities might be nice , but from what i 've dealt with , that 's not the case .
 I foolishly purchased 7.0 . It worked ok for a few months then just kept hanging up my system . Funny , it started hanging up when 7.5 was released . I tried to get `` customer support '' but that 's a joke . Do yourself a favor , DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM ROXIO . I 'd given this software negative stars if I could . Spend your money elsewhere .
 Practically any burning program these days can make CDs , but I bought REMC7 to make DVDs , as I had heard it 's the cream of the crop . Well , it 's not , at least where DVDs are concerned . I 'm not sure if it 's a sign that DVD authoring tools are still in their infancy , or if Roxio is just producing wretched software . Here are the critical problems I encountered ... 1 . I have created several videos -LRB- AVIs -RRB- in landscape letterbox format . Unfortunately , REMC7 vertically distorts all videos and images so they will fill in a standard TV screen . You have no choice - you can not add proper letterbox videos to your DVD without the awful stretching . If your home DVD player has a letterbox distortion option then you might be okay - mine does n't .2 . Holy crashfest , Batman ! I simply can not get the Search option in the Help menu to work . Every time I search for a keyword the program crashes , severely limiting the help capabilities . Updates have n't helped . If you choose to buy this , save often ! 3 . I 've made several DVD coasters because , sometimes , the burn process just stops part way through . I can deal with burning errors , but AT LEAST tell me what the problem is ! Jeez .4 . Despite the flashy interface and menu templates , the layout options for menus are awkward and extremely limiting . Many folks will be fine with this , but others will be insulted . For instance , -LRB- 1 -RRB- there is a mandatory 30-second interval for a menu page , so if you add your own background music it will simply cut it off after 30 seconds and start over - very distracting . The same goes for slide shows when you add your own background music - you 'd think there would be an option to fade out , but no . -LRB- 2 -RRB- You can move the thumbnails around manually , but do n't put them too close together or it 'll give you an `` overlapping thumbnail error , '' when they clearly are not . Also , if it gives you a layout error , it wo n't say where the problem is - hence you end up randomly rearranging stuff until it finally accepts it for burning.Those are most of the problems I 've had . The bottom line is , REMC7 is fine for CDs , but so are several free software packages out there . If you plan to make lots of DVDs , splurge for something a little more professional .
 Like the others who have given this one star , I had major problems with the installation . Following installation my system would n't recognize any of the optical drives . I had to go through the Restore Point procedure to bring them back . Even then , I had trouble with Roxio loading , other software ceased working properly -LRB- to the point that I could n't back anything up to optical drives -RRB- , and I finally had to do a clean install of Win XP.The sad part about this is that these are known problems with `` workarounds and fixes '' on Roxio 's site . Unfortunately the fix did n't work for me.I feel terribly burned by Roxio and , since software is unreturnable , by Amazon .
 The software was very inconsistant . -LRB- Used on PC with XP Service pack 2 high level of multi media performance -RRB- especially in the `` Plug and Burn '' phase if you did not want to capture and edit the video . It would capture less then 50 % of the time through a 50 minute DV tape . Unfortunately , sometimes you were 80 % through the capture tape when it begins to fail . Out of 10 captures , only 4 worked from begining to end the other 60 % failed ; leaving for much re work , frustration let alone hours of unproductive time . The software needs to go back to the drawing board .
 The features of the program are great , but it crashes WAY too much . My computer system is fully adequate for video editing , so that is not the problem . I 've gotten to the point where I save my work literally every minute for fear that it will crash .
 I used previous Roxio products and wanted software to start converting my Hi-8 video to DVD and better editing software for digital images . Also wanted to make some DVDs that combined photos , music and film clips.I found that after hours of work I had burned a DVD that had no sound and horrible quality vido . Using this software is not easy without someone to teach you what to do . Their previous , earlier versions were much easier to use.I also find that the `` Photo Doctor '' often highly distorts photos and any adjustments for exposure and saturation are better manually tweeked.I find that I 'm only using a tiny part of this software , because I ca n't figure out all the rest . Even burning CDs has proven a challenge . Very few templates for CD labels and I 've yet to find a list of songs that would actually fit in the template space provided .
 Like others who have posted on this one , I spent hours just trying to get this program to install . I tried on three different machines . Thought it was a funky media , which I replaced and tried again , but same problem . So I went to Roxio web page . Well , guess what ? Only works with a very select list of DVDs , and mine was n't one of them . Before you buy , check for compatibilty . Wrote complaint to FTC . Buy Nero Suite .
 I had an earlier version of Easy CD Creator that worked fine . This version 7 has to be about the lowest quality software I 've ever purchased . It hangs , does n't use the settings I 've specified when burning a disk , does n't save the right settings after I 've saved a project , dies in the middle of burning a CD saying ` file not found ' without telling you what file -LRB- after it had ` verified all the files ' -RRB- , tells me it is writing to a CD-ROM when I do n't even have a disk in the drive , is extremely slow , extra windows pop up inexplicably , etc. . It tells you file names are too long , but not which ones . There are almost no settings or preferences . Even the fonts used are inconsistent , so it looks like no quality control group even tested this . Embarrassing for Roxio , a big disappointment for me .
 This product should come with lots of warnings . While installation was trouble free , Win XP would n't recognize any of my optical drives . I went to Roxio 's web site and fixed that problem with a posted RegEdit fix . When I started doing some serious work , however , I realized that this product is soooo slowwwww . I 'm running a 3GHz machine with 1GB RAM , dual 80GB HDDs and a fast graphics card with 128MB onboard . The `` lite '' versions of the ArcSoft and Sonic software that came with my HP DVD burner work much faster . I wish I 'd just stuck with the free stuff that came with the burner . I 'd have saved lots of time and aggravation.Oh , and PC Magazine has just given Nero 6 Ultra Edition All-in-One Digital Media Solution its Editor 's Choice Award over Roxio . Napster has just bought Roxio 's Creator suite so it 's anybody 's guess if the problems will remain . Napster 's purchase is also why there 's a rebate on this product -- a new version will be coming out very soon . What a mess .
 Prohibited SoftwareAs per Amazon.com Policies , only full retail versions of software may be sold through Amazon.com . Additionally , please be aware that OEM , academic , promotional , beta , NFR , back-up , recopied , and freeware & shareware versions of software are prohibited.Sellers can not verify academic eligibility of customers since policies prohibit this and they are violating thier agreements with Microsoft . I reported this to Microsoft and they are investigating and possible impacts to customers purchasing this product . Please call Microsoft if you do not believe me.Shame on Amazon.com - They are violating their own policies and sell directly to customers . Maybe their own policies do not apply to themselves.refer to Help > Selling at Amazon.com > Policies & Agreements > Community Rules > Seller Offenses & Prohibited Content
 I ran it on a Windows ME machine and every time you open Talk It Type It , it places a toolbar at the top of the desktop . That 's not a bad thing - until you close the software . It leaves a blank space where the toolbar was , and reopening the program places the toolbar * below * that space . -LRB- Refreshing the desktop does not fix this . -RRB- Despite repeated training sessions , I had major problems when it came to the software distinguishing commands from words . Half the time , it typed instead of responding to commands like `` capitalize , '' `` new paragraph , '' `` scratch that , '' `` delete that , '' and `` delete -LSB- word -RSB- . '' -LRB- As you might guess , I had to use those last 3 a lot . -RRB- I suppose it 's fine for instant messaging , but I would n't use it beyond that .
 This was the most disappointing and useless purchase ever . Despite exhausting voice training , it typed everything except what I said . Do n't waste your money . I would ` nt even give it one star .
 This is one of those pieces of software that never really works , but you ca n't really get rid of . I 've used it once when I could modify my voice to make it do as I asked -LRB- it would have been 10 times easier just to type it out -RRB- . It appears every time I boot up -LRB- sorry , I am sure I should have de-clicked something upon install ... -RRB- and it takes forEVer to initialize , slowing down everything , even though I do n't even want it . I uninistalled it to get rid of it , and the interface still appears on Bootup . It 's like poison ivy that just wo n't go away . We do n't need any more software that a -RRB- takes over and b -RRB- wo n't leave when asked .
 Could n't get it to work right , could have been my mic . Do n't know for sure but it just did n't work for me .
 This is a bad program . I wanted to save some money so I bought this as it was the cheapest . I found out why . It 's worthless.Don ' t waste your money .
 Not only did I never recieve my product but I never recieved a refund for my purchase either . Where is my product ? Where is my money ? I am still waiting to hear back from this seller .
 Warning
 I downloaded this software directly from H&R ; Block as part of an offer for the rebate to get the software free as part of purchasing it with Taxcut . So , I downloaded it with Taxcut , figuring , why not ? It 's free ! WRONG ! The rebate if only valid for `` retail '' purchases -LRB- i.e. not downloading it - what a ripoff ! -RRB- . The software is completely useless , the fields are tiny , you ca n't enter medium to long charity names , and then you have to edit them in Taxcut -LRB- twice the work -RRB- . It is simpler to use Taxcut honestly . I would never ever buy this software again and I would never again get baited into things I do n't need by `` free '' rebates !
 I had no install or functional issues with this product , however my complaint is this
 After manually entering many `` non-cash '' items , I found the total amount for this category was not reflected in the summary page and shown as $ 0 . The data would also not export to Taxcut . When contacted , the technical support `` help '' was to re-enter everything and if that did not work , to re-install the software . The software did not save me time - it doubled the time it would have taken to just enter the information directly into Taxcut .
 I purchased this game and it will not run nor play on my pc . I was thinking that maybe it was my pc or a bad cd but from reading the previous review I now know it 's not my computer but the CD itself .
 I ordered this product twice and wasted money on it . The game will not load only the egames browser . This was a waste of money and time . I am out of $ 15 because of this .
 it 's not for mac and I ca n't open any file on the disc = = ! I feel really disappointed of this product
 Pro
 We are trying to evaluate this software for our HR Dept 's use , but Symantec Endpoint Protection anti-virus detects backdoor.trojan , an old virus , and wo n't allow it to be installed or run . Several attempts to contact the company have met with no response so far.Not very impressed .
 I bought this product after carefully reviewing ScanSoft 's adds and on-line manual . Although I was surprised at the lack of certain features that are found in the Windows version -LRB- e.g. , XML -RRB- , my research led me to believe that this was an excellent choice for a Mac user whose project was to take back issues of a scientific journal and convert it into searchable pdf -LRB- image plus hidden field text -RRB- . Although the software tells you that you are about to produce a bitmapped -LRB- black and white -RRB- version , what you get instead is text on a grey background in a file that suggests that it is a greyscale . The pdf -LRB- either image + text or image only -RRB- is actually far larger than uncompressed TIF files ! There is no mention of this problem in the manual but you can find it buried in the FAQ on ScanSoft 's website . They have known about the problem , apparently for two years -LRB- the entry is dated 2002 -RRB- and yet have chosen not to publicize what is a significant defect -- one that renders the product useless for many users.There are other problems , although not as serious . Although the interface is fairly slick and easy to use , it is very inflexible . For instance , scans controlled by Omnipage Pro X can only be done in legal , letter and A4 paper sizes . If the paper you need to scan is a different size , you get one or more black borders . These can be removed by hand with the eraser tool they provide or in photoshop or some other graphic editor but that is hardly the point . You can work around it by going from the scanner 's driver but , depending on your scanner , that may have additional drawbacks.I can say more , but I hope you have gotten the point across.On the postive side , the programs , as it should , does a good job on OCR . I did not try it but if you wish to convert scans to text only , this might be a good choice . But if you are making electronic archives of old documents , this is NOT a viable option . The files are both ugly -LRB- grey instead of white backgound -RRB- and too huge to put on the internet . So , for these important uses , this dog do n't hunt .
 I 'm a huge fan of Paperport 9 ; I use it extensively . I was excited to see an upgrade and recently installed PaperPort 10 . While the split screen and other features are a nice improvement , the software seems very buggy.The biggest problem for me is that I can no longer scan multiple page items using an HP OfficeJet scanner . I spoke with their technical support about this issue and was informed that `` PaperPort 10 is not as good as PaperPort 9 at scanning and stuff . '' These were the exact words of one of PaperPort 's support engineers . At least this engineer was kind enough to tell me how to best uninstall version 10 .
 I would keep looking.I installed v10 and was not able to get it working and I am a Microsoft Engineer . I do have a lot of software on my machine but with the lousy support that they have and the fact that they are making you pay to debug their software I would stay away from this unless you want to create headaches for yourself.On their forums you can find many other users who requested their money back as I had to do.The worse problem was that it broke the Version 9 that I had that was working and to add insult to injury , after they broke my system I had to pay $ 20 to have them get it back to working order.I do not mind paying for support if it is my fault . But if you -LRB- scansoft -RRB- break it you should fix it.Someone should tell the support line in India that if you are going to get a fake US sounding name and you are a female you should at least get a female name not one like Allen . This is just indicative of the lack of professionalism on the support line.When you are a software company and your support line is a profit center you need to be concerned !!!!!!!!!!!! I would have to agree with the comments previously mentioned.I have to add a couple more negatives . If you want support , you have to pay for it . You get one free call and that 's it . The documentation is weak , the knowledgebase is rediculously weak , and email is billable . The forums are the only free option for support and I have not been able to get a login setup for the forums.I am a huge fan of OmniPage Pro 14 and I use it all the time . PaperPort will be part of my new routine for the time being . If I find a better product , I will fly quickly away since PaperPort can not maintain indexes very well .
 As one reader suggested
 I have used paperport for a long time , having upgraded several times . By Version 9 , things became unbearable . Hoping that the company would have responded to the ample negative feedback on their internal own `` paperport users community '' discussion board , I went ahead and bought v10 . What a mistake ! It was even more buggy than the previous version . And Nuance/Scansoft 's customer support ? a waste of time-IF you get through , they 'll put you through endless paces that do n't resolve user 's problems . It appears that the newly branded `` Nuance '' has basically abandoned the consumer market and are putting all of their resources into the B2B market , i.e. IVR applications etc. . I will not make the same mistake again , Nuance managed to turn a loyal customer into one that would n't go near their products with a 10 foot pole .
 We use Paperport 10 with a Fujitsi scanner on XP workstations and it works like a dream ! The directory management and file sizes are amazingly good . The ability to browse and display pages quickly and easily are excellent . That 's the good news.The bad news , and it is REALLY bad , is the indexing function.We 've got our images on a server , with PP10 . I 've been told that if the indexing is done on the server , they will be available to the clients , so they do n't have to run the index procedure as well - Nope , incorrect.If you try to run the indexing program whilst the server index is running , PP10 says you ca n't , whilst the server is doing the biz . Stop the server indexing and start the client , PP10 says the server is still running , but would I like to force a local index - say yes , and the server index is broken and the local still wo n't start , because it says the server still has the process . Go back to the server and try it again and it says it ca n't because the workstation has the process !!! All this is on top of the problems the other reviewers have come across.This is a tragedy . I 've actually got it working -LRB- once -RRB- after about a weeks work . It was amazing . I could find phrases or words in 10 's of k 's of documents almost instantly . Without it , this is just another file and print storage system.It 's also interesting to note that the link to the on-line community from their website is broken , so I 'm unable to see what other problems users are having - accidental ? You make up your own mind !
 I am a longtime Paperport user and fan . I currently use Paperport Pro Version 9.0 , which is excellent.A year ago I tried upgrading to PaperPort Pro V 10 , because it had some major new features that - in theory - sounded awesome . However , it screwed my computer up so badly that I ended up having to reformat my hard drive and then reinstall my operating system -LRB- Win XP Pro -RRB- and all my old software and data . If you think my problem was a fluke , look at the other reviews posted here and elsewhere on the Internet.Nuance / ScanSoft never admitted to any problem and never resolved many of the major problems with version 10 . Yesterday , I received a mailing from Nuance/ScanSoft announcing a new version 11 as '' ... the biggest upgrade in the history of PaperPort ... '' and touting it as `` The BEST ScanSoft PaperPort Professional EVER ! '' . No way I 'm going to trust them again , unless I receive a personal letter from the President , with an apology for all the problems with Version 10 and a personal assurance that those problems were resolved in Version 11 . I 'm sticking with Version 9 . I would advise you to do the same .
 For many years I have used Paperport at home in conjunction with Quicken , scanning receipts , utility bills , etc. , and attaching the scanned document to the Quicken register item it pertains to . -LRB- I am using Quicken 2001 Deluxe . -RRB- This was one of the primary things I 'd do with Paperport . Unfortunately , Paperport 10 does not seem to function with Quicken , and as near as I can tell by web surfing , this holds true for newer versions of Quicken as well . The minute I installed Paperport 10 -LRB- and it uninstalled Paperport 8 -RRB- all the linked documents in my Quicken file disappeared ! There was no longer an icon on the bottom of the page to export a scanned document to Quicken.For many people , this may not be an issue , but for me it was a deal-breaker . I uninstalled the thing and reinstalled Paperport 8 .
 I HAVE USED PAPERPORT FOR MANY YEARS IN OUR INSURANCE AGENCY . WE HAVE BEEN THROUGH ALL THE VERSIONS INCLUDING VERSION 9 WE HAVE BEEN VERY PLEASED WITH THE FEATURES . WE SCAN ALL OUR DOCUMENTS AND PHOTOS INTO OUR NETWORK SERVER FOR ARCHIVING . WE HAVE GIVEN AWAY ALL OF OUR PAPER FILE DRAWERS . I PURCHASED VERSION 10 TO TRY IT OUT . I UNINSTALLED IT AND REINSTALLED VERSION 9 PROFESSIONAL THE SAME DAY . VERSION 10 HAS A SINGLE MACHINE INSTALLATION VERIFICATION PROCEDURE THAT YOU NEED TO BE AWARE OF . THE CUSTOMER SERVICE OF THIS PRODUCT IS EXTREMELY EXPENSIVE . OTHER THAN THAT , IF YOU CAN GET IT INSTALLED AND CAN AFFORD TO PURCHASE A PROGRAM FOR EACH AND EVERY MACHINE YOU OWN , THEN OK . OTHERWISE I WILL STICK WITH VERSION 9 .
 Let me say it simply - If you had to pay $ 200 for a Professional version of a program , would n't you expect great features , simplicity of use and excellent performance?Paperport 10 does not offer any of these things . Scansoft has really dropped the ball in the last 2 versions . There are some other options out there . Not as feature rich as Scansoft claims Paperport 10 is but many are FREE !!! Check out Open Source websites for free programs like PDF Creator.Don ' t waste $ 200 on this steaming pile of s # * t !
 I never got this item bec for some reason unknown the sale was cancelled by the other party .
 I found this product to be a bit dated and primitive . Every time you open the program you have to listen to the same introductory English instructions , which quickly become annoying . The links for the online portion of the lessons seemed to be inactive . The best thing about the software is that it includes interactive exercises , in which you have simulated conversations with screen characters . Unfortunately , there are only a limited number of those exercises . I returned to package to the vendor , Nothing But Software . They were very helpful , and they gave me a prompt refund . In general , I 'm sure that there are better software packages in a similar price range , for people like me who do n't want to pay $ 500 for Rosetta Stone .
 I started with this ok , but the microphone probably is n't too good . At least , I think mypronunciation is good enough to get past the second lesson -- but I could n't . I gave up onit . It might work all right with a better microphone , and I 'll try again some day .
 My 6 and 8 yr olds loved the Jump Start toddler . After that , the Jump Start games started getting really long intros and story lines that are unnecessary and BORING . We had to sit through why this mean girl wanted to hide things all over the castle . Each time we got to a game , she would say something insulting . Why ??? We just wanted to play games . We put in the language arts challenge and did poorly on our first game because we did n't know you had to hit enter after you spelled a word . Yes , I am an adult helping ! Ok , no problem , except as we were finishing that round , the voice said , `` The game is more fun if you do better '' . My son turned off the game and asked me to return it.If we could get to the games , I think that they would be fun and age appropriate like the other Jump Starts . I wish more people made this kind of game and not just Wii , Xbox , etc. .
 This software is designed for English speaking person only . The software installation instruction provided is not in Spanish in order for a non-native English person to properly install software . The software speaking narration is in English only and very hard to understand for non-English speaking person . The step by step lesson plan is strictly intended for an English speaking person . Over all this software was poorly design for a non-English person to acquire Basic English speech . Save your money on this one . .
 I played Quake on my old Apple computer and had a lot of fun with it . I was hoping to relive some of those old times with this , but I can not for the life of me get this disc to install the full version of the game . The installer seems to run , but then I get endless error messages saying `` This program must be run under Microsoft Windows '' , something about divide by zero or overflow , 16 bit subsystem is out of resources , regardless of what I use for compatibility settings , even after restarts , in DOSBox , in the command prompt , with DOS EXE settings manually configured , on and on . I 'm going to just download it from Steam . I should have noticed the product description says both shareware and that it was made by Microsoft -LRB- should be id software -RRB- .
 Okay , so I read all the reviews , but I thought I could make it work . -LRB- I use Windows 98 , and most of the problems were with 2000 . -RRB- I could n't , and I could n't uninstall it except by brute force . It installed -LRB- I even tried the clean install , putting QuickTime into safe mode , and their other suggestions -RRB- , but when I tried to open the program , it shut down and gave me an error message -LRB- `` LTS caused a divide error '' -RRB- . After waiting 10 minutes for telephone tech support -LRB- my nickel -RRB- and explaining , the guy says , `` Yeah , it does n't work . Give us your disk number and we 'll contact you when it is fixed . '' The most recent file in the program is dated 3/2/2000 -- if they have n't fixed it by now , I do n't have much hope . Anyone should be ashamed to sell such a product .
 . . sent me version 8.01 . It would n't run on my machine with Windows Me . I called their tech support and was told to send it back to the company and ask for version 8.0 . I did that and received a check for the purchase price ... So what I got was the frustration and aggravation of a program that wo n't work , and I am out the shipping charges both ways .
 This company claims to be able to teach 2 years of French by buying their CD . It sounds like a lot of fun having access to Internet lessons , study plan , pronunciation gauge . I have owned this CD for two years . This company keeps changing its website address thus rendering the software obsolete since the day I bought it . The pronunciation gauge works only sometimes and I have yet to be able to join in on any of the promised activities . I have contacted them and I am told to `` be patient '' . Do not buy this !
 I recently purchased Learn to Speak French 8.0 . The latest version of this product version 8.01 -LRB- that was shipped to me -RRB- has known program errors . Version 8.01 DOES NOT work ! I wasted a great many hours trying to install it . The Learning Company has received thousands of complaints about this product . Currently , They are trying to get version 8.01 off the shelf , and replace it with the previous version 8.0 .
 After 20 + tries to install it I gave up . Not only could I not get this to install but I could n't even uninstall it . The website was no help at all . This was on Windows 98 .
 Do n't buy this software if you run Windows ME . The version they are currently shipping is 8.01 -- this version will not work on Windows Me and The Learning Company 's technical support has no way to fix it yet . Be careful because the box is labeled version 8.0 but the actual CDs are labeled 8.01 . I wish it did run because it looks like a great program I reccomend it to those with compatible computers .
 As everyone else has noted , this program does not actually work , which makes it difficult to learn French . The only reason I am adding to the list of negative reviews is to follow through on a promise to The Learning Company 's technical support department . Not only did they fail to get the program running , it took them over two weeks of correspondence to reach the conclusion that my problem was purchasing the non-functional version 8.0.1 , despite the fact that I noted the version number in my original complaint . Every person I interacted with was lacking in both technical knowledge and basic customer support skills . Do not purchase this program , and I would avoid other Learning Company products as well .
 I ordered French 8.0 -LRB- I did not specify the version . -RRB- ; I was sent French 8.01 . This version did not work at all on my PC - DELL or on my laptop - IBM . I called the Learning Company , told them what error message I was getting ; they immediately told me that , `` this version did not work on SOME PC 's ... they did not know why . '' They offered to refund the money if I returned the product . I mailed the the product to them , last week . I am waiting for the refund .
 I have not been able to install this software . The software is advertised as being compatible with Windows ME , but I have serious doubts that it is . I consulted The Learning Company website and followed instructions that included downloading and installing a patch for Windows ME and changing the MSCONFIG file to disable all programs that load at start-up . The program still would not run . I submitted a request for assistance , gave them all the information about my operating system , memory , drivers etc. . I received advice , followed the advice , and the program still will not run . I received a second set of instructions , but they also had no effect . Throughout the process I always received the same error message . I 'm sorry I did n't pay more attention to the other negative reviews -- returning the product is a hassle . I would note that I have never had difficulty with or returned software before .
 I bought both the Learn To Speak French and Learn to Speak German . The German program works -LRB- version 8.0 -RRB- however the FRENCH -LRB- version 8.01 -RRB- DOES NOT WORK in Windows ME . After contacting the `` help '' desk at eLanguage.com , I was asked a series of questions ... all of which I had already answered . After answering them again and again they admitted that , yes indeed , the program version 8.01 has `` problems '' that they could not fix and that they 've known about for some time . I was also told that the 8.0 version supposedly does work , however it was not available . Their advice was to return the product . Swell.It appears that The Learning Company does not wish to admit that their product is faulty unless backed into a corner ... . The program , does not work on Windows ME , and there is no fix for it.I 'm sure it is a wonderful program since the German version is good however , I 'll never know . I am one UNSATISFIED CUSTOMER .
 Be careful buying this product - it is incompatible with most newer computers , and the mnaufacturer , The Learning Company no longer really exists - The Learning Company was purchased by Mattel , who offers no support for it . The TECHNICAL SUPPORT phone # 319-247-3333 provided with the product is disconnected and the CUSTOMER SERVICE phone # 617-761-3000 delivers a continuous busy signal 24 hours/day 7 days/week . - so again , BUYEER BEWARE !!!
 I did not manage to get Learn to Speak French 8.0 running on my computer . Contacting the technical support staff at The Learning Company was not helpful - the only advice they could give me was to return my software and ask for a refund ... I took me about 6 hours of installation and re-installation , including a new , clean installation of Win98 - no way to get that stuff workig - annoying , useless piece of software
 I was really looking forward to this software after all the glowing reviews . Unfortunately , I could never get it to install and run correctly . I tried 5 PCs , 3 operating systems , and all the generous support the publisher provided . I 'm a Microsoft professional , so it was n't a dumb user to blame . Tech support said they had known issues with version 8.0 and said I should send for a refund . I hope they get it corrected .
 I would advise anyone at this point not to buy this product . The product itself might be very good , but I 'll never know after finding that it can not be installed on either of my two computers . I called The Learning Company for technical support , and they admitted that this has happened to thousands of people . They have n't yet found out what the problem is , but they said they would notify me . It 's been well over a week since then , and I have not heard from them . I guess I 'm just stuck with the hassle of sending it back and waiting for a refund . Save your money and do n't buy this product !
 This is a great product , but watch out ! It only works with Win 95 and 98 , not with Win 2000 . I called Mattel 's helpline twice and both times they said that they do n't offer a patch anytime soon . If you have Win2000 , it can not be installed at all !
 Although the software is extensive , with a workbook and audio tape , I found the organization of the program difficult . As a beginner in French , I thought that I would be able to learn more than I was able to from this program . In the first 2 weeks , I went through the program , listened to the tape in my car , and attempted to go through the workbook . What I found to be lacking was the fact that it focuses on vocabulary words and phrases before teaching the grammar and logic to the language . For those of you who want an actual understanding of French past a few vocab words , I suggest you look somewhere else . The tape was also hard to understand , even at the very beginning . The speakers talked too fast , so it made it hard for me to repeat after them since I was trying to figure out what they 'd said exactly . Overall , it is a nice presentation , but I 'd hoped to gain an overall understanding of the language , not just how to say , `` I 'm fine , thank you . ''
 Installed and reinstalled programs in an attempt to get it run . Failed to work properly created error messages . Tried on two computers with same results . Very dissappointing !
 purchased this to spruce up my pronunciation but found that this version does n't work with Windows 2000 ; however , I 've now ordered version 8.1 which , supposedly , does work on my platform and will write another review after I 've received and tried it .
 Iam new customer , i am very interested to have this software entiltled '' Learn to Speak French '' . For me to evaluate and/or review this product I would like to ship me a demo CD om my follwing address : Tripoli , LibyaWaha Oil company-Planning DepartmentPo.box395Ali.H.Alsudany
 Can not ship this item outside USEarth 's Biggest Selection for US citizens !? `` Whoops ! Looks like you forgot to fill in a required form field . We ca n't post your review without text in those fields , so please fill in all fields below . `` Woops ! I 'm from 3rd world , do you guys really expect me to rate this ?
 This is only for Windows 95/98 and is not compatable with Windows xp or newer . Good deal bad deal depending on how old your computor is . In my case it was a waste of money .
 If you have ever played the original Jazz Jackrabbit , like me , this game is pretty lame . The animation 's worse , which is stupid since the original was a DOS program . The music 's not as fun , and is totally absent in many places . Spaz should have been left out . The ammo capacity is too low
 This is one of those classic faux pas of the software world like Dbase IV , Dos 4 , Delphi 4 - the cursed 4 number . So many bugs you will need two hands to swat out all the bugs in this release.First off the interface is just plain awful . Hard to navigate , difficult and unfriendly to use , impossible to set the configuration the way you would like to.Once you somehow manage to set the configuration the program proceeds to ignore your settings completely and totally as though you never entered them . I specifically set the program to ignore all Speech Type files . I ran the Uninstall option and there lo and behold were all the speech files cluttering up the window . I then went through and pinpointed just four specific files that I wanted it to ignore . No good . Their they were sitting pretty staring me in the face.At the same time applications that I wanted to unintstall such as Office 2001 , the Uninstall was completely blind to . How can this program be blind to such a large application as Office 2001 I will never understand . Office 2001 fully installed is an elephant . Spring Cleaning never saw it.Then I came to uninstall Personal Web Server . It found the app but it wanted to uninstall Control Panels along with the app . I was horrified . It was trying to uninstall Modem control panels that had nothing to do with Personal Web Server - not even remotely ! Then I came to uninstall Dreamweaver Ultradev 4 . Never saw it - not once.I wrote up all this information to Aladdin . Never heard from them . I then wrote to Digital River , the company that is responsible for the download process and they were quite willing to refund me my money.This is a cursed 4.0 program . Use at your own peril I would suggest .
 It is old , incomplete and incapable of keeping up with today 's hardware . Even then , years ago it was glitchy , full of bugs and crashing . If you think of red hat , get fedora or centos because today 's real Enterprise Red Hat is very expensive and completely different from this one . Get Fedora , on a moment of writing Fedora 13 is the newest .
 After many attempts to install , uninstall , reinstall , etc , I was never able to get this game to function properly on my computers . It might be too old to be compatible with my 5 year old Windows XP and 1 year old Windows 7 computers . None of the error messsages were among those listed on the HER Interactive technical FAQ section . The seller readily accepted the return of the game without any problems , and refunded the money which I was grateful for .
 Let me start by stating that this is only the 3rd Nancy Drew Mystery I 've played , however it is definitely the worst one of the three . I found this game to be completely tedious , frustrating and ultimately boring . I ca n't tell you how many times I just wanted to quit . When I played the other 2 I had so much fun and could n't wait to get back to them whenever I had to stop playing , this one I just dreaded . I had a hard time figuring out what I was supposed to do next , when I was n't stuck doing chores . The story was all over the place - I used a walkthrough to get thru it because I want to play all of titles . I hope the next one I play is back to being fun . At least I bought this one as part of a 4 pack so it only cost $ 14 for 4 ND titles .
 I got this new Shadow Ranch game and I was installing it and it comes up
 Advertised compatible with Mac OS , assumed X , but it 's not . It only works with Mac OS 9
 Do not waste your money , could not install this game , we try in two computers , Compaq and Dell , both with Windows , with no success , and since we have to open the software trying install it now we can not return and get our money back .
 Did n't know we 'd need classic to run this on a mac ... which means it wo n't run on our macs ... and we opened the software , which means we ca n't return it . Waste of money and a disappointed little girl .
 I ca n't use this version of Reader Rabbit because it is not compatible with windows 7 ... Waste my money because i opened the disk .
 Not sure just how good of a product this is as it would not run well on Windows 7 . The big problem is the support or lack there of . When I called the producer of the product listed on the package , they claimed they were only the distributor . The people they sent we to said they were only a distributor as well and sent me back to the first party so on and so on . So to this date , I am unable to run the product .
 I have not been able to install the installation progam disk ... I can not then use the RR personalized reading program . I have tried it on both my computers and it will not work . I bought the math at the same time and the math installation progam does work .
 OmniPage does not work , keeps showing this message : &#8220; The function you have requested can not be performed because another program already has control of the device . In the program currently using the device , save any unsaved work , close the program , and try again . &#8221; I did not start any other program , and I can not find any other program running.The instructions in the Users Manual are not easy to follow . The above quote occured when I followed instructions to Get Page .
 1 . The application did not install correctly when the card was inserted into the cingular 8125.2 . The application was installed on a 01 GB card and after installtion of a new ROM into the ppc the navigate 7 could hardly start installation .3 . Every time I wanted to add the maps , the application forced me to reformat the card . The Usert manual described that there will be a Add/Remove/Repair option , but there was none of that option . Only option was to reformat the card every time . The user manual inside the DVD box gave me no clue of even how to start injstalling the maps .4 . The manual said that the card comes preinstalled with all the maps , I could not find any map on the card .5 . I am a software quality assurance Analyst , and it took me more than 8 hours to start using it , and I have decided to return the product to the seller since I see it as a very dumb product , highly user unfriendly . In fact its the worst application of any type that I have seen so far in my 15 years career.Naveed Ul Islam
 after about 1.5 hours of practice and recalibrating over and over again , this is what the first few lines scanned from the irispen manual look like : ` he IRISPen may be the biggest sensation in computeriand since the mouse \ As efficient as computers are , you have to encode your data first . If you 've ever If y-u ` veever rekeyed text , you kn -LRB- ng and time-consuming it can be ... . The IRISPen , a unique product for every computer user , offers instantaneous vaI at your fingertips . Text rec - ! nit-o -- - her ; you.q want it , w-en 1 The IR nsist - oftw2 coE1P8 -- nts
 This worked once and then stopped calibrating , so it no longer functions . Iris claims to have customer support , but there is none . I have been calling and emailing them once a week for three months . I got one reply a month ago promising to replace it . I never got it . Their web site has little to no useful help . Iris ranks as the worse company I have ever dealt with . Pity anyone who gets a faulty pen ! What a waste of money ! I hate feeling ripped off !
 As a scholar who deals with a lot of rare material , I thought this pen would be a god-send in helping me transcribe material to my computer . The manufacturer boasts near-100 % accuracy . I give it 40 % at best . Sometimes , if you have a white piece of paper , clear , 12-point text , you can get 80 % accuracy , but this is a rare occurrence.I ended up spending more time `` correcting '' the text from the Iris Pen than I would have typing it out ... so now my $ 70 `` tool '' sits unused on my desk.I ca n't wait for the day that an actual pen-scanner works , but today is not that day .
 In short - THE IRIS PEN SUCKS , buy the CPen instead.I am a law student who had used the Cpen 800C for the past two years . I have become completely dependent on it and was crushed when it died . It turns out Cpen no longer makes that model -LRB- was portable , did n't have to be connected to your computer to use -RRB- so I stupidly decided to try the IRIS pen . It is a 100 % waste of money - it scans crap on a perfect surface and is even worse on my textbook pages that are ivory instead of pure white . After two frustrating days of trying everything I could think of to get the IRIS to scan accurately , I bought the CPen 20 . It works perfectly , you can get a 2 or 3 year warranty for $ 5 or $ 10 bucks , and for $ 13 I got a mousepad that allows you to use it as a mouse -LRB- very cool ! -RRB-
 This product fails miserably at every type of text I tried . Any font , any size , any color , it simply did n't work . I spent more time scanning , pasting , and FIXING the errors than I would have ever spent typing the text directly myself.This is n't even a good value if it were offered FREE because of the frustration level . Plus , as a Mac user , it is so clunky as to make me want to throw it out the window -LRB- I returned it instead -RRB- . Do NOT buy this unless 1 -RRB- you have a very high frustration tolerance 2 -RRB- you like using white-out 3 -RRB- you have $ 100 you want to waste or 4 -RRB- need to own every gadget , even if they do n't remotely work.Have I been clear enough how little I think of this product ??? Cheers !
 The performance of this scanner is execrable . On RARE occasions , it surprises you with a perfect scan of an entire line of text . On the other 24 scans , the quality ranges from totally garbled -LRB- not one character correct -RRB- to its `` high quality '' of text requiring a minimum of 5 corrections per line.The only possible justification for buying this pen scanner is to use with a notebook in a library where a copier or flatbed scanner is n't available . Even then , be prepared to scan each line 5 or 6 times to get a usable entry -LRB- which will still contain errors -RRB- . I gave this product 1 star because that 's the lowest option . It deserves a zero or lower.The two 5-star ratings above can ONLY have been given by ringers , in my opinion .
 This ` scanner ' is a joke . I returned it the same day.It was very poor in reading text . Total waste of money .
 IRISPen ExpressI had previously used pen scanners that had 95 to 98 % accuracy , but with the disappearance of serial ports , those became useless.The IRISPen was expected to be a good replacement , but almost every single word had one or more errors in it . I can type faster than that , since I 'd have to fix almost every word . I returned the scanner . BIG disappointment .
 it does n't pick up the data very quickly and is very sensitive to how the lighting is in the room/on my desk . It almost is n't functional in my office space -LRB- which has lots of shadows as it has dark wook walls/ceiling .
 The iris pen is a great idea , but this one does n't work at all . I would like to return it .
 I purchased this pen to scan in hundreds of sets of contact information from a typed directory . We would have used a flat bed scanner and OCR to do the work if we wanted all the names on all the directory pages , but we only wanted select names from some of the pages and we did n't want to have to type them all in by hand.To be fair , the directory print was quite small and the lines were pretty close together so I was not certain that the IRIS would do the trick when I purchased . It would have been nice to know that the pen could not be calibrated to pickup type that was 7 point in size and line spacing . However , even when trying to use the IRIS on larger print with adequate spacing -LRB- 10 point print -RRB- it became clear that without a very steady hand and consistent ` swipe speed ' the pen could not recognize enough of the characters to make it worthwhile to use.I do not recommend this product ... I ended up sending mine back because it was far less time consuming to just type the data instead of working with this device .
 I bought these programs for my four year old daughter and I am not impressed . From what I can see they only offer `` Same or Different '' and `` Does it Belong '' . I was hoping for more like letters , numbers , pre-reading . She gets bored quickly with these games . Another problem is they do n't allow you to save where you are so every time you start the program you have to start at the beginning.I also bought the Leap Frog Learning DVDs and they are excellent . My daughter knows all the alphabet sounds and is already starting to put words together .
 Its all 2-D extremely basic with pretty much no cool features . Save your money . Most good engineering programs cost much more , but are 15 times better . You 're better off with an etch-a-sketch .
 Do you ever feel that buying upgrades are a waste of money . Well , this one is a waste of your money . I bought into the hype that you can locate ATM 's anywhere in the country and the maps were updated.If your looking for an ATM in Maine , Alabama , Vermont , Wisconsin , and other states , do n't bother . Streets and Trips show there are no ATM 's in most of the United States . Canada has a few.The Maps are not updated as well . A seven year old neighborhood still is n't showing up in Streets and Trips . Other programs and the internet map sites have had our neighborhood for a few years.If you have an old copy of Street and Trips or MapPoint , continue to use and save your money . I guess this is how a company can continue making a billion dollars a month without creating anything new . Lets hope in a few years Streets and Trips will be brought up to date and include what the marketing guys tell us .
 Do you ever feel that buying upgrades are a waste of money . Well , this one is a waste of your money . I bought into the hype that you can locate ATM 's anywhere in the country and the maps were updated.If your looking for an ATM in Maine , Alabama , Vermont , Wisconsin , and other states , do n't bother . Streets and Trips show there are no ATM 's in most of the United States . Canada has a few.The Maps are not updated as well . A seven year old neighborhood still is n't showing up in Streets and Trips . Other programs and the internet map sites have had our neighborhood for a few years.If you have an old copy of Street and Trips or MapPoint , continue to use and save your money . I guess this is how a company can continue making a billion dollars a month without creating anything new . Lets hope in a few years Streets and Trips will be brought up to date and include what the marketing guys tell us .
 Do you ever feel that buying upgrades are a waste of money . Well , this one is a waste of your money . I bought into the hype that you can locate ATM 's anywhere in the country and the maps were updated.If your looking for an ATM in Maine , Alabama , Vermont , Wisconsin , and other states , do n't bother . Streets and Trips show there are no ATM 's in most of the United States . Canada has a few.The Maps are not updated as well . A seven year old neighborhood still is n't showing up in Streets and Trips . Other programs and the internet map sites have had our neighborhood for a few years.If you have an old copy of Street and Trips or MapPoint , continue to use and save your money . I guess this is how a company can continue making a billion dollars a month without creating anything new . Lets hope in a few years Streets and Trips will be brought up to date and include what the marketing guys tell us .
 ... this program is pretty decent . If you want to actually get to where you need to go , forget it . I visit dozens of work sites each weeks , and I 'd say two out of 10 locations I put into S&T '04 it either can not find at ALL , or it 's put on the map not even close to the actual address -LRB- the best one last week was on the correct street , in the correct city , and about 2 miles south of where it actually was -RRB- . I looked up my home town , and found that , according to MS , have moved a couple miles south , including a 40-room hotel.Another point of annoyance , my client 's corporate offices use MS `` MapPoint '' software to track locations . MS S&T '04 does n't read or even import MapPoint map locations . Same company , same function of software , do n't talk to each other . Go figure.I was not a user of any previous versions of S&T , nor will I be a user of any future versions of this software ... Going to find something that 's Palm-friendly , too .
 Do NOT waste your money on this version . I made the mistake of installing it and uninstalling my previous version . Now I 'm screwed . This crashes most of the time and when it doesn `` t its not nearly as good as the older version .
 Within half an hour of buying this product I realized I would be returning it . Two of the first four addresses I tried it got wrong - one was placed about a mile from where it should be -LRB- even though the map listed a restaurant at the same address at the correct location -RRB- and one was not found because they had the city wrong for the address . When pasting an address copied from one of the sites of interest into the find box , the application froze up and had to be killed . Utter garbage .
 Streets & Trips 2004 crashes every time I try to find a particular address . MDAC 2.8 and Jet 4.0 Service Pack 8 did n't fix anything . Nice software , Microsoft . What is it that you do again ?
 Coming to Canada from Europe , I hoped that this would be similar to the excellent Autoroute products I had used there . The front end and user stuff is the same , and pretty decent . But the problem is the limited number of road/place ID 's . Within a month of buying it -LRB- on the day it was released -RRB- I identified 4 locations that it could n't find . And that is n't just roads , some towns and villages are n't there either . It also is n't smart enough to find ` Street ' or ` Road ' - it requires the abbreviation . Maybe it is better in USA , but for Canada it 's a big disappointment .
 Beware purchasing Microsoft Streets and Trips programs . I received this software free along with my purchase in 2000 of a Dell portable computer . I grew to love MS Streets and Trips and used it for every trip I would take , to map the area I was going to . Then I upgraded to Windows XP and POOF ! Streets and Trips software worked no more . When I called both Dell and Microsoft to find out why , I was told I needed to pay $ 30 for a one-time technical assistance session to fix the problem ! What a complete and utter rip off ! Next time I 'll find some other software made by a company who is n't as error-prone and/or greedy .
 I recently upgraded from MS Streets & Trips 2002 to the new 2004 verison . Everything looked great until you tried to use it and find my custom push pins with their corresponding data . Everything scattered all over the USA . I have worked online with Microsoft for about three weeks and their final correspondence recommended that I send the program back to them . Some customer service !! Time to switch to Delorme
 Although this program is useful in many ways , it suffers from two major faults
 I really liked `` Streets 98 '' so I thought the 2004 version would be even better . Ha ! It 's considerably worse . They 've apparently decided to remove the subway -LRB- Metro -RRB- line from the Washington , D.C. area , and also remove the public schools . The old version showed both just fine . The 2004 maps are harder to read , and the icons are often tiny , so you do n't know what you are looking at . The old version showed parks in a nice green color . The new version has a more neutral color so it 's harder to know where the parks end . Stupid me for not reading these other reviews first . Apparently there are a lot of other complaints I have n't found yet , but other users have . I would like to know how mighty Microsoft can screw up like this
 I use map programs mainly to estimate distance and trip times . I tried out this program by asking for a route from the Temple , TX area -LRB- an hour south of Waco on I35 -RRB- to Houston . Houston is practically in the Gulf of Mexico so it is south -LRB- and east -RRB- ! This wacko program told me to go north to Waco , then loop around to get on I45 way east of Waco and then on to Houston for a 4 + hour trip time , 2 hours longer than it normally should take . If you select the shortest route , it will send you over every dirt road there is . I was SO impressed . I next had it find my home street address . Secondary roads only appeared when you zoomed way in , at which point , you lost your perspective . With difficulty , I managed to follow the roads to my house . While it listed address numbers on my street , they were all way off . While I plan to try using this product a few more times , I think I 'll keep my old Delorme 8.0 road atlas program . That , plus a recent Rand McNally road atlas from Walmart , should keep me on the right path .
 I bought this product just for the pocket street as it does n't make sense to take your lap in the car to look at maps and directions . Well was disappointing for 2 reasons :1 - you have to cut the map yourself for instance I tried to put whole michigan on my PDA , it would n't let me , although I had enough memory on my iPAQ memory card . It let me put part of a map e.g. . The Detroit area . The company should pre-divide the maps to larger parts that can be place on the PDA2 - The GPS
 I was very disappointed in this product . There are two speciific functional omssions that make this product unacceptable to me : - When listing all areas of interest along a route , you can sort either aphabetically or by distance from the centerline of your route , neither of which is of any value to me . Instead , I 'd like to sort by distance from an end-point , but such an obvious feature appears to be missing . - While you can create a `` drive-zone '' , you ca n't really do anything with the `` drive-zone '' once you 've created it . I 'd really like to be able to do something like `` show me all of the campgrounds within a 3 hour drive from this point '' , but such obvious functionality appears to be missing.Searches are also limited to a 50 mile radius .
 I bought this software mainly for Pocket Streets and Trips . As it tuns out , when I export a map to my PocketPC the pushpins are in the right spot -LRB- relative each other -RRB- but the map is of an entirely different county!No updates are available and of course Microsoft insists everything is fine .
 I was disappointed by not being able to even try the software out . Every time I would try to find an address , the software would crash . I found this to be a common problem for all gererations of the software according to Microsoft 's knowledge base . There is no patch to fix the problem that I could find , only a `` workaround '' which did n't work for me . Therefore , my ability to offer an informed rating is inhibited by my inability to even use the software .
 I bought this higher priced product thinking it that it would be easy to use and up to date . Well , I was wrong . I used it to check to see if this product showed a shopping mall in my neighbor and it did n't . It did n't even show the roads being there and the fact that the shopping mall has been there for 3 years is quite maddening . Trying to get directions from the help section is truly a nightmare . The one thing that it does do well is connect you to the website where they try to sell more microsoft products .
 Microsoft Streets and Trips 2004 should be called Microsoft Streets and Trips 1992 . There are many streets missing in this program . There are streets in my city that were built 3 + years ago that are not in this program . I do not recommend .
 This product is totally worthless for getting from point A to B . It does not begin to compare with the free sites on the internet . I have n't been pleased with any map yet that I have prepared . -LRB- One went 22 miles out of the way and took 30 minutes longer . -RRB- It 's logic makes no sense to me whatsoever . Do not waste your money on this software .
 I bought Streets and Trips thinkign that I would be able to get directional information and guidence with my GPS for my pocket pc . All i got was a you are here Circle on the map . I am switching
 This is my first try with a map program . I work as a home care physical therapist , and was excited to be able to save my clinets ' addresses in the program for directions , mileage calculation , etc. . Well in 9 out of 10 cases , the program leaves off the final turn in the directions , and puts the person 's house in the previous intersection . If you 're driving around in unfamiliar territory and try and read the directions , it 's very confusing . I like Yahoo! Maps online , because it lets me save my `` favorite '' addresses by client name . S&T seems to only let me save the address . S&T , unlike Yahoo! maps , does calculate mileage with several stops , but I do n't trust the accuracy.I thought it was fun to plot out our upcoming trip from Colorado to Glacier National Park , but it takes a lot of the adventure out of the trip . I think I 'd rather stick with paper maps and a `` let 's turn here and see what happens '' kind of spirit . We play a game when traveling where the person in the passenger seat is the navigator , the driver has to go where the passenger says , and we ca n't go on any interstate highways . We went all the way from Colorado to Wisconsin this way , and saw some really cool sites . I 'm sure the map program would have just taken us across I-80 .
 this software is horrible . i 'm going back to my old street 98 . i hear Deluo Routis 2004 is an excellent software . GPS supported
 Evidently all the makers of mapping software use the same,error-filled , database . Delorme used to be excellent , buteach new edition goes down hill . Someone suggested thatMicrosoft 's `` Streets & Trips 2004 '' was useful . Nope!It has the same errors plus a few new ones.All of them route people from I-65 back onto I-65 instead ofonto the road to my home . Microsoft added insult to injuryby putting the wrong name on my street .
 Do you ever feel that buying upgrades are a waste of money . Well , this one is a waste of your money . I bought into the hype that you can locate ATM 's anywhere in the country and the maps were updated.If your looking for an ATM in Maine , Alabama , Vermont , Wisconsin , and other states , do n't bother . Streets and Trips show there are no ATM 's in most of the United States . Canada has a few.The Maps are not updated as well . A seven year old neighborhood still is n't showing up in Streets and Trips . Other programs and the internet map sites have had our neighborhood for a few years.If you have an old copy of Street and Trips or MapPoint , continue to use and save your money . I guess this is how a company can continue making a billion dollars a month without creating anything new . Lets hope in a few years Streets and Trips will be brought up to date and include what the marketing guys tell us .
 A nice product -LRB- much better than Delorme or Rand McNally -RRB- . If you do n't have this , I would opt for a previous -LRB- cheaper -RRB- version . Some new subdivisions are updated , but lots of things which happened in 2003 -LRB- oops , i mean 2004 -RRB- are NOT updated.The outerloop I-485 in Charlotte . It 's the same as in S&T ; 2002 . Not updated.I-90 East Ted Williams extension to Logan Airport from Bigdig project . Not shown.Huge bug with I-65 circling around downtown Nashville . They simply changed I-265 to I-65 , but left the old route also signed as I-65 . How could they overlook this ? I saw this right away . Not one -LRB- Microsoft -RRB- tester saw this?US31 has n't gone through the heart of Indianapolis in years . It 's been merged onto I-465 a long time ago . It 's still inaccurate on this map . They do n't even have the I-865 dogleg on the map for Indianapolis yet and that 's been over 2 years.Even simple stuff like the devil 's US-666 in NW New Mexico changing to US-491 is not there.Bugs with railroads in Canada disappearing are still not fixed.This is called 2004 !! But , I see nothing for 2004 here . If you 're going to charge me for updates , then I WANT TO SEE UPDATED MAPS . 2004 does n't even appear in the Help menu , Install menu , or the splash screen . It 's extremely rushed , but I see no reason it should be rushed since it came out in July 2003 . Some changes are there -LRB- Phoenix -RRB- , but many are simply left out . UNSATISFACTORY to road geek fans who look forward to accurate updated information each year.You 'd be better off going to the used software shop and getting yourself an older edition to save money . It 's practically the same thing .
 I was disappointed to find that the 2004 version of S&T has a significant functional regression from the 2001 version.In S&T 2001 you could paste a USPS conforming address into the Find box , and S&T would convert it to its internal format . For example , an address such as 13350 US Highway 19 N , Clearwater , Florida would be converted to 13350 US-19 N , Clearwater , FL.S & T 2004 no longer does this conversion and therefore you can no longer just copy and paste -LRB- or import -RRB- a ` standard ' address . It is really hard to believe no one noticed this during pre-release testing . The end result is that when you copy / paste or simply type a perfectly legitimate address into the Find box , the software wo n't find it!Among the online sites Rand McNally , MapQuest , Yahoo! Map , InfoSpace and Multimap all handle the conforming addresses just fine , but MapBlast and Maps On Us choke on it just as S&T 2004 does . Maybe the software that does n't work is using the same mapping data base ? Anyway , this is a fatal functionally regression and makes the software unusable for my purposes.I 'd return this new version but it was given to me as a Christmas gift , so I guess I 'll just add the two CDs to my existing stack of AOL coasters .
 Good for maps , really poor support for GPS . It only shows your current location as a car icon on the map.No direct support for major GPS brands -LRB- i.e. no waypoint management or downloading , track upload or download , etc. -RRB- No route downloading to or uploading from GPS!No speed , heading , direction indicator on the car icon , etc.No map rotation -LRB- North is always up -RRB- No Track recordingNo Screen and/or Voice turn commands ! -LRB- it wo n't tell you that you turn is coming up -RRB- It amazes me that some of this functionality with is available in freeware apps is n't included in S&T 2004 . Gon na try Street Atlas.Good ease of use and functionality for regular map users .
 I 'm not sure why Microsoft decided to distribute this version . It may be easy to use , but among other things , many addresses are not recognized , what you see on your computer screen is not what comes out on your printer , the location icons are misplaced on the printed version , street names are often not included on the screen - and often when the street names ARE on the screen , they are NOT on the printed version . There are a lot of problems with this program . I used to use Rand/McNally 's Street Finder , but they do n't currently have a PC version or one compatable with XP . My advise - Keep looking .
 If you want to make the expense report process twice as difficult as it needs to be , then this is the product for you . I would send mine back if they actually accepted returns . No wonder there is no demo !
 Despite much info on the Symantec site indicating version 8.0 is ready for Panther , it 's actually quite worthless . Sure , you can use `` Live Update '' to install the 8.0.1 update that supposedly supports Panther -LRB- 10.3 . x -RRB- , but that 's of little use since both Disk Doctor and Speed Disk are worthless when run from the startup volume -LRB- the only place thay can be installed -RRB- . Therefore , the `` emergency '' startup CD becomes an ultra-critical item for this utility since you 'll need it whenever you want to optimize your startup disk . Yet there are no instructions anywhere on their site on how to make a new `` emergency '' startup CD . The version 8.0.0 startup CD WILL NOT work with Panther 's journaled file system.As an added `` bonus '' , Symantec has included a disk move/copy utility that is very dangerous . I tried to back up my system onto another partition using it . The first thing you 'll notice , other than the sub-shareware appearance and total lack of any tooltips or help , is that there 's no status or progress indication whatsoever . Worse still , I found out later that it had only copied 8 GB of my 23 GB of files . I 'm glad I noticed that before I relied on the backed-up files!I would give this package zero stars if that were an option ! Do n't buy this utility !
 I booted up my Mac off the CD containing the software , as was recommended . After the software scanned my disk and , uh , ` repaired ' it , I was unable to get back into my operating system and the screen came up the dreaded big Question Mark . After having the guy at the Apple Store fiddle with my computer , I used Disk Warrior -LRB- which I now know is a much better product -RRB- and had the fellow at Apple reinstall OS X ; the whole thing took 3 hours , I was able to retreive some information , but most of my system needed to be reconfigured and much was lost . I called Symantec for help -LRB- $ 29.95 per call -RRB- and they could n't help me . I had to pay someone hundreds of dollars to fix my computer . Avoid this product !!
 I used Norton 8.0 and later upgraded via LiveUpdate to 8.0.1 in order to make Norton compatible with Panther . Oof . What a disaster . Speed Disk did nothing to speed up my computer . I had several MAJOR disk problems over the course of the past 3 months , and Norton did not fix them . Norton fixed a TON of dates that it said needed to be fixed , for icon purposes , but that 's it ! Most recently , after waiting for my computer to boot for 15 minutes -LRB- stuck on the dreaded spinning disk at startup -RRB- after running Norton , I scrapped the entire plan , reinstalled Panther and YAY my computer works nicely now . Before spending the money , try using Disk Utility on your OSX disks ... or reinstall your system which you already paid good money for . I think it can only work better then this .
 The software that utilizes the headset/microphone directly into the computer works relatively well -LRB- in a totally silent room -RRB- . However , this `` mobile '' version -LRB- where you dictate into a digital recorder then upload into your computer -RRB- did not work at all . I called SoftScan tech support and not only could they not help me , I was told if I called again , I would be charged for another tech session . I have since learned that Version 8 -LRB- Mobile -RRB- was marketed exclusively to AMAZON customers -LRB- and not the general public -RRB- and that the company has decided to drop this version because of problems with the digital recorder 's software that can not be fixed .
 Avoid this package , stick with Dragon Dictate Perferred and buy a high qualiy Sony Digital Voice Recorder -LRB- DVR -RRB- . The DVR crashed my system using Windows XP with SP2 -LRB- service pack 2 installed -RRB- . The driver are not Microsoft certified and scansoft only gives this DVR a 2 out five on it 's own web site . AVOID THIS PACKAGE
 The recorder , described only as `` high quality '' , is anything but . I purchased this as a package in hopes of minimizing the risks of incompatibity . I would have been far better off buying the software and a decent recorder separately . getting it to work required hours of digging through the tech support logs on the scansoft site and even then the supposedly simple `` comversion '' was cumbersome . upon identifying the `` high quality recorder '' as a SIMS , even scansoft rates it very low on accuracy in their compatibility charts . feel they pulled `` a fast one '' on a trusting consumer . would like my money back . fat chance .
 I bought this software to use for dictating research notes and transcribing them . I have had the worst experience installing this very expensive technology onto my laptop , with repeated error messages about my sound card , and nowhere to turn for technical support . I would definitely not recommend this product , and hope I can get a full refund . It has been a very disappointing experience .
 Amazon is a great place to shop in that they took back 2 copies of this that did not install / work.Too bad there is n't an option for 0 stars.I had version 9 for several years and it worked great . After installing a large RAID -LRB- several hard drives -RRB- for digitizing some videos , I needed to upgrade because unfortunately v. 9 could not handle over a certain size.I do n't know if the full version is any good but DO NOT OREDER THIS UPGRADE . It keeps saying that it is `` trialware '' and keeps asking you to register it . I sent the first one back thinking there was something wrong with the license key - but it happened again with the second one.Sometimes it wo n't start with windows -LRB- XP SP2 -RRB- . If you try to manually start it - It says `` can not start service '' tells you to look at the events - but there is nothing there of any use.If you call their 800 tech support # , they send you to an extension that rings about 10 times until a message comes on and says `` WE do NOT offer tech support to home users - see our website '' . Bad software design + no support = GET SOMETHING ELSE !
 Do n't waste your money on this lame program . It 's very user unfriendly . You spend most of your time trying to figure out how to use the program and when you do , you wonder why am I learning these strange useless sentences . There 's a tiny screen with a bad movie with Andre and his aunt and uncle with subtitles somewhere . There 's no way of knowing what activity to do first . Is there a vocabulary reference somewhere ? The layout and graphics look like they were put together by a junior high computer class . Actually they 'd probably put together a better product , more like a nursing home computer class .
 I decided to try this when my Sansa clip LCD failed . As I disliked some of the media organisation of the clip , maybe this would be better . Not even close . Very poor access design , low res lcd screen and non intuitive button use . I simply could not get it to play simple mp3 files . 3rd rate documentation was no help . Going back to the Clip .
 Our family has always enjoyed the Oregon Trail games . We bought versions 1 and 2 and have had a wonderful time with them.My son paid for version 5 with his allowance hoping to find the same quality . To our dismay , it would not run with our XP software even though the box states it is compatible . We thought maybe it was a problem with the cd itself.I purchased another trio pack of software which included another cd of Oregon Trail 5 . We had hoped it would run , but found that the same error message would appear as before . We too , tried to recieve software support for this , but found we were out of luck like the reviewer before me had stated . The company also will not give a refund for the game since it was not directly purchased from them but rather through a third party .
 Buyer beware . These titles are out of date and no longer supported by Broderbund . The Oregon Trail would not even run on Windows XP as advertised without fault errors even after trying to run it in compatibility mode as suggested by the support site . What a waste of money .
 It will not play on Windows XP ! Tryed all the tips on the internet about fixing the issue , but still wont work ! Dont buy if you have windows XP or better !
 This software does n't run under Windows XP , plain and simple , even if you try the compatibility settings for eariler versions of Windows . Save yourself the money and disappointment , do not purchase this software .
 I got this game in an Apple Store , my kid played it on one of the provided computers while I was looking around . I would check with him from time to time , and he seemed to be very much into the game , trying to identify the keys on the keyboard . He plays on a computer at home almost daily , but this was the first time I saw him preoccupied learning the keyboard.The box I got contains three CD , as opposed to only two advertised in this package . The other two are called `` Spellbound '' and `` Writing Practice '' . Out of them , only the `` Typing '' CD worked on a PowerBook running MacOS X 10.4 -LRB- a PowerPC processor -RRB- . The other two sadly require MacOS 9 to be installed . While this might be fine for a PowerPC-based machine , it wo n't work on the new Intel-based Macs . The typing CD seems to be running fine on a new MacPro Intel-based system.One thing which is really bothersome is the fact the software requires the original CD to be inserted in order to run . I guess the reason is to protect from piracy , but is this really working ? For paying customers , their small kids are going to always ask their parent 's help before playing the game . This will only reduce the time the kids spend with the software , as CDs are often misplaced and hard to find later . Why require this for a less than $ 20 program ? There are so many other ways to make this work , the developers should really investigate them .
 The product did not work on my Dell Inspiron Laptop with windows XP . But TLC does not support Laptops for their program . It says so also on their homepage that this program is not tested for Laptops.Hello , The learning Company !!! it 's 2007 . Actually most computers are laptops today .
 The boxed set does NOT include a Mac OS X version . If you want that , you should buy the separate version specifically for OS X . The windows version is actually not as featured filled as the OS X version .
 This software was published in 1998 , written for Windows 3.1 . The setup has been slightly modified to install on Windows 95 . It forces installation of an old version of QuickTime for Windows 3.1 , and will only run at a screen resolution of 640 x 480 pixels . My 15 '' laptop LCD screen is 1024 x 768 pixels , so this runs only on a 9 '' diagonal section of the screen.Since it was not written for XP , plan on letting your kindergartener run with admin privileges , as it 's the only way this software will run , if you can ever get it to install.It was nice that the publisher took the time to update the box with claims that it 's XP-compatible . It would have been nicer if they had actually spent a few hours updating the software so that it actually was XP-compatible .
 Windows 7 does n't work with this software . Same with a lot of software for my 5 yr . old that I buy from Amazon.Talk about selling old software . But I need to check before buying . I just assumed that software would work in Windows 7 .
 I purchased 2 copies of this in May , 2007 -LRB- one pro-premier version , one pro version -RRB- . It installed and activated -LRB- or so it said -RRB- without any problems . The problem was that it requested reactivation frequently until , after 30 days , it was disabled.I contacted Diskeeper customer support and they said to download it again from their site and reactivate . I did , and the result was the same . This was repeated another 4 times
 I am a computer software tech-I had/HAVE DK Pro Premier 10 , and it REALLY speeds up my high end computer -LRB- DELL XPS400 - 3.2 ghz Pentium D , XP , 2 gig of memory , ... -RRB- - IFAAST is GREAT -LRB- programs ... , open sooo fast !!! -RRB- ! The only 10 con , was the manual scheduling ... ! 2007 SOUNDED good in theory - with auto-everything ... , but I experienced BAD problems ... ?! - I did the free trial -LRB- I suggest you do the same , if you MUST ! -RRB- , and went back to Pro Premier 10 ! At first 2007 was good , but after awhile -LRB- 10 days -RRB- - my computer got slower & slower & I started having weird problems ... with programs ... installed AFTER 2007 -LRB- auto-updates ... , cookies corrupted -LRB- log ons ... -RRB- , ... ? -RRB- ? I searched around , and found I had MANY lost data ... fragments on my HD -LRB- Hard Drive -RRB- ??? The other odd thing , was that XP ALWAYS had indexing errors -LRB- XP looses track ... -RRB- - I did an XP repair , and it had MANY errors , on a relatively fresh complete XP/system install ? -RRB- ? HUH?I ran `` SEVERAL '' FULL system diagnostics -LRB- I have GOOD ones ... ! -RRB- , and everything was ok ? ~ ~ ~ I uninstalled 2007 , and cleaned up my system ... -LRB- `` multiple '' program re-installs , ... -RRB- - I then re-installed 10 , and my 2007 problems DISAPPEARED ... !? My opinion -LRB- from the tech book ... ! -RRB- -1 . You NEVER make a program install/uninstall or ANY system change ... -LRB- delete ... ! -RRB- , following a HD defrag , until AFTER you do a restart -LRB- XP/Vista loves restarts ! - Puts `` your systems ducks ... in the fresh PROPER order ... '' ! -RRB- ! 2 . 2007 is CONSTANTLY defraging -LRB- even DURING an install ... ! -RRB- , and with no activity icon on the 2007 taskbar -LRB- like 10 has ! -RRB- - you NEVER know what is happening -LRB- sensory deprivation ! -RRB- , or what you are interrupting ... ?! A defrag/Ifaast moves HD data back-and-forth ... - If you did a restart ... in the middle ... - XP could loose track ... ! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ IMPORTANT added DK NOTES ! -1 . If/When setting up your MFT size ! - DO NOT use their `` recommended '' `` HUGE '' ! index size !!! - REALLY slows your system ... , and no roll-back ... ! - Manually specify ... ! - 50,000-100 ,000 index records , as this is plenty -LRB- you can add more later , if necessary - but ca n't subtract ... ! -RRB- ! 2 . Do n't auto-defrag/Ifaast with 10 , for the above reasons -LRB- do a restart first , before manual scheduling ... ! -RRB- .3 . If you already bought 2007 - Disable their auto-everything ... , and you should be ok ?
 I had similar experience to the previous reviews that said it caused disk corruption . Fortunately I had full disk backups so I could restore , but even with that , I lost 4 days of work data because of this problem . I now have this product turned off , and I plan to return it . Its too bad because I 've always used Diskeeper and its been such a great product , until now . It causes hard disk corruption , I had a bad boot sector and hundreds of index errors that chkdsk fixed but left the OS unbootable . Do n't buy it !
 A fine product in its time , but unlike fine wine , it has not improved with age -LRB- 5 years -RRB- , and MS Visual Studio 2008 is now the program to use .
 I was very dissappointed when the dvd `` None Month Miracle '' got delivered to my son & daughter-in-law . They are expecting their first baby & I remember how wonderful the dvd was for us years ago . Unfortunately , the dvd was made for computers - YEARS AGO ! It did n't work with their new mac computer . So I wasted my money & they got all excited thinking they were going to enjoy the 3-d graphics & everything , only to be very dissappointed too . You should have to make it clear what operating systems - & how OLD ! the dvd is . It was from back in like 1996 ! Such a shame !
 this product was NOT as advertised . It is only compatible with Mac OS9 , rather than OS 10 , as described in the blurb . It 's a great program , which I used for years , but without the update to OS 10 , it is useless . I sent it back . I would gladly buy a version compatible with my current Mac -- but i do n't think it exists . I do n't know who is to blame for the misleading advertising .
 This product crashes on all of the XP 's that I have attempted to load it on and as far as I can tell it can not be made to work properly with XP-Home . I have called Data Becker and have sent emails to them concerning this issue and have contacted the German parent company - No response ! Their Warranty reads `` DATA BECKER DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE . THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PROFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS WITH YOU . '' - Believe me , they mean this !
 If your documents have equations edited by MS equation editor . PDF producer can not handle it nicely . Instead it leaves some ugly symbols on your created PDF files .
 PDF Producer is rather old , so you should check out RoboPDF 3.0 from eHelp software instead . They offer a free trial download on their website .
 I should have read the reviews on this product before buying it . It would have saved me a lot of time and trouble trying to contact Databecker for support . What support ? They do n't answer your emails . Since they do not provide live telephone support and ask you to either leave a voicemail or send an email , how are you supposed to get any support if they do n't respond to either ? My advice - do n't touch any Data becker product unless you are 100 % confident you can get it up and running without any support whatsoever .
 I have purchased this product from a source outside of Amazon.com . I have e-mailed for Tech support and as of today -LRB- 2 weeks after I have e-mailed the company and 2 days after calling -RRB- I have yet to received the needed tech support . I have been unable to use this product since purchasing this product more than 3 weeks ago .
 PDF Producer creates PDF documents that can be read only by the most recent version of Adobe Acrobat Reader . For beginning computer users this is daunting , since sometimes they must be coached to on how to install the Acrobat program . Having to install 6.0 if they 've installed an earlier version upsets them . The quality of the documents is good , though , but not searchable .
 I installed the product on XP machine . Every boot I get dialog boxes about my new found hardware - printer . Tried remove / reinstall , same.Several requests for support to Data Becker have went unanswered . They do not care . They are selling -LRB- what is to me -RRB- a defective product and they do not care . They have my money and they will not support my product purchase . They do not care.You must never purchase Data Becker products . You must never allow your family or friends to purchase Data Becker products .
 IVISTA no longer exists . It was either sold or bought up by another product . This product is completely worthless since it is based on the Web Servers which no longer are supported .
 This program is NOT what I expected , especially that Reader Rabbit is so famous . Like one review said , it does n't really teach with visual clues how to add or substract . There are just questions and 4 answers in that particular game , and you have to pick the right answer . I thought I would find a program to help me teach my child to UNDERSTAND these things , not to have the child memorize the answers . My child is a beginner , never heard about addition or substractions before . It is not that I expect a program or a game to be my child 's teacher , but it could be a good help.And one more thing that dissapointed me was that sometimes it is not clear what you need to do . I had to guess that I needed to click in the window -LRB- random -RRB- when one game was over , to have another one start.And why is the window so small , I do n't see it on the whole screen , it is just maybe half or so , in the middle of the screen . Maybe this is a particular case , I do n't know.I need to do more research for better Math games . -LRB- I did find some very good reading DVD 's . Not Reader Rabbit . I got that one too , but I am much more pleased with Leap Into Phonics , the BEST so far for my 3 year old who is learning to read -RRB-
 Can not review this item since it will not open on either the Mac or Windows 7 . Software too old of a version .
 Unfortuantely , my little one was disappointed because this product does not work on her new gateway computer . It is not compatiable with the newer software . Totally not the sellers fault but still disappointing .
 very let down doesnt work on xp computers it wouldnt work on my computer and my computer is only 3 years old
 We had issues from the time we tried to install . The copyright is 1999 and it insisted we did n't have sufficient memory -LRB- as if 2 Gs is n't good enough -RRB- . There was an error message during installation and when I went to the website their solutions were incomplete and phone support for this product is no longer available .
 I am incredably frustrated with this product since it would not work on my computer . It sounded like my computer met the requirements ; but unfortunately , it would n't work .
 Although it said it was compatible with my computer when the disk is put is it states that it is not .
 I have been using Corel Essentials , the white with horizontal blue green box -LRB- original version -RRB- for quite some time , I decide to upgrade to the `` newest version 2 '' . So , I fork out $ 80 plus shipping . Got it 5 days later ; I installed the software , all looks good ... then I start using it , standard features from version one are GONE!There are no upgrade gimmicks or download this or that , they were just simply removed - my most used features!Unacceptable , I contacted customer support , they were very polite and helpful but recommended for my imaging needs to regress to Corel Essentials , the Original software I had as the new `` one omits many features '' the second version just does not cut it.I am just bit dissapointed in the company but though -LRB- and give credit where is due -RRB- Corel Essentials is so far the Best I have used so I can and wont beat them up too much in their effort to sell less in a `` new & not much improved '' new box . -LRB- every corporation does this - from cereal to soap -RRB- My advise , stick with the original Essentials version and save a bunch of money .
 I can not open the software . I wants a serial number . I have no idea who to call ; Corel or Amazon .
 I was a regular user of CorelDraw 8 for Windows 98 on my older computer . When I bought a new machine , Draw 8 would not work with Windows XP , so I needed a newer program to access and edit my . cdr files . I called Corel Corp. in Canada who assured me that Essentials contained basically everything in CorelDraw 11 -LRB- and therefore my version 8 -RRB- . After receiving the program , I found it to be a severely stripped down program , missing most of the essential components of the earlier programs . It is really frustrating when so many of the useful features are `` grayed out '' or just plain missing . Save your money and avoid this one .
 Even for the $ 50 or whatever I spent on this , this is by far the worst graphics program I 've ever used . Utterly counterintuitive , it also does random things during export that I do n't care to figure out how to fix . Ugh . CorelDRAW , you deserve to go out of business for releasing such a poor product . I most certainly do not recommend this .
 This program was recommmended to me . I purchased a computer controlled engraving system . I was told to purchaseEssentials to convert art to vectors so my machine could read and engrave it . The `` improved '' and `` updated '' program can not do this . I am very disappointed in it , as the previous version was not available . Since the vector capability was not part of the `` improved '' version , the whole progarm is useless for my purpose .
 I 've used Simply Accounting for my small business for 12 months . It is a decent basic accounting package with all the features you would expect . However , it is hard to work with and extremely unforgiving.The first problem is that Simply Accounting assumes that you will always enter all transactions in ascending date order , and that you use the program at least every week . The root cause is Simply Accounting 's concept of the `` current session date '' . The program complains if you enter any transaction that is more than 7 days before or after this date . It also complains if you then try to move the session date to another date more than 7 days away -- as if this were some major accounting heresy . So if you are going through your paperwork catching up on your accounts at the end of the month , this gets incredibly annoying very quickly.Secondly , if you ever have the temerity to enter one transaction that precedes any other , you get another warning that the earlier transaction will affect any reports you might have run . Gee , there 's a surprise . There is no way to turn this annoying warning off . So you 'd better order all your paperwork by date , or else suffer death by a thousand clicks to dismiss this warning message every time.Thirdly , if you make a mistake entering a transaction , there is no way to go back and correct the transaction . You can reverse transactions , but this means adding a second transaction to back out the old one and a third for the corrected transaction . I understand that this is important for audit trail purposes , but make it possible to collapse the audit trail into a single transaction . If you 're just fat fingered like me or forget to change the date from the last transaction -LRB- this happens to me a lot -RRB- , your accounts become littered with incorrect transactions and their reversals -- three transactions for each mistake . If renders any kind of reporting on account transactions almost useless , because the debit and credit columns are swelled by -LRB- irrelevant -RRB- transaction errors and their corrections . I 'm a one-man business -- I do n't need an audit trail to show that I messed up the date of a payment or invoice . It obscures the view of how well/badly my business is actually doing.The user interface compounds these problems . For most transactions , you want to enter the date , the payee or payor , the amount -LRB- s -RRB- , and the account -LRB- s -RRB- to book the expense/revenue against . However , the forms are not laid out in this order on the screen . You 'll need to navigate by mousing and clicking extensively to get to these fields and enter the relevant information . This is why it 's so very easy to get the wrong date for a transaction -- not only is the date field not the first on the form , you need to press Tab more than 6 times to get there from the payee/payor field . To enter the account efficiently , you 'll need to have memorized its 4 digit code . No , you ca n't start typing the first few characters of the name of the account and have the software auto-complete . If you click on the pick-list of accounts , they are ordered by account code and not alphabetically , which makes it vastly harder to find the account you want to use.Finally , the software assumes you are fluent in accounting jargon , terminology and practices . It claims to have a mode where it uses `` non accounting terms '' but this is more confusing than using the actual terms themselves . There 's no help for novice business owners -- you 'll need to get a basic grounding in account-keeping because the software and manuals offer little to no help .
 This software is not friendly user . I call the support tech and they got back to me a week later , and they stated they will charge me $ 25.00 an hour if they had to answer any other questions.Even my brother who is a accounting major could n't figure it out.Stck to quality programs .
 I purchased this product and went through the online activation . I received back a License Key for the product . I attempted to install the license key and the program told me that the license key was invalid.I contacted licensing support from the number provided on the licensing website and they told me they could n't help me without a customer number - which I was never given . I was transferred to tech support , and they told me that the key was invalid , and I would have to talk to the licensing support people . Over 3.5 hours on support in total , and what I was told was that they would support me even though I had :1 . A Symantec serial number2 . A Symantec part number3 . An e-mail confirming the registration of the product from Symantec4 . A license key to activate the product.They also acknowledge on the support line that they have `` longer than normal hold times in excess of 45 minutes '' due to the licensing portal problems they 're having with Symantec Backup Exec 11d . My advice
 This used to be a great product under Veritas , but this product is released with many what seems to be bugs , both in the product and configuration issues . They fixed a major issue with the newly changed daylight savings time weeks or months after the change . This caused a lot of problems with scheduled jobs.What 's horrific is that they have scaled back all their support except for phone support , which puts you in a queue for 2 to 4 hours to talk to support from India . Here , you talk to individuals not certified with Symantec products or Windows and have little to no knowledge of tape backup systems , etc.Bottom Line , dysfunctional product , less that horrific support , No backups .
 This is one of the worst products , from one of the lousiest companies I have had the misfortune of using in 14 years in IT - I have literally been fighting with this product for over 2 years . The product is lousy , functionally broken , support is non-existent . When I spoke to Symantec personally , they told me `` We have never heard of a problem with our product '' . They should try reading their own forums . I am not joking . If I have a choice , I will NEVER PURCHASE A SYMANTEC PRODUCT AGAIN . This product worked ok when it was from Veritas , but not now . If you want to save yourself pain , buy anything but Symantec . Can I give a less than 0 rating ? : - -LRB-
 Putting together a thoughful slide shoe takes time and effort . Such was so in my case and when assembling my show in ArcSoft DVD Slideshow , I was very impressed in how it was coming together ... until I tried to burn it to a DVD ... IT DID NOT WORK ! After several attempts , I went to ArcSoft 's website and submitted my question , which of course , was answered by an automated service . It told me that I was using an outdated version 1.1.1.111 and I should be using version 1.1.1.114 , and gave me instructions on downloading the update . These instructions were of no value . I then tried to query them again ; this time getting no answer.Needless to say , I wo n't be buying anymore of ArcSoft 's products .
 ArcSoft 's DVD SlideShow is a good program that is very easy to use BUT it does n't work on all DVD players . I spent a couple of days putting together a fifteen minute slide show for my wedding and was devistated when it did n't work on either of my two DVD players . After waiting for 20 minutes on hold for technical support they told me that I needed to check my DVD manuals to see if they support DVD-R or DVD+R media . NOWHERE in the software specs does it say this !!! If so I would have checked and saved my money.I still give it one star because if it did work on my DVD player it would have been a great program . Very user friendly and easy to use -LRB- which is good because it does n't come with an instruction manual -RRB- . If your DVD player supports the correct formats you 'll probably be happy with it but remember , if you take it somewhere else it may not work and you will be very disappointed .
 I had to return this disc . I have never had a problem with anything I have bought from Amazon ever . The disc I was sent clearly has nothing on it . It looks just like a disc that does n't burn right on your computer . It is completely blank . Shame on the seller for selling these to people . I might have believed this was a mistake , but then I saw several other reviews that complained about the disc not working . This seller is selling a product that is defective and has prior knowledge of it , yet they continue to sell it here . I am extremely disappointed as I was looking forward to this purchase.I will make it known to Amazon . This is ridiculous .
 I thought I would be able to `` retire '' my old seven-CD set , but I guess I wo n't be able to . As far as I can tell , this DVD version has none of the bonus material that came with the old `` More Trash From Mad , '' `` Mad Super Specials , '' etc , reprint collections . No reproductions of stickers , no PDF files of stuff that was bound into the collections , no music from flex-discs . I also ca n't find the paperback covers promised on the back of the DVD box ... OR the `` stickers , posters , maps , postcards , labels and much more . `` Sigh . Why could n't this have been done RIGHT ?
 On the plus side , you have the full run of Mad up to 2005 on one DVD and you can copy the files to your HD and they 'll work.On the negative side -LRB- and that 's a BIG negative -RRB- the scan quality leaves a lot to be desired . If you were thinking of reading crisp pages of Mad on your large monitor , forget it . I had to enlarge the pages to 150 % -LRB- or maybe more -RRB- to fill my 1280x768 display.I think the main reason the scans were made this small -LRB- apart from not wanting people to print the pages -RRB- is to make all the issues fit on one DVD .
 I really wanted to enjoy this collection . I loved MAD magazine growing up . But the image quality of these scanned magazines is pretty poor . I have n't read through all 50 + years , but those issues I have looked through have been just barely legible . I expected better in this day and age of cheap , high-quality , digital reproduction .
 Very disappointed - This was a gift for my husband who turned 65 . He has been collecting MAD since he was a boy . The DVD will not start - keep getting message Not Responding - have Acrobat Reader 7.0 - My DVD-Rom works for everything else but not this . Not happy .
 The Declaration of Independence looks pristine to these old fish-wrap pages.I half expected to find coffee cup rings and dried food that had fell from the mouth of the long ago reader of that particular issue.Shame on Mad Magazine for putting out such a low quality product , but they are the masters of squeezing out the last drop of blood from their loyal fans .
 I was unable to get my `` Absolutely Mad '' to work in my DVD-ROM . My computer would NOT recognize this disc.My DVD-ROM drive is about 5 years old.The drive works fine , but I 'm guessing I am not upgraded in some regard with my computer for `` Absolutely Mad '' to work.Just wanted to give an honest review of a new product.Be warned that this disc may not function on your computer . -LRB- The `` Tech Support '' site this DVD-ROM provides gives no information or help in this matter . -RRB-
 What the heck ? I have purchased this twice and both discs are blank . . Alfred E. Neuman , are you involved ? I want this so badly , has anyone else experienced this ??
 I am disappointed because this sounds like a great program but I am unable to order it because I am a Vista user and it isnt offered on Vista !
 I 'll keep this brief . The other reviewers that have complained about the low-resolution of the scans are 100 % correct . Make that 110 % correct . The PDFs are of such low quality they are barely readable onscreen . This is a sad , sad disappointment . I ca n't recommend this collection to anyone , and I really , really wanted to like it . It 's a grand idea , very poorly implemented .
 I ca n't get either this or the National Lampoon anthology to play ; I have a Vista operating system and the latest Adobe Reader , but when I inert the disc in my player , which works well otherwise , nothing happens.I tried E-mailing the custmer support address I found on the box , but all I got back was an e mail saying they had received my message and would be contacting me soon . That was three weeks ago . What 's up ?
 This is not a product I would purchase from any place with a return policy that basically punishes you for attempting to see if the disk will work . While I understand why this policy exists-it should be altered to accomodate instances where a faulty disk is delivered . I asked for a replacement and it had the same issues-the only folder contained on the disk was called `` The 1950 's '' there were no other folders . So I spent half the price listed and received NOTHING . This has been my only bad experience at Amazon , but , nonetheless it changed my view of purchasing this type of material online .
 As much as I have been a loyal devotee of MAD Magazine since the 1970s , I can not recommend the purchase of this DVD-ROM , since it is incompatible with newer versions of Windows , such as the current Windows 7 and the soon-to-be released Windows 8 , due this Christmas . Time Warner needs to get with the times and offer an updated version of this package so that all fans can enjoy MAD Magazine 's brand of brilliant humor instead of being left out in the cold , uttering `` What -- They Worry ? '' .
 Before there was a National Lampoon , there was Mad Magazine . Us Baby Boomers grew up with it . It was our first taste of satire and critical thinking . And Mad Magazine has not outlived it 's usefulness as did the National Lampoon . Mad still satires today as good as it did yesterday , although most of the original cartoonists and editors have died.Years ago , Broderbund came out with a 7 CD ROM package of all the Mad Magazines printed . It had a superior user interface which quickly located every article and cartoon in the collection . It even had every fold in and sticker collection . And it had the infamous MAD songs included.This DVD collection is a poor substitute . It claims also to have all the stickers - I 've yet to find them in the collection . Compared to the Broderbund collection this version is boring and a pain to search.This is a case where so called improved technology made a disaster of one of the funniest magazines in existance .
 It 's great to have all these Mad magazine issues on a single disc , but the scanning quality STINKS . I compared some original paper issues from 1978 to their scanned versions , and the difference is huge . The scanned text is blurry , and the pictures just lose their appealing qualities . Whatever scan resolution Git-Corp used , it was n't good enough.I own several other Git-Corp DVD-ROMs -LRB- for Marvel comics -RRB- and love them . This Mad DVD is a dud .
 I installed Stomp SpyWare X-terminator on my computer but the software did not install everything listed in booklet . An example of this failure was the KeyPatrol portion of this software was nowhere present at all . Nothing was listed under the Options Main Tab and Automatic Scans Subtab as described in book . This portion of the software DOES NOT WORK . STOMP has refused to correct this problem . Be very worried about support from STOMP on matters involving their software . THEY WILL NOT HELP FIX PROBLEMS WITH THEIR SOFTWARE . It will be up to you to try and add the MISSING PROGRAM CODE TO MAKE IT WORK RIGHT .
 Worst program on the planet . Spent $ 600.00 for level 1,2,3 two hours to download and install . Not working . Call support talk to 3 different people and 2 hours more ... still not working . Do n't buy this program it does n't work and the tec people ca n't help . Sure wish I had kept my money.You would think a program costing this much would have it together . VERY UNHAPPY .
 While this software installed easily on my iMacG5 , the map data CD 's zoom and travel very slowly . Also no roads are named and routing is rudimentary at best . My dvd rom also burnt the yellow dye off the first data CD I put in the machine . None of these things has ever happened with my other mapping software . One could get better and more detailed mapping info online for free than with this . Finally , when the zoom is eventually accomplished , it is not at a very close scale . All in all , a very disappointing product .
 Do n't bother with this - I do n't know how they managed to get the National Geographic name on this product . It 's almost as if someone said `` Let 's scan a whole bunch of maps from USGS and put the worst interface in the world on the program . `` Google maps and Google Earth have better maps , better road detail , and a better interface . Plus they have satellite photos . And they are free!Don ' t waste your money . If i could rate it 0 or negative I would since it uses time and money and gives nothing in return .
 As an owner of two different full state versions of Topo programs I have found the only way to really use the software is to do your thing and then save it as a pdf . If you load the whole program -LRB- all the CDs -RRB- on to a hard drive so it works seamlessly . This you ca n't do with Back Roads Explorer . If you want do do a search for a place that data is on CD1 along with the maps for California , where there is no way to know which files those are , and if you copy the whole file to a drive into the topo data folder , the program ca n't find it . Then once you find a place and picking one of several you have to go to the state CD . If that is not the place you are looking for it is back to CD1 and start all over again.I tried to load the state CD and not all of it would copy to the Hard Drive . Cleaning the new disc did n't seem to have any effect , but it seems to work OK off the CD drive . I 've had the same trouble with the state programs , but fooling around with cleaning and different computers it could eventually be accomplished and the moved by a flash disc.The 18 CDs come with a half sheet instructions . The operating help is a simple 48 page pdf that is only slightly more detailed.Having said all that , you get most of the full state versions -LRB- to level 4 of 5 -RRB- and it is interesting to be able to follow the roads within a topographic relief and gps data . For the price it is a pretty good deal , but if you are just looking for general topo maps , satellite and aerial photos , and trace your own maps that is available online for free .
 Could not believe that this product is from Nat . Geo . It is so badThere is no detail whatsoever . Delorme Topo is way way by far betterDo not wast your money on this as I did .
 My husband was looking for a topo program for the Adirondacks . Not exactly what he wanted . Ended up returning the product . Topography on this program is very basic .
 When I bought this the scale quoted for detail on the maps was the same for the state product as it was for the national product ... so I bough the naional product . Now I 've installed it and - SURPRISE ! - when you click to zoom in , it takes you to a Nat Geo web site that asks you to buy the state map ! The road I live on is NOT EVEN on the map .
 Obsolete product so far out of date that it does n't support support USB ports . Only ordered one got two and was charged for both .
 Installed this product on two machines . Product installed but failed to run on 64 bit CPU under Vista . Uninstalled it and tried it on my 32 bit CPU machine running XP . It also failed immeditely on trying to run the program.Very irritated ! I 've had similar experience on some of my older National Geographic Map programs on the Vista machine .
 This title is horrible . Clunky , S-L-O-W , non-intuitive interface and antiquated looking maps . Then , you must constantly swap CD 's in and out of the drive . It was a pain and I have 3 CD-ROM drives ! They should include a utility that mounts the volumes as needed from imaged CD 's . Why did NG ever approve of putting their name on this ? DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ! Stick with Google Earth . NG Backroads Explorer 3D TOTALLY sucks .
 `` It 's almost as if someone said `` Let 's scan a whole bunch of maps from USGS and put the worst interface in the world on the program . '' '' - I could n't have summed this product better than that . Plus I agree with the reviewer who lamented zero was n't available to assign a true value to this POS . The product is unusable in any practical way . I went to the manual that 's available through help and whoever wrote it had n't actually used this program . What the `` instructions '' counsel , are not related whatsoever to what 's actually presented on your computer screen . Owners of this product should unite in a class action suit against National Geographic .
 I wish that I had bothered to read the reviews before buying this worthless software.I do n't understand how National Geographic could put their name on it.If I could I would have rated it 0 stars.I would tell you more about it but I would just be echoing what others have said -LRB- And I need to spend my time getting it packed up to send back ! -RRB- This is the first product that I have sent back to Amazon . I hope they will refund my money !! I guess I 'm stuck paying the shipping back.A complete waste of my time .
 I 've just spent the last two hours playing this game with my children . What garbage . I guess for $ 7.99 , you get what you pay for . Here are some of my complaints :1 -RRB- The game is crashing the computer every 10 minutes or so . The computer locks up so badly , even Ctrl-Alt-Del does n't work
 hi , the rating for this item should be 0 , i paid for this product and i recieved an e-mail from the company of how to download the product , i followd the instruction and end up having kids story bood , i contacted the company so many times , they want me to give them my credit card no . again and after that i did n't get any reply , i contacted amazon , they said they will investigate , , , i do n't think this company even exist , i lost my money , so do n't even think about dealing with them , i do n't want you to lose your money too .
 Software would not install -LRB- Error 1606 -RRB- . Several calls to tech support just got me a `` try again later '' after waiting on the phone for 15 minutes . Aladdin Systems web site offers no updates or tech support form . Just a forum board that you can join , I suppose to `` discuss '' your problem with other users . I 've bought a lot of software over the years . This product and company are the worst I 've found . There are better options out there , if you want compression software .
 This software is nothing more than a Pagemaker upgraded to be a copy of Quark . There is nothing in it worth making the switch from Quark . I bought a copy , but only in order to open files from the people who skimped and bought this rather than Quark . Quark 5 is still much more efficient at printing . I 've noticed that files from InDesign take almost double the time to rip as the same files from Quark .
 Apparently I was n't the only one who took a beating on this software . After many attempts to install InDesign it took DAYS to figure out how to open the Program . At every turn the only help available would cost more money . The final straw was ADOBE charging $ 39.00 PER QUESTION!After finally getting the Program to work , it turned out to be very parochial.SAVE YOUR MONEY/SAVE YOUR SANITY!Stay clear of ADOBE .
 Looking at the reviews I see that these are over a year old , and someone needs to note that Quark does run natively on OSX at this point , so why would you spend just about the same money on InDesign ? The concept is cool , but I found it awkward to use , and certainly not something I could bump into my workflow without problems . Some of the printers we use do not accept the InDesign files for output . If you are on the other end and looking for a program to learn , to add the skill to your resume , do your self a favor , and get Quark . I 've not seen any design or production positions open with InDesign as a requirement , but Quark is always a necessity .
 I bought this program to prepare handwriting programs for my students at home on my own time . I am an occupational therapist with a large amount of students I am responsible for whose teachers use this program . Each time I create a document it opens with the `` Startwrite '' icon covering the text . I have to restart my computer to get rid of it . I had to delete all my work . I have this program at work . I do not have this problem when I use the school district 's Startwrite program . This company is too worried about illegitimate use of their product . It is illegitimate to sell this product outright to unaware buyers and make it different to access . I wasted my money .
 Wo n't run on Windows XP , even with the patch , & in compatability mode . NO support from ScanSoft . I 'd give it negative stars if I could .
 I upgraded to Endnote X because I was hoping for more journal formats , and fewer of the bugs that plague Endnote 7 . However , even after downloading updates from their website , Endnote X will not even open my older Endnote library . Since I do n't have the option of manually re-entering 1,200 references , I 'm back to using Endnote 7 . Maybe your experience wo n't be as disappointing as mine , but so far the new Endnote is just as frustrating to work with as the original .
 This games stinks because after two weeks it deletes your puppies and you have reinstal the ugly game
 This is by far one of the worst PC games I 've ever played!If you 've played the previous Dogz and Catz games , this one is NO DIFFERENT.No word can describe how aweful these graphics are . They are not in 3-D and the Petz look nothing like the real thing.The framerate of this game is probably one of the worst things in the game . Slow and annoying.You ca n't pick the gender of your Petz.You can also have your Petz run around the desktop . WOW!Your options are VERY LIMITED.Overall
 The graphics are horrible . The usability is junk . I am not even sure what you are supposed to do . Pet a cat on the computer until its happy or something ? I got this for my young daughter . I guess it would please her more if the graphics were of this millinium and there were better `` kid '' controls . If you are an adult that plays and loves this game , you probably where big sweat shirts with airbrushed cats on the front .
 I have not played this game , but from seeing my sister play it , it seems boring ! All it is is that you have pets that just make noise.BBBBBBOOOOOOORRRRRRIIIIINNNNGGGG !
 I received the games but there were problems installing it and i didnt have a reg . number to register it with
 This is software that does not work . The child was so looking forward to it , but useless waste of $ $ to buy this .
 I downloaded the trial as I was very interested in using this with a TwonkyMedia server for my audio collection , in addition to the DVD playback . The install went well , and it played DVD 's fine . I like the smooth reverse which works really well at 1x and 2x smooth reverse.Playing back MP3 's gives a very nice visualization , but there appears to be only one choice.Unfortunately the UPnP media access seems pretty poor . Pressing the UPnP icon brings up a dialog which lists -LRB- tree view -RRB- all the categories published by the media server . The worst part was that it does n't allow you to select multiple tracks from an album and queue them for playback - all you can do is select a single track which it plays , and then stops.I had some playlists served too . It navigated to them , but simply treated each playlist as another directory -LRB- containing the songs of the playlist -RRB- , allowing you to select one only.I could select some of the shoutcast radio stations that the Twonky server published - it played them fine , but did not provide any `` currently playing '' information . This may be a limitation of the data provided by the Twonky server.For grins I tried the WinDVD Media Center as it seems to think it has better UPnP support . The install never completed , but I could run it . The UI seems more centered around TV display , but it just gave a simple list -LRB- of > 1800 items -RRB- for me to select from - far from useful.I decided to uninstall both products and try again - but the uninstall did n't remove anything . Makes me want to stay away from interVideo products ...
 I thought this program was great for about an hour . I left it alone overnight to burn because it was taking FOREVER to burn a DVD , and my otherwise perfect computer died inexplicably in the middle of the night . After 200 dollars to replace my motherboard and a huge fried hard drive , I have reinstalled not thinking it had anything to do with this program . Now my computer is `` fixed '' and it has crashed after this program froze for the 50th time . DO NOT USE THIS PROGRAM !!!! I do n't know if this is what fried my hard drive or not , but I can sympathize with the others who say it has made their computer unresponsive , I am trying to uninstall as we speak , however , my computer will not even boot up at this point ! In addition , it is very easy to use , but if you have any skills in video editing , do n't waste your time , the audio options are very primitive , you can not even edit audio in the menu . Do n't waste your time or money ! Buyer beware !!!
 Video Wave Problems :1 . Installation
 The software crashes my PC . I have downloaded newest video card driver and installed Roxio 's update patch . Still has the same problem . I tried to get tech support on their web site . They said my support ID # came with package is invalid . E-mailed their customer service , it has been two week did not receive any response .
 I have used the old Version Videowave 5 . I made several productions with it and burned them on to a DVD . There were some problems , but not many , and the DVD 's worked . I upgraded to Videowave 7 thinking it would work just as well.Well , Videowave 7 has many nice features , and in some ways is easer to use than Videowave 5 . However , the program is loaded with bugs or bad code . It just does not work correctly . Support for this program is worthless.So , save your time and $ $ and buy something else .
 Videowave 7 is an extremly difficult program to use.The company appears to be deceptive in its marketing by leading a customer to believe that they can be contacted by e-mail with help questions . When a question is sent to the company they send back a form response to look at there website.The program that is supposed to help you learn is beyond difficult . It makes no sense and tells very little.They also pretend to have a video training program that comes to assist the customer . This tells almost nothing and just stops.I was going to contact the company but I am sure they are well aware . How could they not be ? Someone that they know must have tried to use the program.Their success in sales may have more to do with customers thinking that they alone are having such a difficult time.If you would like an experience in frustration have fun.David Morris , Ph.D.Professor of Marketing
 I purchased videowave 7 pro and the cd will not even install -LRB- out of the retail box -RRB- ... get a ` isl7.tmp error ' on multiple drives / different PC 's , after rebooting , etc. . trying to get ahold of their customer-no-service is a real joke ! Even the required ` ask Roxanne ' does n't offer this product in the REQUIRED product selection which you MUST CHOOSE ONE . I only wish I 'd read these reviews before purchasing .
 I had earlier versions of this program . This version has many more features than the earlier version and is extrememly easy to use . I was even able to make one full video and burn it to DVD . However , on my second attempt to make a video I ran into the audio sync problem . This is when you play video but the audio is either ahead or behind the video . When I play the video clips that I have captured in the preview screen and on my computer they are fine . The audio and the video are in perfect sync . However , when they are added to the storyline the audio is off . I have been on the help website and there are thousands of people that have had this same problem . The solutions that people are posting are extreme . I am not willing to rework my computer so that this program will work on it , especially since the program worked fine last week and now it is now working . My system is great , the problem is the software , not my computer . I am going to try Adode 's Premiere video editing software . I have heard good things about it from the other people having trouble on the Videowave forums.Trust me , do n't waste your money and time learing to use a program only to have it stop working !
 Call me old fashioned but when I purchase a product , I expect it to work . And when it does n't , I want the support from the company . If you have the option , buy another product and save yourself 50 bucks.My problems began with what seemed to be a small item.After registering my product , i was unable to access the technical support . The `` ask Rox '' was useless and so were the chat rooms . after paying 35 more dollars to talk to a real person , i still dont have the answers i 'm looking for.Oh , and , by the way . The technical support person `` lori '' was snippy , curt and downright condescending.Working with videos is supposed to be fun . After 2 months of negative reinforcements , this whole story has been a fiasco .
 The program seemed to work fine for a while , but the more I used it , I began having problems with the program not responding . The more I used it , the more this problem occurred , and now I am not able to even open a file with it , while several other similar programs I have -LRB- not made by roxio -RRB- work just fine . Uninstalls , and reinstalls do not help . Whatsmore , the support from roxio , works as well as the program , which is not at all . The program is absolutely useless to me , and roxio could care less . Buyer BEWARE !
 I thought this was a dream program , and it woked well for about a year . But for the last two videos I have shot , the audio has been anywhere between 2 and 4 seconds out of sync with the video . Extremely frustrating , and I have not made any progree fixing it . I 'd buy something else .
 I bought this software because it was cheap and the `` box '' showed all these features that i needed ! Plus , it said that if help is needed , you will get it . HOWEVER , once i started using the software , i noticed it had lotts of bugs and it took for ever to make a DVD . THE BIGGEST PROBLEM I HAD WAS THAT THE SOUND AND VIDEO DID ` NT GO . For example , i videotaped my brothers football game and the sound of the play STARTED BEFORE THE PLAY ITSELF . I went to support for roxio and there help sucked ! I would not buy this ... AT ALL . Spend your money on something better even if you have to pay $ 40 more dollars!I suggest
 I 've had nothing but trouble with this product . The XP version is very buggy and virtually unusable . Even with the latest patches , the software simply does not function . I can not recommend this product to anyone .
 I tried making SVCD 's with this ... . ended up with several coasters before I gave up . All of the SVCD 's seemed to render and burn OK , but when I tried playing them in my 8 month old DVD player , they were unwatchable . The video was completely distorted with hundreds of lines throughout the picture . When I made SVCD 's with Ulead and Sonic MyDVD product , they worked fine every time . I do n't know how it works for DVD 's , but based on my experience , I would n't buy this product .
 This product appears not to work under Windows XP . To make matters worse , there is no product support ! It took almost two months to get a reply from product support and then the answer did n't pertain to my problem . I had to discard this product and purchase another , thus being out the cost of the product entirely .
 I was so thrilled to convert by VHS tapes to DVD until I discovered that even my 80 gig hard drive was not enough for a 20 minute video AND once I had the AVI video and tried to burn the DVD the software said I had to go to dazzle.com to PURCHASE a $ 100 upgrade . The hardware and bundle only cost $ 40 ! There is no tech support effective 10/24/03 for any Dazzle DVC 80 Movie Star v. 5 . Therefore , you use up your hard drive and ca n't off load it anyway . What a waste ! You have to delete the capture that took you 5 hours to produce . LOSER !
 The only mode to capture video is in AVI format . The files become so huge after just a minute of recording that they are uneditable and you ca n't produce anything . A complete right off .
 I bought this because it seemed like the right software for me , based on the description on the box . Boy was I wrong ... this learning software has no guided instruction at all . Successful sofware will teach you a few basics , then test you to make sure that you understand them , then add a little more to the mix , then test you , etc. . that way , you are n't thrown into the middle . . in this case , you 're thrown into the middle of this mess called `` Learn Spanish Now '' . Supposedly it has videos in it , but I never could even figure out how to play them . . and I am an avid directions reader . . This is very poor software . If you already know some spanish , this may be the way to go , but if you do n't I 'd suggest you spend your money elsewhere .
 Do n't buy the bundle Buy the software and the DVD separately and save about $ 40 ...
 This software has a lot of issues.First it freeze all the time . Then you have to close it and restart.Second the typing is not natural . For some reason when you reach a word at the end of a line you are n't supposed to put a space after it -LRB- which is what anyone naturally does -RRB- . Then you get an error for each line.Annoying , dumb software .
 This product would not install on a 2 week old Toshiba Satelite laptop . My anti-virus kept calling it a Trojan . It went back , and I found a free downloadable version online called Prey . It downloaded quickly and easily , and it protects both my laptop and my android phone !
 The number one reason why you should n't buy this is becasue there is nothing but one or two lessons per subject ; and only one test . So , all you keep doing is retaking the same test over and over till you get it right . But , hey you get what you pay for , keep your money and invest in some other academic software .
 This software is junk . I can not believe they would even release this to sell it . This is proof that these software companies will throw junk at us and put a spicey cover on it just to make a quick buck . Skip this and high school advantage . If you want the best of the best go with academic fitness . That programs puts all the other ones to shame .
 I bought this thinking I recalled hearing good things about it - must have been dreaming . In reality this is more like a nightmare . It is labeled as Mac OS x 10.3 Panther compatible . Installed directly from the CD it is n't even ready for Mac OS X 10.2 Jaguar ! You are given a choice of installing the component features from the CD and then downloading and installing the current versions via a `` NetUpdate '' feature -LRB- which itself needs updating -RRB- . Or , you can choose to download and install directly from their website.Let me point out here that I am connected via high-speed cable service and routinely download 30MB + files in a matter of minutes . The aforementioned updates are all shown as 1MB + or - , and after a total of nearly 4 HOURS of waiting for the updated versions to download , both via direct download and after installing from the CD , I trashed this turkey and signed up for a . Mac account.With . Mac I was able to downlaod , install , and update anti-virus and backup programs in less than 5 minutes.So my advice is to save yourself a lot of aggravation -LRB- and money -RRB- and buy . Mac in the first place .
 This review pertains to the back up component of the suite -LRB- which seems to be the distinguishing feature for this bundle as opposed to others -RRB- , Personal Backup X.Intego Personal Backup X is a poor choice for someone looking for simple , robust backups without additional hardware . Contrary to Intego 's marketing , it can not back up to multiple CDs/DVDs . It 's also confusing , and does n't include a manual.DIFFICULTY OF USE : On launch , PBX displays a window asking for a source and destination , and whether to `` backup , '' `` restore , '' `` archive , '' or `` clone . '' It does n't explain the difference between these actions . There 's no `` Help '' feature . It 's a bad sign when even experienced users must read the manual cover to cover . Worse , the manual is not installed by default and must be downloaded from Intego 's web site . Advanced features are accessed through a confusing `` New Script ... '' menu item . Having a minimalist interface is NOT ` ease of use . ` NO SUPPORT FOR MULTIPLE CDs/DVDs : Intego claims , `` Intego Personal Backup X backs up your data , either automatically or manually , to removable media -LRB- such as recordable CD-Roms or Zip cartridges -RRB- , to partitions on your hard disk , to network volumes , to an iDisk , to external hard drives -LRB- USB , Firewire or SCSI -RRB- or to disk image files . '' But as an Intego representative later explained , `` Personal Backup X does not have a method or procedure to backup across multiple disks . It can not ` span ' CDs or DVDs . '' All recent computers have hard drives too large for one DVD or CD . Consumers expect any backup program claiming to support CD/DVD to support multiple discs . So it is NOT practical to back up to CD , DVD , Zip disk , etc. with Personal Backup . PBX may work for those with external hard drives or tape drives , but most of them probably use Dantz Retrospect . Since most computers now come with CD/DVD burners , most home users looking for a cheap solution probably want to back up to CD/DVDs , but they 'll get no help from Personal Backup .
 I regret that I had not read other 's reviews before purchasing this software . I have spent more than a week trying to back up to multiple disks -LRB- as described on p 37 of the pdf manual which came on my installation disk . I now gather that others have had the same problem . Elswhere manual appears to contradict itself
 I have had several $ 9.99 `` home design '' programs in the past and they actually saved me money when working on remodeling projects . Yes , for $ 9.99 they were n't `` architect '' or `` professional '' level , but they worked quite well for my needs . Unfortunately , they did n't work on Windows XP . In my search for an inexpensive home design program , I researched several and , after visiting Broderbund 's own site , decided to try 3D Home Architect Design 6.0 Special Edition.To my great disappointment -- and only after breaking the seal of the box , unwrapping the jewel case , and installing/running the program -- did I find out that this edition has NO ability to place cabinets , appliances or furniture in the design . No where on the Broderbund site did I find that these features are missing from the `` Special Edition '' version . In fact , they did n't specify clearly what set this off from the other version , so I figured it was probably due to lack of written documentation -LRB- manual -RRB- and `` extras '' like landscaping and deck design . WRONG.Only after searching for an hour trying to figure out this program did I get into the `` Help '' file and find the notations that cabinets , furniture , etc are n't available in this edition . Very frustrating considering Broderbund 's site touts this version as being able to assist with interior design ... I do n't know how that can be . Of course , you can change the wall colors and texture , but you just ca n't place anything in the rooms.Amazon 's return policy prevents me from returning `` jewel case only '' items , so I guess I just `` donated '' $ 9.99 plus shipping to Amazon.comI was n't expecting a top of the line program , but this thing is lousy in comparison to the many inexpensive programs I 've had in the past , especially from Sierra , that did a very sufficient job in designing and decorating .
 Add me to the list of people who were disappointed by the lack of kitchen , bathroom , and furniture symbols in this version -- after wasting hours trying to figure out how to get them to show up . No where on the packaging does it indicate that these items are absent . In fact , it mentions its `` complete selection of tools '' several times on the box . What a waste .
 I had exactly the same problem as the viewer before me . Many of the items in the catalog are disabled for some reason , with no warning . I found that while trying to place a cabinet . There were other problems as well . Skip this product and look for another . I have n't found one yet that wo n't cost me hundreds of dollars .
 We could not get the program to work as advertised . It seemed to only do very minor things and the screen never appeared on our computer as it looked on the advertisement on the internet and on the cd case . In the ad , it showed that there were about four tabs to choose from -LRB- ie
 I was disappointed in the architecture program I purchased because it apparently is an outdated program that does not allow for furniture placement in a room . There were no downloads that I could find to insert furniture and what was in the program was limited to windows , doors and types of walls and flooring .
 This program is deceptively packaged so that it appears to do a wide range of building and designing tasks . In truth , the only thing it does is draw a basic floor plan -- no interior design , no interior remodeling , no landscaping , nothing . No where on the product is this stated . In fact , the tutorial TELLS you that the program has landscaping and interior design capabilities . And , it can not be returned because it is a computer program . So I am complaining to the company . I encourage others who have been mislead to do the same .
 This is not what I wanted . It does not work with Autocad like version 4.0 . Yes you can import the drawing into Autocad but you can not use the drawing . It appears that after version 4 3D home stop working with Autocad . Great for 3d work and independant designs but I need to get software where I can start a drawing easily and complete the difficult task in Autocad .
 if you want to do much with this program it requires you buy more stuff for it to get to a complete design . it is only good for walls and outlines and not that great at that .
 This software was sent to me as a $ 9.95 software package . I thought it would be `` no frills '' software , it turned out to be the `` lite '' version , and basically incomplete for my needs . Overall it does not do the job . I had the original 3D home architect which was a fine product , this new one pales by comparison . Indeed virtually worthless . There was no indication that this would be the `` lite '' version.I am sorely disapointed.Further I am getting telemarketing calls using Broderbunds name to sell `` junkware '' ! Overall , a extreme disapointment .
 This software is crippleware , and at best it is a good DEMO version . They should not be charging for this software . I will not buy another broderbund program again , I really feel like I was given the shaft on this one .
 Tells about being able to add furniture , and other features ... but it 's not included in this version of the program .
 This software is the latest in attempts at product activation , which does not take into account the needs of the consumer.It 's been widely reported that certain kinds of disk maintenance software can fool the product activation into thinking it 's been installed on a new computer . This would also preclude doing what I do , which is install on my main computer and my laptop computer , and having both programs point to the same data files on the main computer . -LRB- I use an 802.11 b network in my house . -RRB- Another problem is that , say you uninstall the software after the tax season and want to keep the files . Guess what happens ? Your tax files get deleted , because they are stored in a `` special area '' .
 What Intuit has done is completely unacceptable and has alienated many of their users . I 'll be forever skeptical about any product that does n't have a `` DRM '' -LRB- Digital Rights Management , aka C_Dilla -RRB- with a giant red X through it on the box . I 'm all against piracy , but the methods used by Intuit have screwed many users who depended on their product to do their taxes .
 I will NEVER purchase an Intuit product again . I use computer products to make my life easier , not more difficult . I have used TurboTax every year it has been produced except one . -LRB- I used TaxCut one year but switched back to TurboTax when Kiplinger screwed me out of the rebate . -RRB- . I do my taxes on one computer and print the forms on another because my printer does not function properly . TurboTax will not let you do this . Once you activate the software , it is locked to that computer for printing and electronic filing . I 'm sorry , I do n't have the time to fight with Intuit . Note , that you must be able to connect the computer on which the software is installed to Intuit . You can not install it on one computer and connect to Intuit via another computer or telephone line . In addition , if the computer that contains the modem in networked , you may not get the software properly activated . Never , never , never again ! I 'd rather switch than fight !
 Do not buy this product . This product contains a program to send information and God knows what back to Intuit and who knows who else . The C_dilla / Safecast program installs on your computer and can , among other things disable your CD burner . There is an uninstaller for this but then your TurboTax will not work or will not print your return . The installer does NOT completely remove all traces of this program so it stays on your computer even if you uninstall TurboTax and the C_dilla / Safecast software . Also , if TurboTax is not allowed to contact Intuit via the internt -LRB- without your knowledge -RRB- it disables itself and requires you to get a new activation code to open the software . I have been a loyal user since 1995 but will NEVER EVER BUY a piece of software from Intuit again .
 I downloaded and installed TurboTax . I e-filed my return , my computer would not boot to windows . I restored my computer from a ghost image that reformats the hard drive -LRB- my error - backup did not include TurboTax software -RRB- . I am unable to check e-file status , have not received my return , and after 3 chat sessions Intuit Support basically said I 'm SOL because I ca n't reinstall TurboTax after reformat because of the activation software . To reinstall I must repurchase product which I have already purchased . Support sent me a link to check my e-file status that does not link to check e-file and stated problem was solved . Hah ! Still ca n't check and still do n't have return . *** It should be noted to uninstall the software you also have to uninstall and remove the associated SafeCast -LRB- C-Dilla -RRB- components from your computer after you have uninstalled the TurboTax program software . To do this you have to download the SafeCast Uninstaller from Intuit . I will not be purchasing this product again !
 I wo n't buy this program anymore . I even return the one I bought before activate it .
 Thank you for the warning regarding the unfriendly manner in which Intuit is approaching its customers . While I have always found the customer interface of Intuit products -LRB- expecially TurboTax -RRB- superior to its competitors -LRB- especially TaxCut -RRB- , I will not support that behavior . My money goes to H&R this year !
 If you think , you may ever want to reopen or review your return , then I 'd stay clear of this one ... If you ever want to reaccess your records later , you 'll have to beg intuit to allow you to reuse software you already paid for ... If they are too busy , or not willing to take your call -LRB- probably for a per minute fee if they do -RRB- you wo n't be able to access your own records ... I 've used Turbotax for several years now and know how important it can be to get to my records ...
 In the past I 've used and enjoyed Inuit 's products - good user interface , useful features , but lately I 've grown wary of their marketing masquerades . After installing TurboTax2002 I am finally fed up . I hate spyware . Good bye Intuit . I 'll be using Microsoft Money -LRB- instead of Quicken -RRB- and the associated online tax preparation software next year .
 I have been using this product for 7-8 years and have always kept my old copies to help with subsequent years . To do that you need to be able to run the software on multiple machines . I certainly have changed computers several times over that period . The new product can only be housed on one computer and can not be copied to other machines . I simply can not use it under those circumstances and will have to use H&R software this year .
 With only activation I would have rated it a 3 , but the surreptitious installation of C-Dilla -LRB- a hidden-i . e you 're not informed of its installation , PERMENTANT - it does n't get removed when TT is uninstalled - program -RRB- dropped it to a 1 . No Tubro Tax this year . Going to use one of the competitions . If all tax programs go this route I will have to revert to the pen and paper method . I do not trust any program that installs extra , unknown code that have nothing to do with the base function of the product .
 It is incredibly unfortunate that I did not read this site before purchasing turbotax this year . I have been a loyal customer of Intuit products since 1988 , but now I feel insulted , betrayed , and literally screwed over.Unfortunately , I want to print my tax form from my home computer even though I installed turbo tax on my notebook . In order to do this , I have to pay for turbotax one more time ! ... Well if I have to pay twice , my second payment is not going to Intuit . In fact , I will not upgrade Quicken , nor can I forsee ever purchasing an Intuit product again.Unfortunately , I see that this product is rated # 5 in Amazon sales . I guess Intuit will not get the message this year . If you are considering the purchase of this product , please , please read these reviews.Support only companies that reward loyalty . Avoid companies like Intuit , that treat loyal customers as software pirates .
 I 'd love to be able to tell more about the product , but after two days I ca n't get in . The Product Activation feature has me locked out , Intuit tech support has been useless , their web page has my problem listed as a ` known issue ' with no apparent resolve . If you have Windows 2000/XP , hope your install goes better than mine -- wish I would have bought TaxCut this year ...
 I have used Intuit Turbotax for seven years since the day they acquired the Parson 's Technology and made the Parson 's friendly income tax software much less friendly . The Turbotax is difficult to use and their instruction and guide are hard to follow . Now after seeing the comment from other users for the 2002 version , I am determined to change to a different tax software .
 This copy protection is dumb.Copy proction may be a necessary evil , but the Macrovision/C-Dilla LMS system has gone too far when ; 1 . The Program being installed and Macrovision/C-Dilla DO NOT INFORM THE USER that this software is being installed ,2 . That Macrovision/C-Dilla in any manner ATTEMPS TO HIDE THEIR INSTALL from install monitoring or registry tracking software ,3 . That Macrovision/C-Dilla DOES NOT UNINSTALL with the original software , when it is removed/uninstalled from the system . Because C-dilla requires a separate uninstall , which in all likely hood , the user never knew existed.As a 4th point I was going to include a reference to the Interference with the users CD-RW but I do n't understand all the calls being made by the C-dilla software/dll 's . Seems they make a ton of them . Seems like an aweful lot of calls just to check to see if it 's registered . All I can say is that MANY people have trouble writing CDR 's right after installing Turbotax.Just a whole lot easier to use TaxCut.And Dustin Horne who thinks no one knows anything needs to get his head out of the sand and do his own research.If they did n't want copys being made than they should have just put the copy protection that game makers use.No telephone call there and their protection works .
 I 've been using TT since early '90s , but now their new secret anti-copying program -LRB- which they keep invisible even if you look in the directory -RRB- is going to make you jump thru hoops that you never had to jump thru before . Get a new computer ? You may have to buy a new license from Intuit -- that 's what one of their CSRs AND his supervisor said . Get a bigger hard drive ? Same answer . What about 2 or 3 years from now if you want to re-install TT to look at an old return OR you need to file an Amended return ? Same answer . Intuit spokesman in a public response said
 I have used Turbo Tax for the past 5 years but no more . Companies like this are setting some dangerous presidents trying to sneak in overly intrusive software locking schemes . Hopefully Intuit will see the error and resolve this next year . If a product has intrusive locks like this I encourage you not to give them your business .
 *** PLEASE NOTE TO UNINSTALL TurboTax SOFTWARE you also have to uninstall and remove associated SafeCast -LRB- C-Dilla -RRB- components from your PC after you have uninstalled the TurboTax software . To do this you have to download the SafeCast Uninstaller from Intuit.I installed TurboTax , e-filed my return , and then my computer would not boot windows . To fix windows boot my hard drive had to be reformatted and restored . This was not related to TurboTax . However , now I 'm unable to check e-file status , have n't received my return , and ca n't reinstall software . After 3 chat sessions Intuit Support they basically said I 'm SOL . I ca n't reinstall TurboTax after reformat because of the activation software . Support sent me a link to check e-file status online . Guess what , you ca n't check thru Intuit online without submitting another return which I ca n't do until I know if original return has been filed . Support stated problem was solved - have a nice day . HAH !! Still ca n't check - still do n't have return . I am a very unhappy problem solved by TurboTax Online Support.To reinstall TurboTax I must repurchase a product that I have already purchased.I have used TurboTax for years and I will not be purchasing this product again !
 I purposely keep my PCs away from the internet . You can get viruses even if you have a good virus protection package . I do n't want my tax information to be hacked.This package has spyware ... in it and also requires an intrusive internet installation step.Boo and hiss.This is the last time I buy Turbotax -LRB- I 've had it since 1999 -RRB-
 After over 10 yrs of using Intuit various softwares -LRB- Business , Quickbooks , Quicken , Quicken for Palm , etc -RRB- and TurboTax , the relation is officially over . Here are my bottom line w/this TurboTax for 2002 software : * TurboTax Basic DOES N'T import from previous years - need Deluxe for that ! ... * During the install , if you indicate that you DO N'T want any of the bed partners software , it installed on my computer anyway . * The C-dilla is needed to run it . I do n't care it is a `` spyware '' or not -LRB- technically , it is a * . dll and a licensing management system -RRB- , but I DO care if it takes my CPU resources when I am NOT even using TurboTax . * C-dilla DOES N'T uninstall after you uninstall TurboTax . Hence if you do n't know it was there , tough . Do you know every single software installed on your machine ? Go look in your Control Panel \ Add & Remove Software applet and see ... BTW , luckily I have the skills to clean it up via the registry . As for my family or friends -LRB- not in the IT business -RRB- , they are not so lucky ... * My CD-R/CDRW does n't work right while C-dilla is still on my machine ... Yeah , yeah , I probably doing something I am not suppose to , right ? Does it matter ? Seriously , is it your business knowing what I am burning -LRB- music , data , or software -RRB- ? BTW , I had to reinstall my CDR/CDRW drivers after my `` uninstall '' of C-dilla from the registry ... In summary , it is amazing how can company like Intuit can lose one of their loyal soldiers within 1-2 hours -LRB- the amount of time to install , reboot , trying to import , realize what is going on , uninstall ... -RRB- From here on , I will make sure nobody in my circle of friends/family endorse this company .
 I do n't understand how you can resell this . This year it seems that you can only get full use of this software on only one computer . Full use meaning , once you load it onto one computer you can get full use , but if you load it on any other computer you can use it , but you can not print the finished product . In order to print you would have to purchase and additional license.Am I missing something ?
 Several months ago I installed a TurboTax demo CD I received directly from Intuit . But since I can get Intuit 's TurboTax cheaper from Amazon , I uninstalled it.When I got my cheaper version of Intuit 's TurboTax , it would not install . The Intuit TurboTax installation leaves a copy protection system on your hard drive . A bug in the copy protection system makes it think I still have the demo CD and insists that I enter a credit card number and pay again , this time to Intuit directly at the higher price.Four different Intuit tech support technicians tried to help . They had me uninstall , delete files and hidden directories , reboot , use safe mode , and go through all the solutions they use to cure the copy protection problems . -LRB- I got the feeling they are seeing many , many failures . -RRB- They had me buy a new CD . -LRB- To add insult to injury , you pay the shipping to get a refund of the old CD . -RRB- They refused to allow escalation to company management . They refused to take steps to allow reinstallation of the CD I had . They refused to issue 2 numbers over the phone that would have allowed me to install the CD I had.The only solution I know of at this point to the copy protection problem is to buy a new computer -LRB- since I ca n't remove the copy protection fingerprint on the hard drive -RRB- -- and buy yet ANOTHER copy of Intuit 's TurboTax -LRB- since the copy protection system communicated over the internet to disable future activations of the CDs I have -RRB- . Or buy from a different vendor than Intuit and pray they do n't use copy protection .
 I 've been using Turbo Tax since the second year it was available and long before it was purchased by Intuit . I am also a long time Quicken and Quickbooks user . This will be the last year I will purchase any Intuit product because of the product activation policy . The new policy allows you to install Turbo Tax on one computer , one time only . In my case , I first installed it on my notebook , then decided that preparing taxes on a notebook keyboard is not a good idea . When I tried to install the product on my desktop and uninstall it on my desktop PC , product activation told me I could not install a fully working product on my desktop unless I paid for the product again . I called tech support and asked for help and was told that the policy only allows one installation on one PC , no exceptions . That is unacceptable . No matter how well Turbo Tax helps prepare taxes , Intuit 's new policy makes this an unacceptable product . Avoid it at all costs and show Intuit what you think of their new policy .
 I have bought this product for 6 years , never again . The new version can only be installed once , requires online activation , can only be installed on ONE computer . I ca n't work on my taxes both at home and at work . If I uninstall and am later audited , I ca n't reinstall in a couple of years . Worst of all , it installs c-dilla , a malware program which monitors and controls my cd writer . I am not convinces c-dilla is ever uninstalled . This information was never presented on the box when I bought the product .
 I Have used turbo tax for many years and have never had any real problems with it . I have not purchased 2002 yet , but if it has all the problems that ive been reading about , Im certainly not going to use it . I will purchase it , evaluate it , and if not satisfied will send it back and purchase an alternative brand !!!
 Ok this is what happened . I have n't even used the program yet . I put the cd into the drive . It asks me if I want to install it . I say OK . Then nothing happens . I assume its some type of autorun problem . So I go exploring on the cd manualy and run the setup program . Ok fine , they messed that up whatever.Next thing I do is run it . It comes up with all these things like do you want to install Microsoft Money . Why would I want to install it ? I did n't buy Microsoft Money , and I know there are going to say will go here and buy the license key for that . Ok fine , they are pushy like a salesperson for a telephone provider.Next I run the update feature and it downloads a bunch of updates . So now it says its going to restart . I wait for it to restart . Nothing happens . So I try to load it . Nothing happens . So I reboot and try it . Nothing happens . So I reinstall it and try it again . Nothing happens . It just is locked up . Ok , I had to start doing some problem solving . What did I do different about the install ? I did one thing different , installed the program to a separate harddrive . I do this because I run out of space on my first harddrive . I investigated and found that even if you specify what folder to install to , it will just ignore you and install to C : \ Program Files , then putting some other data in the place you asked it to install . So I installed the default way and it worked.Also it installed a bunch of ... to my desktop like quicken brokerage , ing direct $ 50 bonus , SBC Dial Up Offer , and Special Offers . This company must of really lost its focus with its customers . I doubt I will recomend anything Intuit does to anyone , probably tell them to use a Microsoft program.I loaded up the program , I was n't impressed . I think 12 year old with Visual Basic could of done the forms . So anyway that is my opinion and I have n't really worked with the software . Hopefully my experience will be better in the future .
 My CD contained nothing but 11 audio tracks . Office Max would not give me a refund . Intuit would not give me an explanation . I do n't trust a software company that has no control over what code goes into it 's product when the subject is something as important as my tax returns . Do n't buy this garbage .
 I echo everybody 's comments ... Intuit miscalculated ... TaxCut is my accountant now !
 The 2003 version of Turbo Tax requires you to register with Intuit . If you upgrade your computer you need to re-register with them and so on and so on.Also the program installs C-Dilla spyware that monitors all CD activity on your PC ; it continues to spy on you even if you uninstall Turbo Tax.Thoroughly UNRECOMMENDED .
 I 've used TurboTax for many years and was just about to order again . Then I read the reviews here and switched to TaxCut . I definitely think consumers should penalize companies that do the things TurboTax has done this year , so I appreciate the advice.TaxCut served my needs . I should say that I did not find it as smooth as TurboTax was in the past . So my hope is that either TurboTax will get its act together or that TaxCut will improve to be as good as TurboTax used to be.Bottom line
 I 've used TurboTax for years . I 've used Quicken for years . Next year I am going to check out other options both for taxes and everyday finances . Between the product activation , C-Dilla being installed without my knowledge , and all the other advertising TurboTax has , that 's it . I do n't want Intuit to have my money any more .
 The activation key is not user-friendly . I would recommend that no one purchase the turbo tax software and for those of you who did , take advantage of their unconditional 60 day guarantee and let them know why you are returning it . I used to like Intuit products but since they are limiting use on one computer , I am not planning any future purchases of their products .
 Here 's a quote from extremetech.com . -LRB- ExtremeTech & sister ; publication PC Magazine 're industry leaders . You 've probably heard of their most famous writer , John C. Dvorak . -RRB- -LRB- Note : Intuit-TurboTax-2002 's C-Dilla was n't different from other versions of C-Dilla . It just got lotsa attention because TurboTax * was * very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it . -RRB- From ET 's article : `` Likely the biggest problem users have expressed , is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology . People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner , and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded . And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations . -LRB- PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good , the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove . '' ... If you 're planning on using this product at work , forget it ... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you 're installing destructive trojan/spyware -LRB- C-Dilla -RRB- on the company PCs . If you 've already installed this software on a PC at work , let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY , so he/she can take whatever steps are possible to remove C-Dilla . In the 2002/2003 version of TurboTax , a great protest rose up from prominent computer-industry magazines and users , which led to Intuit/TurboTax somewhat apologizing , and offering a program that uninstalled C-Dilla after you 'd uninstalled TurboTax2002 . -LRB- The original uninstaller did n't remove C-Dilla . -RRB- 2004 ... does it have C-Dilla ? I do n't know . It 's not out yet . Approach with caution .
 I have XP and I thought it would work really well but it doesnt and there are so many ad 's - I hate it . I bought Turbo Tax because of the special offer you have with Norton Utilities and it is not with it at all . I love my Norton Symnatic but I wish I could have left Turbo Tax on the shelve . I will go back to my CPA to handle my taxes .
 I used Turbo Tax Business and Turbo Tax Basic this year . The business version repeated crashed my computer and I had to re-install and start my return over twice . The Basic version repeatedly performed `` illegal procedures '' . I re-installed once and had to completely redo my return . I finally got my tax returns completed but not without an extraordinary amount of effort . I would have been better served with a pencil and paper forms.In addition the software does not ask the appropriate questions for 2 % shareholders of an S-Corp that have fringe benefits included on their W-2 's . If you do n't know the tax law you will overpay taxes .
 Thank goodness I read -LRB- and the amazon community wrote -RRB- all these review before I bought TT2002 . I dutifully purchase turbo tax every year , along with Quicken , but no more . I 'm going to try tax cut for taxes , and , I do n't know what for bookkeeping but it wo n't be an intuit product .
 After loading turbo tax on my system , I started having virtual memory problems , AND I have 1 GIG of RAM ! I found out a secret program called C_dilla was hogging up system resources . I tried to remove this C_dilla program and my system wo n't boot.This turbo tax is -LSB- no good -RCB- . I will never buy another Inuit product again . I HAD BEEN a loyal user for over 4 years.NO MORE !
 It 's one thing to put unannounced `` spyware '' on someone 's PC as Intuit has done with Turbo Tax . If you 're using this without a problem it means the spyware is working fine and reporting things about yopur PC back to Intuit via the Web.But then after my security software disabled Turbo Taxes Trojan Horse -LRB- it 's a C-Dilla service under Windows NT -RRB- Turbo Tax stopped working . Four different support reps at their site could n't figure out the problem . My guess is they knew and did n't want to admit it . I figured it out myself . Good luck to anyone who is n't an Ace at PC operating systems!Actually under Windows NT it 's easy to turn C-Dilla off and on -LRB- when needed to print after installation -RRB- by tweaking the service under the Services part of Control Panel . Probably works in Win 2000 too.FYI the C-Dilla installation is the reason Turbo Tax requires admin rights on your NT and 2000 box . I should have know something was crooked - why would a vendor 's product WANT ADMIN RIGHTS over your personal PC?BUT NOW I 'M WORRIED THIS SOFTWARE IS SENDING MY FINANCIALS AND TAX FORM BACK TO INTUIT!So I got my $ back on this turkey - ca n't wait to see the screaming as 4/15 approaches.And I USED TO LOVE THIS PRODUCT . Time to go to Block 's product.Wish I could give negative stars .
 Well , the taxes are done and here is my final evaluation of the TurboTax . Next year , I believe I will be buying TaxCut or whatever other program is available out there . The decision really has nothing to do with the functionality of the program , just a deep seeded anger of the hidden program that thing installed on my system.I have no problem paying and registering for software . What I do n't like is the `` secret '' approach Intuit took by installing this program and making the folder itself hidden from my view . I also do n't understand why this C-Dilla was running on my system at startup even when TurboTax was not used.To the person -LRB- s -RRB- claiming we are fools for talking ... about C-Dilla and looking like ... for doing so
 like the rest of the contributors to these reviews I have used Turbo Tax for at least 5 years . It was always dependable and saved me lots of time . However , based upon what I have read here I will never buy it again . I 'm glad I read these reviews because I was peparing to buy the program again and the box says nothing about the `` spy '' programs . I also have to do tax returns for my kids so being abl ; e to do only one return makes this software totally unacceptable !!!!! The only question I have is whether this is something new or have they been doing it for years ???
 No Turbotax for me anymore . This intrusion by Intuit makes me also worry about the next version of Quicken ! I think I 'll pass that one too ; just in case ...
 I have been a consistent Turbo Tax user for the last 10 years , but what Intuit did this year with the installation of C_Dilla , aka Spyware , is unconscionable . As a result , I have switched to Tax Cut , and it works fine . There is no way I will install spyware on my PC . Intuit blew it big time on this one !
 `` Warning '' After my husband installed turbo tax basic 2002 edition . Our hard drive went down.So we replaced this hard drive thinking I could just install our new turbo tax . Well we were wrong . You must remember the exact date we installed this program . I have no idea of the exact date ; most people will remember passwords but not exact dates unless told to . So here I am just speaking out to anyone that might have to work with turbo tax . Warning this will mess up on your taxes . I had bought this at Target and now I still have to do my taxes buy hand.I tried to contact turbotax and intuit computer services . All I received is automated system . With No email address available I was unable to resolve this problem.Please send this to who ever May need a turbo tax warning so they wont be in the same boat I am.Your truly Mrs Ward .
 I have used Turbo tax for approximately four years . As far as just plain simple tax preparation goes , the software is ok . it will generate a tax return . The problem comes when you have a PROBLEM . Intuit product now requires a person to `` activate '' it over the internet . If you have a problem with that , if you install a new hard drive , or buy a new pc and wish to reinstall turbo tax on the new pc or hard drive , or get an answer to a problem with the software you are SOL . Try finding a phone number -LRB- any phone number -RRB- to call for assistance . Try accessing intuit 's web site where it says you can ask for help from `` a live tech support agent '' . SUCKER !!! Ai n't going to happen . If you happened to buy your turbo tax directly from their web site and have an `` order '' number , you might get through . Otherwise , you go in website circles trying to get actual assistance . They will tell you to contact their technical support , but the website and the product offer no means of actually contacting a person . no phone number , no web pages that actually give you info on how to reinstall your pc . Instead , you are sent in circles on their site , ending up back where you started . Do not buy a headache ...
 I 've used Turbo Tax for years but this is the last time I 'll buy this product . No , I do not want to do my taxes on a machine connected to the Internet ! No , I do not want to enter a gadzillion digits on a phone keypad . No , I do not want the C_dilla folder added to my ROOT directory . Goodby Intuit , I 'll find another product next year or go back to doing my taxes by hand .
 Well , I was going to buy the latest edition of Turbotax , like I do every year , when the C-Dilla -LRB- or whatever that spyware is called this week -RRB- story came out . Intuit says it is n't spyware but there is an overwhelming pile of data that says this stuff can and does cause problems . I do n't feel that lucky . I checked my records and I 've been a satisfied and loyal user of Turbotax for at least 9 years , probably 10 . But no more . I sent an inquiry to their customer support , asking if it 's true there 's spyware , and are they planning to offer any version without that ? No reply . Intuit , its maker , seems to be concerned about people copying their software and giving it to their friends . For my part , the thought never occurred to me ; I 'm usually doing this stuff on the very last day anyway . So the question for Intuit is , are you losing more revenue through copying , or through ticked-off former customers beating feet to your less heavy-handed competition ? Time will tell . Meanwhile , I 'm going to take a really close look at H&R Block 's TaxCut .
 After reading all the hate-reviews on Turbo-Tax , I decided to investigate . It turns out there is a great deal of mis-information in the air . All of the concerns are without merit , with one glaring exception . I 'll get to that in a moment.First , you should know that Turbo Tax can be installed on several computers , and you can even pass the Turbo-Tax CD around to your friends if you wish . You can sell it , or buy it used ; no problem . The software must be activated to use it . That 's all . Quick and easy . Once activated , you can do your taxes , your Mother 's taxes , your children 's taxes , all on the same computer.That first activation is free . Each additional activation , or re-activation , requires what amounts to a licence fee , which ranges from $ 29.95 to $ 99.95 , depending on the version . Fair enough . The Devil gets his due .2
 Dear Intuit , I am absolutely appalled by your choice to install the C-Dilla software on my computer . If I would have known about this , I would never have bought your product , and most certainly would not have installed it . There must be other ways -LRB- Microsoft does it -RRB- to do product activation without leaving a program running on my computer all of the time . You have tampered with my computer and violated my trust ... and yet you expect me to trust YOU with all of my tax financial data.Recently , I tried to make an audio CD with my CD burner . The CD was unplayable , even after another attempt at burning . I was very concerned that C-Dilla is the cause . I uninstalled it using the uninstaller recently posted on your website , but I do n't really know if it uninstalled everything . I still could n't make an audio CD . After switching to `` Track-At-Once '' mode , my audio CD burned properly.Now , did C-Dilla mess me up ? I do n't know . I never had this problem before , but I do keep my CD burning software up-to-date . So , something could have changed there . The point is , you are causing pain and suffering , whether or not your program is actually doing anything malicious . Think about it -- there is an active program that I do not want , and do not know what it does , showing up as running , and using memory , in my computer 's task manager ! After at least 5 years of using TurboTax , I will not be buying TurboTax ever again , without removal of this malicious code , admission of wrongdoing on your part , and refunds to those customers that you burned before the C-Dilla story broke in the press .
 Intuit has made a huge mistake by requiring activation and adding Safecast to TurboTax . Reinstalling this software on a different machine in the future should be allowed without having to call the company . Safecast is `` big brother . `` I have switched and will not buy software from Intuit again.Intuit - wake up . You just lost another customer .
 I have been using TurboTax for years . Overall the program is easy to use and nicely done . However , each year Intuit gets more obtrusive and obnoxious about licensing and installing unwanted garbage on my machine.This year -LRB- Tax Year 2002 -RRB- the install program littered my desktop with spam . The installer also installed a hidden program on my disk drive called C_Dilla . It is part of the copy protection scheme , but C_Dilla is well known to the programming community . C_DILLA products can block access to copying CDs , spy on other files , and cause other ptoblems . It is not clear which parts of C_DILLA TurbTax installs , but installing hidden files on my machine is not very nice . I am presumed guilty I guess . Oh yeah , the hidden files are not removed when you un-install . Nice touch Intuit.Also , if you ever want to re-install this program in the future -LRB- like if you get audited -RRB- you are out of luck . They boast that it will only install once -LRB- for printing -RRB- and if you change PCs or uninstall you must buy another license ! -LRB- If they still sell it when you are getting audited in the future -RRB- . This worries me.Next year I will be checking out the competition .
 I almost bought TurboTax while in the store , but something told me to wait . Thank goodness I saw an article about the new product activation , and all the reviews here on Amazon.comI too have been using Parson 's Personal Tax Edge and then TurboTax for many years . When I heard about the product activation , that was the last straw . I almost forgot about the problems I had last year . After installing TurboTax , it gave me a reminder to download and install the latest update . When I tried , it said I have to have Internet Explorer . Well , I use Netscape , not IE . Trying to call techsupport proved fruitless unless I wanted to spend money . Sorry , I 've already paid once for your product . Then I see the free online chat . Cool , that should get me an answer . Well , when I tried to use their online chat , it says I must install Internet Explorer . You have no right to force me to use one particular browser over another . I thought Microsoft 's attempt to buy Intuit failed . But now it looks like they may have gotten some sort of toe hold in there anyway . I eventually got a live person on the phone , probably the sales department . They immediately offered to send me a cd with the updates . So much for the electronic age.Anyway , I 've always felt TurboTax was a good product and was very willing to pay their modest fee for the product . But , by requiring Internet Explorer for updates and support , and now finally the product activation feature , I feel they have gone downhill in good customer relations . Something to keep in mind ; if you make a good product and have good customer service and support , then people will be willing to pay money for it . If someone is going to steal your software , they probably would never pay money for it anyway . They will go elsewhere and steal something else . So by trying to crack down on piracy , you are losing two customer bases ; the honest ones and the pirates.By the way , I could n't even find an email address on Intuit 's website to write them about my concerns.A former TurboTax user . : -LRB-
 Microsoft-style authentication is bad enough ; at least they do it right . I just migrated all my software to a new hard drive , and all the Microsoft products happily re-registered themselves , without any of them accusing me of attempting to `` pirate '' their software . Same deal for Norton AntiVirus . The one and only software package that screwed this up was TurboTax , which told me I could only install it on one computer -LRB- I guess a new hard drive equals a new computer ?! -RRB- and prompted me to purchase a new license . I eventually located an 800 number , only to learn that they only take calls during regular business hours , when most of us , myself included , have better things to do . When I finally got ahold of someone a couple of days later , I had to work with two different people and reinstall the software twice before someone finally got it to work . Now I 'm worried that if I so much as sneeze on my computer between now and April 15th , TurboTax will define my computer as a `` new '' computer and disable itself all over again . And do n't even get me started on the spyware!If Intuit cares that much about preventing us from using two or more computers to complete a tax return , and that little about giving us a reason to want their product in the first place , then I guess they do n't really need our business that badly . Tell these jerks to take a hike ; get TaxCut instead .
 I have been using Intuit 's Products for many years now . I have always keep up to latest releases -LRB- to a reasonable extent -RRB- . I use
 I can not even get this software to install this year . I have used this product for over 7 years before .
 Anyone planning on using this product needs to be aware that it does not allow you to protect yourself from your Hard Drive crashing and it does not allow you to upgrade your hard drive . I backup my entire Hard Drive to a second HD using Norton Ghost . It does not matter if you use CD 's , tape or what media you use . The new TurboTax puts hidden data on portions or your hard drive outside the normal partition and boot sector -LRB- even using NTFS -RRB- . When I try to use the Ghosted image it tells me to Activate the SW . Of course this fails since it was already activated . By the way , Windows XP -LRB- which also uses activation -RRB- has none of these problems . I dont mind activation to prevent piracy , but Intuit went TOO far when they dont even let you recover from a Hard Disk crash -LRB- and I have experienced several -RRB- .
 I have used TurboTax since Personal Tax Edge was acquired years ago . However , I will not be using it this year . Last year I found TurboTax getting confusing and/or wrong in several key areas . This year with the implementation of software-hardware locking , there is no reason to bother with it anymore . Once you activate it on a PC , you ca n't fully use it anywhere else . We live in a day where people have multi-computer households , where they rely on their work-computers being configured with the same software as their home computers . Consumers -LRB- like myself -RRB- upgrade their hardware continuously . Forcing a software package to run on only a single PC configuration is nuts.Fortunately there are better alternatives for tax software -LRB- i.e. TaxCut -RRB- . I recommend consumers vote with their purchasing power and abandon this restrictive product .
 Intuit 's TurboTax installs C-Dilla spyware , which hogs your computers resources , and does n't get removed when Turbotax is uninstalled . You would also have to purchase a new copy or spend lots of time on the phone with intuit trying to convince them your not a criminal if you upgrade yoru machine . None of that is worth it.How dare they add anything that could remotely be spyware to one of the most sensitive things -LRB- Tax return -RRB- that 's on my computer .
 I have been using TurboTax every year since 1995 . This year they added an activation process to the program which locked up my system on install then would not activate . They told me sorry you need to buy it again , nothing we can do for you ! Well I returned it for a refund to BJ 's Wholesale Club and purchased H&R TaxCut Deluxe for less money . It imported my TurboTax data from last year just fine and no silly activation codes .
 I have used TurboTax for the last 6 or 7 years and have never had a problem with it . I bought TurboTax 2002 before I heard about the SAFECAST/C-DILLA feature . Now , I have no intention of installing the software . I have already purchased TaxCut and will use that instead.There are other ways to keep users from installing the software on multiple computers . The use of C-DILLA was innecessary . If TurboTax keeps this up I will not buy it again .
 I am a CPA and have been using Turbo Tax for years to do my taxes . Because of the `` Product Activation '' now locking Turbo Tax to a single computer for that year , I am switching to Tax Cut to do my tax returns .
 I despise marketing garbage being installed on my computer . I have been a happy and loyal Turbo Tax customer for a number of years , but after reading these reviews I purchased TaxCut this year -LRB- will return Turbo Tax -RRB- .
 I used this product for few years . This version just does not work for me . Tried to enter my stock options income and I could enter only one transaction . After that it got in some kind of loop ... I will return this product .
 The inclusion of an unremovable spyware program -LRB- c-dilla -RRB- is insulting , and enough to ensure I never buy another Intuit program .
 2 stars , because it does still compute taxes , at least.But , the sales pitches and c_dilla make me certain I will never purchase TurboTax again.I would estimate it took me 50 mouse clicks to complete my taxes . Easily 20 of those were me declining sales pitches . No , I do not want to buy Quicken -LRB- I had to tell them no 4 times -RRB- . No , I do not want our IRS audit insurance . No , do not subtract even more money from my refund by allowing me to pay without a credit card . No , I said I do not want Quicken!And I am figuring out how to uninstall this c-dilla thing right now . I wondered where this c : \ c_dilla directory came from.Intuit goofed . I hope they go bankrupt now .
 What we need here is some hard factual information , all of which no one seems to have or at least does n't want to provide . What I am NOT interested in is corporate damage control with stupid statements from these companies because they have been caught with there pants down . Exactly what are they hiding ? A trustworthy company would admit we goofed but here is the fix.If the product is n't malicious then all of this information should be forthcoming . Seems to me this is n't about product activation because people accept that . It 's the low down , sneaky way it was accomplished . It 's about tracking , marketing and money ! Cdilla is a tracking component plain and simple !! It 's about targeting certain market segments and offering products to that particular segment to boost sales . The information that can be obtained from such spybots coupled with the financial and and personal information on a tax return is mind boggling . And like or not , license agreement or not ; no one has voluntarily given up this information . THIS IS INFORMATION THEFT PURE AND SIMPLE . This is n't Kazza folks , its a dead bones serious tax preparation package which was purchased with ... money ! 1 . What is the deal with Sector 32 ? What is written to it ? -LRB- copy of the registry , installed programs , hmmm -RRB- Why does a piece of hardware have to be secretly modified to make the product work . Why does n't the product work with add in HDD controller cards if no secret data is written to the harddisk ? What tools are you going to provide other than a complete low level format to repair your damage ? What makes you think you have the right to physically alter -LRB- damage -RRB- anyones hardware with out there express permission ? 2 . Why ca n't Intuit or Macrovision got off there arrogant asses and provide some detailed factual information and provide complete removal instructions if there is n't some rotten smell coming from the software ? If it 's covered up you will lose marketshare for sure ! 3 . Works after Oct 16th . Sure it does because they changed the backend server to allow it . It means it phones home periodically for validation.Doesn ' t matter what date is set on your machine , what matters is that backend spybot server.What is needed is independent confirmation of all allegations regarding this product . It 's needs to go to underground security groups and warez hackers to enlighten and discover . Some of the best finds and security practices were fathered by some of these now famous people . And further if these claims are validated , complaints need to be filed with your respective state Attorney Generals Office for further review . So step up to the plate , speak now Intuit or forever hold your peace ! If your a user , it 's one of those `` use at your own risk deals '' . You may very well be the next victim of indentity theft . I 'll watch for you on the nightly news.Regards
 If your computer fails , if your printer fails , or if your hard drive fails ; you must buy another copy of Turbotax . A 10 + year user of Turbotax . Never again !! Buy TaxCut .
 My Cd sleeve did n't contain the product key necessary to install the software . Intuit 's answer was to mail it back to them and they 'd replace . That does me no good because I have time to work on taxes now , not in 2 weeks . Add that to the spyware controversy -- I 'm going to buy TaxCut . Turbo Tax has lost me , a many year customer , probably forever .
 I have a dual 1 gig processor system . When I loaded TurboTax on the system , my system started having problems with virtual memory , and I have 1 gig of Ram . I found out a program that turbo tax hides on your drive called C_dilla was using up all my system resources . Do not try to remove it , this C-dilla program writes itself to the master boot record and even after you unistall turbo tax and try to do a manual removal of its components in the registry , the mbr tries to find it and your system crashes . this software is not worth the hassle .
 I love the Turbo tax program , used it year after year ... but this version is totally internet dependent and if you do n't have a DSL or Cable connection you may as well forget it . I tried using it on two computers , one trial , one transmitable , and the transmitable one wo n't read the data on the disk ! Long and short of it ... why do n't they just have us pay them for licensing when we transmit or print ? would n't that make more sense ???? Yes , I 've been hanging with support ... `` sounds like a bad copy on the floppy , save again '' . The fifth time you get the same response your ready to shred the disk !!!!
 I installed the program and suddenly my computer started crashing . The program appears to install some spyware that was probably the source of the conflicts . I uninstalled the program but my computer continued to have problems . It 's been a horror . I will probably have to reformat the hard drive and reinstall the operating system because of the program . I should never have agreed to the terms . I just wish I could have returned the program but it was too late because I had opened the box . It 's not worth it . In the future I will use TaxCut by H&R Block .
 I bought this software and after reading the reviews here and visiting the Turbotax website for their explanations have decided to return it . Luckily I have n't opened the package yet.I have no doubt the software will work as described , I have been very happy with the Turbotax software over the many year I have purchased it . However , I am quite unhappy with the copyright protection put into this software . I suspect if there had been mention of it on the box , I probably would n't be as aggravated . I 'm just lucky I heard about this early on and have this opportunity to return without hassle . I feel like Turbotax tried to sneak this in and that bothers me most of all.After reading some of the reviews here , Iwent to the Turbotax website to read about the installation and it was here that I finally decided to return the software.I 've always used Turbotax and bought the software legally but I as a user should be allowed to use the software on as many of my PCs as I have and not be limited to paying for each installation on every PC I use whether at work or at home . I know there 's a move by Microsoft in this industry to charge for software installation on each PC , but I feel this is unfair . It becomes especially unfair if I were to go out and buy a new PC this tax season and tried to reinstall the software on it only to be charged again.I 've seen mention of a crack on the internet to get around this single activation problem but I have no interest in using software in such a way.Intuit has lost a customer . I will be switching to Taxcut this year .
 I keep my master boot record -LRB- MBR -RRB- write protected for security reasons . A change to the MBR breaks all levels of security except possibly BIOS . Activation of TurboTax 2002 failed because it attempted to write to the MBR sector of my disk . The Intuit site recorded that my software was activated , but the application itself would not run.An hour on the telephone with installation support produced a second activation code , and a disturbing clarification of the license ... . I decided not to activate , returned the CD and asked for a refund -LRB- no response so far -RRB- . I purchased TaxCut and found it equal or superior in all respects . It imports TurboTax 2001 data.I wanted to assign negative stars , but the option was not available .
 I 've used Turbo Tax for years . Last year was a little weak , but this year 's addition of Product Activation cinched it for me . I 'm not a hacker or a pirate , but Product Activation had previously turned my Office XP upgrade from a 30-minute exercise to an all-day nightmare . Product Activation is bad news for legitimate consumers and less than an annoyance to hackers , who have already cracked it.I switched to Tax Cut . It works beautifully , costs less , and imported my prior year 's TurboTax data flawlessly . I recommend other buyers do the same .
 For many years I have been using TurboTax . This is the last . I have already bought the Deluxe version and will use it , but never more . First their `` copy protection scheme '' is intrusive . Intuit made poor preparations for the changes . Second , Intuiit did n't inform their customers what they were doing . The retailers in my area did ' t order enough state forms so I ca n't find any . The C-dilla thing sounds like an welcome mat for hackers . You 've gone too far Intuit . I 'll look at other options.Gil Murray
 The version of TurboTax basic that I bought came with no product key . Customer support through online chat -LRB- only took a half hour once I managed to talk with someone -RRB- was no help - after paying to mail in the CD , they 'll mail back a copy that includes the product key . No thanks - I 'll return it to the store I bought it from - and go to a different product , or -LRB- gasp -RRB- do the return by hand . And the missing product key is apparently common - they 've got an explanation on the website of how to mail it in if your copy is missing the product key.The copy protection feature would be enough to make me consider carefully whether I 'd buy from them again - it 's a real annoyance to have to call to activate it - if you do n't want to do an online update.Don ' t waste your time with this . TurboTax has been great in the past , but they 've lost a customer for good this time . I 'll never buy this again .
 This software , which is already overpriced junk ... historically , now leads the pack for the 2003 award for Most Obnoxious Software with the addition of `` mother-may-I '' copy protection -LRB- ca n't use it without Intuit 's express permission on a single machine -RRB- and installation of admitted spyware -LRB- `` C-Dilla '' aka , `` SafeCast '' -RRB- that stays even when TurboTax is uninstalled ! ...
 I , like many folks , have been using Quicken / TurboTax for a while now - for me , 8 years . That 's over -LSB- money amount -RSB- a year to Intuit.The last few years , I 've put up with the Advertising . ... ... This year , however , is the last straw.I gave TT2002 a shot - I wrestled with it for 3 days now , and Intuit 's customer service is a Customer No-Service . My major mistake was counting on Intuit 's reputation , and not checking out reviews before I paid out good money for this program.Another lost customer for you Intuit , moving to -LRB- sigh -RRB- Microsoft Money and TaxCut .
 Trusted TurboTax over years , used to work nice and beatifully . Now - SafeCast !! It just kills Windows . The only thing installed last 10 months was TurboTax - after that freezes and page faults . Looking the dump / debug files - SafeCast !! What do they think ?? Just my 2 cents and I know they will not miss my $ but what can you do ??
 I hate this product ... buggy setup , ... constant ads for other products and services , funky on-line registeration system , product updating service that crashes your system , does n't work on a home networked operating system ... what is to like ? Tax stuff maybe ? ... who knows by the time you get to the tax stuff you are ready to throw the whole thing in the trash . No customer support to speak of - $ 14.95 on-line payment for tecnical support that must be used within 24 hours - call the company directly and register your displeasure -- at least you get some sympathy ...
 Having used TurboTax for several years , I expected this version to be of the caliber of the others . I must say however that this years version is a far cry from previous ones.While it may compute your taxes properly , it falls on its face with respect to the online functionality . At least it does so on my computer . In my case , it complains about the `` Certificate Authority is invalid or incorrect . '' All attempts to address the problem with the online chat support were completely fruitless . They are obviously reading from cue cards that do n't directly address my situation . They finally suggested that I call customer support at 1-800-4-intuit . What an absolute joke ! The support line directs you to go back to the web site and purchase a pin . Excuse me , but I 've already purchased the product , and now I want it to work ! ... The customer support is some of the poorest I 've ever seen . My question to Intuit is this
 This years 2002 Turbo Tax is a piece of -LSB- bad -RSB- . I am extremely unhappy with intuit for making us use this activation nonsense . It was a major inconvenience for me because I do n't have internet access at home , I use a cell phone for my home phone , so I had to install it on my employers computer . Between the activation , the marketing -LSB- software -RSB- , I will be switching to something else next year . This will be the last time I use Intuit products . Too bad for you Intuit ... Looks like you ... . a lot of people off . You wo n't be getting this customer back .
 As with many other reviewers here , I am completely disgusted with Turbo Tax and will be switching next year . I wo n't re-hash everything said , but will echo it
 I thought I was going to get my tax submitted early this year and get my refund quick , wrong answer . At the final step -LRB- One click update . -RRB- the software shutdown , expecting an automatic restart , nothiing . I clicked the Turbotax Icon , still nothing . After a reboot of Win XP and a click on the Turbotax icon still nothing . I then started looking in the quick start guide for a number to call as I had to do a couple of times in past years . No number to call only a URL . I went to the Intuit support website . After wading through many useless questions I still could not find an answer for my particular problme . To my shock I found that you now have to pay -LSB- $ $ -RSB- for tech support . That is -LSB- $ $ -RSB- for each `` incident '' . The only free support was the useless webpage or an online live chat session . I opted for the live chat . I was greeted with a message saying I was 550 in the que . After waiting for over an hour for my turn to ask a question to a live person It seemed I was talking to a computer robot . The only answer I kept getting was `` We are sorry for the inconvience . Check back in 24 hours for a fix . '' I kept asking diffrent questions only to get the same canned answer . When I asked how I could get a refund I was rudely disconnected . It has been over 24 hours and there is still no fix . It seems I am not the only one haveing this problem . Anyone that did the one click update on Jan 30 , 2003 can not get the software to run again . There is a message on there support page with the same canned message I got from the `` Live support '' last night . Considering that doing tax is a pain anyway this kind of problem is more than an inconvience . If there is ever a fix and it wo n't cost -LSB- $ $ -RSB- or more I am left wondering if all my work was lost ? In my opinion Intuit is trying hard to be a company that will not be in business much longer . After having used this product for the last 6 years I wonder why they are trying so to mess with past success . Anyway I do not recommend this product anymore for the following reasons 1 . Bad or little support . 2 . Difficult installation 3 . Unstable operation .
 Turbo Tax 2002 works great ! The interface is intuitive and very easy to use . Returns are quick to setup and easy to edit without ever having to look at a real form . The final return on review is very accurate . I had no trouble creating my return and then filing it electronically . So I 'm very happy with the functionality of the software.However the copy-protection scheme that Intuit has decided to integrate into Turbo Tax 2002 is absolutely unacceptable ! The C-Dilla software is nearly impossible to eliminate and makes upgrading your computer extremely inconvenient . The thought of more companies adopting this copy-protection technique is extremely disconcerting . In protest I will not be purchasing this product next year unless Intuit removes the C-Dilla copy-protection from their products .
 I could not install this software on my computer though I have used it for over 5 years previously without problems . I spent hours online getting bad advice and finally a free telephone conference -LRB- I had to pay for the phone line -RRB- with an expert . You can not use this software if you use a firewall . The TurboTAx experts will stonewall you on this -- they know there is a problem but will not come clean.Do not purchase this software .
 thank you all for the reviews ... I have been using turbotax for years but am getting taxcut this year . As a side note ... ad aware software will remove spyware and can be downloaded for free .
 I 'm a long time user of Intuit products . I use QuickBooks for my business and upgraded to the 2003 edition last week . I used TurboTax to file my taxes last year and was very pleased with it . Today I bought brand new copies of TurboTax and Quicken 2003 editions . However , for the first time ever I was highly disappointed with an Intuit product!After installing TurboTax , it tried to `` activate '' itself via the Internet . I have a broadband cable connection , but the product failed to detect it ! I tested the connection by opening IE and verified it was up and running . After several attempts I gave up and tried the phone activation option . I dialed the automated number and followed the instructions . The software proclaimed that activation was `` successful '' . I checked the box that says `` Launch now '' and clicked on the button . However , nothing happened !! I tried launching the software from the shortcut it installed on my desktop . TurboTax launched but it said that the product was activated on `` another computer '' and that I need to buy a new activation key !!! I called TurboTax support for assistance . The support rep asked for the product key and my phone number , and then he gave me a San Diego address and instructed me to return the product for a replacement or a refund ! When I told him I simply wanted to activate the product so I can do my taxes this weekend , he responded that my only option is to ship the product to the San Diego address ! When I asked if a replacement product would work better than the one I just tried , he answered that he does not know ! I asked who would pay for the shipping expenses , the rep said `` You '' ! I then asked if I could speak to someone who can provide more help , and the rep said yes and transfered me to a voice mail message that said `` all offices are closed now '' ! I find it unacceptable that brand new software would fail like this . I also find the support was terrible . Having to wait a few weeks for a replacement software that might or might not work is not a good solution.I 'm going to try to see if the store that I bought this product from would give me a replacement . I 'm also seriously considering a switch to TaxCut , which does not have this ` activation ' problem.Mike Nasser
 Turbotax installs malicious spyware code on your machine that IS NOT REMOVED when you uninstall the program . You have to go to the Turbotax web site and get the special instructions to uninstall this spyware . This is not good . I 'm done with Turbotax .
 I have been using Turbo Tax for over 5 years , and up until this year , had no problem with it . However , this year it is different . First of all why , if this is NOT freeware or shareware , do I have to put up with all the sales and marketing crap the program contains ? Every other screen when doing your taxes is them trying to sell you something or get you to pay more for something else ! It is annoying as hell!Then , there 's the infamous C_Dilla directory . I am all against software piracy , but for TurboTax to install software without my knowledge , and to run processes in my computer that I am not aware of and that run even when TurboTax is not running , is just totally wrong in my book ! To me this is called `` Spyware '' , period!I really hope Intuit reconsiders their tactics , because there are plenty of options out there for Tax preparation software , and honestly , this was the last year I used TurboTax , because I am fed up with all this !
 C-Dilla will be installed on your drive WITHOUT you knowing it . Read all about it ... To quote : `` Well wonder no more - product activation has now made its way into one of the most popular software programs ever created , TurboTax . And , as an extra bonus , the latest release of TurboTax comes with Macrovisions 's obnoxious C-Dilla malware . C-Dilla prevents you from copying the CD by disabling your CD-RW drive . That means it 's monitoring your CD writing activities all the time . As if you needed more processes running on your machine . Early reports from some users indicate that C-Dilla has caused interference with other software and that it is inordinately difficult to get rid of , perhaps requiring a low-level hard disk format . And to make things even dicier , Intuit apparently did not overtly inform purchasers of the new TurboTax that C-Dilla was included and would be installed on their systems . ''
 I 'm a 5-year TT user who is switching to H&R ; Block 's tax software this year . If I want product activation , malware , spyware and ... customer service , I 'll buy Windows XP , download Gator and BonziBuddy and buy an IBM laptop , thank you very much.It only gets 1 star because I ca n't go any lower . And as someone who recommends software and hardware purchases for friends and family , I 'm going to make sure no one buys TT from now on .
 I bought Turbotax for six years , never again ! Turbo Tax 2002 allows one install on one computer , NO reinstalls , plus it installs malware . You must online register . You ca n't use on both home and office computer to do your taxes . You ca n't reinstall in a couple of years if you are audited . C-Dilla MALWARE is installed to control your cd burner . I am not convinced the C-Dilla is ever uninstalled . There was no notice on the box when I bought this item that these horrible things would happen .
 Reviewer
 I was a avid Turbo Tax supporter since 1995 . In 2001 I used Turbo Tax 2001 Home/Business . The software made a serious error which the IRS caught . It did n't calculate correctly and left off my eduction credit , gave two figures for my business income , and mistated my adjusted gross income . I had to verify all the incorrect information with the IRS . It took two months and many calls to the IRS to get my refund after electronically filing . Turbo Tax does n't have a toll free number to call for help . You have to pay for assistance with their products . If you go online they have an online chat room , which gives you no help . Needless to say when I file my 2003 taxes I will go with Tax Cut by H&R ; Block.Intuit has gone down the drain . I would n't want anyone to go through the drama I did with this piece of crap product .
 After the hassle I had last year with Intuit and the `` free '' state version I will not buy another product from them . I made many , many , phone calls -LRB- my dime , my time -RRB- , e-mails with the worst support/help I have yet to encounter -- and in the tech industry that is not a compliment as very few in this industry are even remotely proficient at it . The run around was that I needed to contact a different dep ` t , person , etc. . Then of course they wanted more money . I , for one , had enough of Intuit last year .
 I have used , enjoyed and positively reviewed TurboTax for the past several years . This will be the last year I use it . Negative changes and how they affected me include : - the installation of lots of extra marketing slime-ware on my computer . Hey , I 've paid for the product ... why is Intuit now trying to sell me on it 's various marketing partners ? I 'd expect this from some fly-by-night company -LRB- like Real Audio -RRB- , but Intuit ? How far they 've fallen . - New `` improved '' installation policy . Normally , I installed a copy of this software on my main home PC and a copy on my laptop . I 'd do all my financial calculations and entries in advance of my yearly visit to the accountant 's office - just so I 'd have an idea of what I owed , what documents I 'd need , and what questions to ask . Typically , I took my laptop with me and was able to show where numbers came from and what I was thinking . Not any more . You can only install this baby on one computer . So much for flexibility . So much for trust . Intuit does n't trust you , their customer . Additionally , the C-dilla spyware is installed on your system ... and ca n't be un-installed even if you remove Turbo Tax . This is a total invasion of privacy ! - They 've disabled the prior year import feature from the basic edition ! In another slimy -LRB- there 's that word again -RRB- effort to extract more revenue from its ' customer base , Intuit has disabled the prior year import feature from the basic version !!! You have to buy the `` Deluxe '' version to get this expected feature . I purchased this version without noticing this and now am forced to re-enter all my depreciation information , social security and address information , etc. . What a pain ! -LRB- Later edit
 Intuit , in its -LRB- rightful -RRB- decision to protect its product from casual copying made a very very wrong decision by installing a service called C-Dilla on the user 's machine . This service , which runs all the time and wo n't uninstall even after you 've uninstalled Turbotax is often considered as `` spyware '' by various source on the internet . It installed without the user 's permission , and is not even refered to in the license agreement.I would strongly suggest staying away from Turbotax products this year . Hopefully Intuit will have learned its lessons next year and removed this .
 Stay away from this years Turbo Tax because :1 -RRB- The new activation scheme limits you to use it effectively on only one machine . The company says you can install it on different machines but you can only print and see the forms on the one machine that has been activated . The only thing you can do on any other machine is go through the interview process . You can not see the resulting forms or print without activating . How totally useless ! 2 -RRB- If you upgrade your hard drive -LRB- easy to do with prices falling for hard drives -RRB- or get a new machine you must buy another copy of Turbo Tax , even if you removed the first install . Its like selling a wrench to a mechanic that can only be used on one car only .
 I have used turbo tax for the last 3 years and have been very happy with it . However this 2002 version is probably that last one I 'll ever buy . The new activation feature , which is meant to prevent people from sharing the program , only served in preventing me from loading it onto my computer.I contacted Intuit trying to resolve the problem and so far have recieved what basically amounts to a `` run around '' . I have never used the competitor 's software , but this year I 'm going to have to give it a try due to turbo tax not working . Save your money and your heartache and buy something else .
 I have been a consistent customer of Turbo Tax -LRB- & Quicken -RRB- for 5 years.This year , they have come up with a way for you to pay for the privilege of something that should be free . You need to activate your computer in order to print or file electronically , effectively limiting your filing to 1 PC FOREVER!I when i went online to get support , and asked about things like
 I have been using TurboTax for years - few complaints . This year - I 'm boxing it up and sending it back ! I can not comment on the actual program this year - I never got that far!I bought a few weeks ago and installed - getting ready for taxes in January . The app installed a TON of `` buy this , buy that '' and CONSTANTLY bugged me for more money . Very annoying - especially considering I paid for this program - it 's not shareware.A week before Xmas my hard drive failed - I bought a new drive and re-installed . The new registration process first forced me to `` activate '' the software - then told me I had already installed and I had to buy another copy . I thought it was a simple mistake - so I called Tech Support . Oops - tech support is only open 9 to 5 M-F . Who works on their taxes in the middle of the day ?? Oh , by the way - if you want to call them - its $ 14.95 per call - but you still have to call them in the middle of the day!I searched high and low on their website - there is no info -LRB- FAQ or other -RRB- to help with this issue ! My only option was an Internet Chat . The Tech Support told me - yep , that 's right - if you re-install you have to buy another copy . I explained , in detail , my circumstance - no luck ! He was more than happy to help me purchase another copy though ! Finally - after nearly 45 minutes of arguing about it - he gave me `` a one-time exception '' and gave me a new key . All I have to do is uninstall , re-install from scratch -LRB- again -RRB- and type in the new key . Oops - new key does n't work . I give up.Goodbye TurboTax !
 This will be the last year I use it . Bad vibes and how they affected me include : - Yes , the installation of lots of extra marketing slime-ware on my computer . - Could not understand why turbotax said my IRA contribution was not allowed . Here is the rub the TURBOTAX DOES CALCULATION INCORRECTLY . Turbo worksheet does the calculation incorrectly when you have all your earned income reported from sources that do not report on W2 forms . Ex . foreign earnings . Wonder how many other errors are built into their code . - Bought in Nov the deluxe version which includes a state version rebate . However , the state form may not be ordered until February and the rebate not obtained until then . <
 Bought TurboTax locally and tried to install it . Intuit 's new registration routine thought that I had borrowed the software from someone else during the installation process , and hence wanted me to pay to use it . Contacted Customer Support to work through the issue - unsuccessful . Ended up boxing it up and sending it to them for a refund . I bought TaxCut and have had no problems and I 'm likely to never to go back to TurboTax . The new registration scheme and their service icons which they litter on the desktop are just too much for me . Big thumbs down .
 Intuit added software to their product called C-Dilla which runs on the user 's machine all the time and wo n't uninstall even after you 've uninstalled Turbotax . It is installed without the user 's permission , and is not even refered to in the license agreement.I have went to TaxCut and have found it to work just as well -LRB- without the added Spyware software -RRB- .
 Please forgive the single star rating , there was n't an option for no stars . Intuit has joined the parade of companies that treat their customers as thieves . They 've included the C-dilla spyware with the TT program so they can prevent you from using the software on more than one machine . The utterly galling thing is that they do n't tell you they 've done this . This spyware can not be removed with the deinstaller they provide . It remains on your system even if you remove TT and it runs all the time.I 've used their products for years now but I will not buy it ever again . I am switching to a competitor and I recommend that you do the same .
 This product is terrible.In lesson 1 for beginners the phrase `` parlez vous Francais '' is translated as `` are you a student ? '' How can such a basic mistake go un noticed ? Other examples are to be found-and the grating translation of ` tu ' is given as ` y' all ' so obvioulsy this CD ROM is intended for southern americans
 A bit of a dissapointment . With multiple children at age levels that fit the advertised grade 1 - 5 , I was surprised that grade level distinctions were not clear . Math Trek 1 , 2 , 3 included grade levels K to 3 ; Trek 4,5,6 did not have clear instruction on what the grade levels were . Also , one child is in Grade 1 , and we found some of the topics more like Pre-K , K . It was a bit boring for the 1st grader . Science only had treks 4,5 , 6 and seemed inappropriate for grade 1 and 2 ; maybe a 3rd grader could hang . What happened to science for Grade 1 - 3 ? I want to be fair . We recently purchased the product , so we are still exploring . But I was surprised that each child does not have to sign in . How do you track progress ? Reviews of the 2006 product had similar complaints . I gambled and hoped that 2007 would be better , but it does not seem to be . But hey , I purchased it for less than $ 12 including shipping -LRB- $ 4.95 or something like that ex shipping -RRB- . It was worth the gamble , and I think there will be some value in the end . But I sure am glad I did n't pay full price . I would have been pissed !
 I concur with Education Advocate 's assessment of this software . I , too , gambled on this product since it was cheap - further proof positive that you get what you pay for , I suppose . My kiddo was instantly bored and the interface is so babyish compared to this age group 's slick high-tech interests that I wish I had saved my change and bought something different .
 This crashed my Vista system within one hour . Crappy features , confusing design ... get Xppress Burn or Toaster .
 Should be no star . Did not do anything , it did not do what it say it will do . i just spent my money for nothing . Do not buy anything from COSMI .
 I do n't know if this ite is good . it did not work for me . I tried to get some advice from my friend still not work for me .
 I confess I have not used the product for more than 2 minutes . I decided to toss it when I realized it ca n't insert a form on the page -LRB- you have to type the HTML manually -RRB- . I suppose for $ 20 I should have lowered my expectations .
 I had started working on a web page using a free editor . I then bought this editor , only to find out that it can not read HTML format . What web page editor ca n't read the language of the web?The free program -LRB- nVu -RRB- is so much better .
 Would not recover e-mail older than one year . Would not recover photos I had recently deleted.Wrote 3 requests for help and did not receive a reply . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I bought it and installed it . It does not show video.To see video , we had to upgrade to version 5 -LRB- the one I bought on Amazon was 4 -RRB- Piece of junk , which tricked us into paying another $ 50 for ver .5
 This is not a good product . It will not install on Win7 and the computer company -LRB- honestech.com -RRB- does not offer support for it.The seller Goldenruleguy has promised me a full refund including shipping . This is very nice of him.I have always found the Amazon sellers to be honest , and this is a good example of that.Seller gets 5 stars , product gets 0 stars .
 I tried it and gave up . Basically this a collection of burning utilities , most of which have free versions that are as good or better . I thought I 'd never say this , but you 're better off with Microsoft ! Media player and Windows Movie Maker do the playing and burning just fine , and they 're free . Nero has better audio cleanup , and Roxio Easy CD/DVD creator is easier to use.To add insult to injury , BurnSuite creates an auto-startup in your registry and hides the contol menu , so it is really hard to find to get it out . It slowed down my 1GHz laptop just to have their junk on my screen . I finally uninstalled it to get rid of the intrusion and slowdown.There are multiple `` makers '' of this sofware . I bought mine under the `` Me Too Software '' label.PS . Do n't believe any rebate or return claims on this product ! They denied my rebate after explaining the small-print terms on the rebate form . After calling for help , they dragged out the process until my 30-day return window had expired , so I could n't return it , either . Everyone I spoke with over there talks like a lawyer . I expect everything they are doing is `` legal '' , it 's just obnoxious . You are better off not getting involved with them .
 I wish I could give it -1 star , for the unnecessary aggravation this package causes . It is nothing but an ad campaign for Handango , packaged to imply you are getting an actual product . When you load the CD it starts up a `` catalog '' that allows you to browse Handango 's list of products and add the non-free ones to a `` Wish List '' , for which you must pay , and then can download . To get to the `` free '' stuff , you have to browse through the entire catalog , highlight the title you want and double-click . This takes you to a `` more info '' page which really does n't have much more info . Then you can `` download '' , then `` install '' - which for most titles amounts to unzipping the files to a directory on your local drive . If you do n't want to use the default directory , you have to enter the path TWICE . Then , finally , you end up with the exact same files you could download for free from a myriad of websites , much faster and more easily than from this stupid CD . And , you still have to actually install the software -LRB- a few titles install from the `` download/install '' page , but most do n't -RRB- . I guess that 's why the rebate is for the total amount of the purchase price - becuase you 're not actually getting anything . Oh , yeah , and they 're nice enough to offer you one of several of their other titles in place of the rebate , if you want . How generous of them!There is n't a single title on this CD that you can have `` for free '' because you paid the purchase price , that you ca n't have for free from somewhere else . Also , while some of it is pretty good , most of it is older , BETA , or otherwise not quite up to par . Basically , it 's your average freeware , and I 've seen virtually every one of these titles in numerous other places.Just on principle , I will not now buy ANYTHING from this stupid catalog , and I will ask for my cash back , not another of their titles . This is just a underhanded way of making the customer go to the trouble of obtaining their advertising . They might as well just put the URL for their website here , charge you to go there , and then give you back your money when you land on their site.Save yourself the trouble -LRB- and the price of the stamp for the rebate form envelope , not to mention the shipping from Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- , if you did n't qualify for free shipping -RRB- and go directly to Handango 's website , or to any number of other sites , for the same exact thing .
 This product only contains demo software of products that handango wants you to buy . It is definitely not worth 20 dollars ! Do n't buy it !
 This product is like an online catolog downloaded onto a simple disc . You can have the same catolog on any pocket pc download site -LRB- ... -RRB- and you still get the same games and utilities free that you get in the CD . If you buy a CD with programs on it for 20 dollars , you should not have to pay more for each of the individual 500 things it come with.They give you a -LSB- promotional offer -RSB- for a reason - it isnt worth anything
 I purchased the product hoping to diagnose & hopefully fix a hard drive that had essentially crashed.The emergency disk that came with the program turned out to be useless -- no better than Microsoft 's ScanDisk program.What worked ? Downloading the diagnostic program made specifically for my hard drive by its manufacturer -LRB- Maxtor -RRB- . I ca n't speak to the other utilities in the suite as I will be returning the program .
 I decided to purchase this product after reading glowing reviews in various computer magazines . I was looking for an alternative to Norton after I had some problems running it under Windows ME . SystemSuite did not prove to be any more stable under ME . Thinking the problem was Microsoft 's fault -LRB- which may still be partially the case -RRB- , I went back to Windows 98SE . Unfortunately , SystemSuite 's performance did not improve . It crashed repeatedly under Win98 , whereas I never had any such problems with Norton under 98 . Further , I found SystemSuite is harder to understand and control . And the clean up facility does not appear to be safe . I will not be reinstalling this on my system , and am returning it to the manufacturer for a refund . Trust me - stick with Norton .
 This software is garbage . I bought this product based on magazine reviews - do n't trust them . I had read that Norton 's Systemworks has problems as well and that is why they only pre-install the anti-virus application on new computers . I have Windows Me on a new Dell 8100 . Ontrack looked interesting but do n't be fooled . The Crashproof application is supposed to stop crashes but all it did was lock up my system and take down my router - after I decided the cause of the problem and removed Systemsuite the router returned to normal . I also used the defrag - took forever and then locked up without completing its task . Also the virus scanner does slow down the system considerably . Take my advice - Do n't Buy .
 I tried this software on Windows 95 and Windows NT Workstation . If installed on NT Workstation , it installs 2 background tasks which will not shutdown when the system shuts down . Instead you get a prompt stating `` the task can not shutdown automatically , do you want to terminate it . '' The uninstaller is very dangerous as it removes entries from the registry that should not be removed . The `` Move '' feature -LRB- to move an application from one machine to another -RRB- is documented as being able to move from one OS to another -LRB- their example is 98 to NT -RRB- . When you try to do this , it kindly builds a ` transport ' file , but when you try to install the transport file onto another Windows OS , it tells you that it can only move from one machine to another having the same OS . Even if you use the same OS , it does not move all the registry entries which are associated with the application . Try moving MS Word across 2 machines and you will see what I mean . The company seems very happy to acknowlege these bugs in emails , always suggests a fix is in the works , but has never produced a bug fix for anything other than their useless disk defragmenter . Ironically , my system needed much more fixing after I installed this product . On a positive note , the ` bonus ' utility PowerDesk is terrific value . It is an excellent file manager , providing dual windows , a decent FTP client and a ZIP manager . It really should have been the product for sale with System Suite listed as ` bonus software to be used at your own risk '' My advice , save yourself the hassles .
 Be very careful if you purchase this product . It tells you that you can delete some files when in reality you should not . To me , it is useless a Registry Cleaner with this behavior . The Disk Fragmentation utility is one of the worst I have ever seen . Half of all the utilities are just pure garbage . Do not even think on using the anti-virus , it is lousy and it slows down your machine . The Crash Guard utility stops your computer from crashing ... by freezing it !! If you have another suite installed in your system , SystemSuite will disable many of the utilities already installed . I can not think of one good think about this suite , Oh yes there is one ... very nice layout . I am requesting my money back ; and remember , if you purchase this suite BE VERY CAREFUL it can DESTROY and/or mess up your Windows and Files registries in no time .
 This product has one of the best system repairs & restores . IT HAS ONE BAD UTLITY THAT SHOULD NEVER BE USED ! NEVER , NEVER , NEVER LET it erase files it thinks are UNECESSARY ! It has seriously messed up one of my computers . I had to hire a repairman for a FULL REFORMAT ! The unused file removal program should NEVER be on this program ! My repairman told me Norton used to have the same problem .
 I 've struggled with this product for over a year now . FinallyOntrack support decided to tell me that they do n't support SCSI.Since this is listed nowhere on the box , in the documentation , orat the web site , I 'm in the process of trying to get a refund .
 When I bought this , I was told that this was the best and easiest to use . I am fairly computer knowledgeable and I had lots of trouble getting this product installed . After installation , I could not get it to connect my two computers through a simple serial cable connection . Documentation did not cover any of the trouble I experienced . The small `` quick start '' document was lacking the detail I needed to know to solve all the issues . I am not happy I bought this product .
 Laplink was the first to offer travellers dos software to transfer files from laptop to desktop and make backup up disks that were clones of the main hard drive . In addition , the dos version had a batch file function which could be used to backup only selected files . It ran flawlessly . Laplink 2000 and now , Laplink Gold , unfortunately are not worthy successors to the dos version . My experience is with Win98 and Laplink 2000 and Gold seem to have problems with it . The clone folder function causes fatal errors . Attempts to get help from Laplink support have come to naught . They have n't even bothered to answer my last email .
 The key value of this product is the ability to sync large or many files across machines . I travel a lot , so being able to synchronize my laptop files with my office and home workstation is the whole point of Laplink Gold . You can imagine , then , my horror at finding that this product does not work with my laptop
 I do n't know if I am confused or if this is just not what I wanted but there were n't 750,000 images . It is not that easy to follow and hard to find the pictures or images . I ended up uninstalling it and just put it aside in case I need it sometime . I think it was a waste of my time and money .
 What a scam ! Think you 're getting 950,000 images in the box ? I did . But think again . You have to suffer through endless downloads to get more than the handful of images they give you in the box . And to top it all off , the membership expires after a year . So you pay good money for expiring vaporware - nothing in the box and no good after a year . I do n't think so ...
 Difficult to work with.Poor quality images.Difficulty locating them .
 This is the biggest waste of money I 've ever seen ... every time I went to select a piece of clipart , it forced me to try and download it from the web ... and most of the time , the site was n't even available . If it was n't a gift , I would have sent it back .
 I downloaded this software from the Freeverse website for my elementary school aged boys based on the reviews and recommendations . I use MAC Snow Leopard . I downloaded the software , typed in the web key , launched it , configured the settings , then re-launched it . The browser failed to launch after configuration and all I had was a screen of code . I used CleanMyMac to uninstall it then started over and ensured I went step by step . This time I did n't even get as far as setting up the preferences.I contacted Freeverse using their web-based support form . I received a prompt e-mail telling me they had it . I 've been logging in daily for a week now and it still shows as `` Pending Assignment '' . I have sent a total of three e-mails to Freeverse now with no response . I got frustrated and tried to call the phone number listed on their website in New York . It went to a fax machine . I tried sending e-mails to other links on their websites and these were rejected by the companies Spam filtering software.For all I know this software may be the greatest thing since sliced bread . I bought it because I thought it would be great for my kids . However , I have followed the steps and ca n't get it to run properly ... the company is unresponsive to customer service support requests and is unresponsive to general attempts to contact them . I have asked for a refund with no response . My next step is to contact my credit card company and revoke the charge .
 Very dry . . Runs with quicktime which is an older viewer with bug * lots of bugs * . Worked for 2 weeks on XP , then I got internal error message and hardly any support from staff , so far.not recommended .
 I bought this software because ... . of course ... here it comes ... . I needed help with Calculus ! My computer is top of the line , with absolutely NO conflicts ... recent drivers ... and all that good stuff ! I CA N'T GET THIS PROGRAM TO WORK IF MY LIFE DEPENDED ON IT ! Maybe the tutor stuff is good -LRB- I would n't know -RRB- , but only if you have a previus O.S. to Win XP will you be able to utilize it ! This program sucks .
 I bought this set with my upcoming chemistry exam in mind . I am so glad I did n't pay full price for it . What a dissapointment . It cheaply uses an internet browser interface as its own -LRB- Netscape -RRB- , and barely brushes the surface of topics that are in desperate need of in - depth explanations . The `` glossary '' takes a long time to load , if it ever does at all . Topics which most beginning/general chemistry students find daunting , such as nomenclature and chemical formulas , are barely addressed in a simple half page of text.I was so excited that this product existed for college level classes , but it 's really a big bore . College Pro Math is a much better product , with animations and voice instruction . This Science package is practically useless.After trying my hardest to study with this horrible , slow and boring software , I am going to sit on the sofa with my chemistry textbook and my chemistry flash cards , and study the old-fashioned way . Do n't buy this software .
 I own the PC version of this software and I have been very satisfied with the quality of the PC version however , this MAC version repeatedly crashes while cleaning . Currently , -LRB- 6-30-04 -RRB- Webroot does not have an update that fixes this problem . I am sure that they will make a patch but as for right now I would not buy this product until the bugs are worked out . I would easily rate the PC version a 4 or 5 for quality and I am disappointed that the MAC version does not work .
 I use this product for my pc and for my old imac running the classic mac os and I am well satisfied with the performance of this product for those apps . However , at this time , I can not recommend this product for the mac os x . After several contacts with their mac tech dept. , I have reached the conclusion that they think I 'm stupid , they do n't give a damn , or they are clueless -LRB- or any combination of the previous -RRB- . It will not consistently clean out Quicktime , Preview , or `` previous folders '' found under the Go menu in finder to name a few . Until they get a handle on working with os x , I would suggest to you not to buy .
 This program is nothing but some instruction and discussion of pre algebra and algebra . It claims there is practice tests and activities . The only thing that is anything like that are some printable sheets of equations . No activities anywhere and nothing interactive in the whole thing accept turning the pages while the instructor and a student talk !!!
 The CD would n't work , and I tried it on two different computers , one with an XP operating system , one with Vista . This is a horrible product . I know it 's cheap , but you might as well throw that money away !
 I used the NTI cd maker gold for some time and all I have to say is that it created more problems than burns . I found especially annoying the `` smart choice '' option that the software prompts you to everytime you try to burn a media
 I think this product is more complicated that it should be . But it gets the job done . It would help to have an instruction manual .
 I got this for my kids and me but it was so boring and not worth the money . Not an attention getter .
 okay does not work with mac ... why ? You all know how apple is always trying to make more money . You need a mac or pc but your mac must be OS X so if you have 10.5 or below then you cant run your cd rom on mac you have to buy OS X . It aint cheap at all so make shore you have MAC OS X before you buy this CD rom cause it didnt work for me . THANK YOU APPLE -RRB- :
 Audio is not `` clear and concise . '' I 've tried on two different computers with different sound card settings and still found audio to suffer . I do not feel that this is due to the quality of the playing device as I hear background noises in the recordings . The speaker 's style was simply difficult for me to follow comfortably . The Mishna is translated orally , not as text , into English . If you are not concerned about having an English text of the Mishna , then this is a good product . The Hebrew font is clear . I was disappointed that the English translation was available in text format only for the Tanach . Again , if the English translation -LRB- oral -RRB- is not a concern , then this product is good .
 There is nothing defective about the product itself , but it 's not like the first two games in the SpyFox series . It is set up in miniature shorter games like an arcade . It has nothing much to do with detective work like the others , so it 's not useful for long term entertainment .
 If your child has not played any educational software games in the past , she or he might be content with this product . However , if your child needs visual stimulation as well as a lot of fun interaction , this game is seriously lacking in both areas . While some of the graphics and sounds are a slight-bit entertaining , they lose their attraction quickly . Math problems can be presented in a far more engaging setting . For example , Scholastic 's Math Missions , although not in 3D graphics , is much better ; placing math in context of story lines keeps the child engaged for hours .
 Marketing gives the impression that this is a 3D interactive , when in fact it is not . After the interactions occur , and sometimes during , you are shown a canned quicktime movie . Same movie may be shown over and over and over ... Any program that requires Windows users to back off of Quicktime 6 and install 2.5 from the CD-ROM is useless.Tried it on our Mac also and found that if you type too fast , it misses your keystrokes , and counts the stroke as an error ! If you type too soon , even after the visual prompt is displayed , it misses the keystroke.Distracting visuals and too great a visual reliance on the keyboard chart at the expense of the source text hinders learning . IF you make a single mistake , you lose and have to start over.This program may have functioned well in its day -LRB- though I do n't see how that could be -RRB- , but it is out-of-date , in addition to being very poorly designed.STAY AWAY !!!
 A very basic program . Not enough variety of activities to hold a child 's interest .
 The description says it runs on the Mac platform ; however it does n't . It only works on much older Macs and its an academic version
 this dictionary and thesaurus are very important for a pro writer and I just can not get it to load on my new Dell XPS with Hyper Threading Pentium 4 . Called Dell . No help ... they do n't know how to fix as HT tech is so new . Any clues ? Right now I have my old system networked to run just Webster 's , but still have to cross the room to look at it and ca n't cut and paste since the big Dell does n't recognize WNW . Yiiikes . I know this is n't a newslist , but if anyone has a HT Pentium 4 and got it working on yours , please contact me at saynitso@lunchezine.com . Thanks in advance for suggestions . It is the best dictionary and thesaurus on the market as far as I can tell ... if you can get it to work .
 I was thoroughly disappointed . The first few words I looked up in the thesaurus were not listed -- words like upholstery ! When I went online to see what I might be able to glean from their online site , first Fogware had not sent me a coupon , then I had to deal with bad customer service -LRB- I am not doing business with any companies anymore that give bad support -RRB- then after I finally got the coupon code they had left out of my box , the online info is exactly what we have in the cd -- so save your money and do not subscribe to their extended services site unless you need a spanish online dictionary also ! VERY BAD ! I am now going to go buy Roget 's and check it out !
 This dictionary is not for the person who English is his second language . It does not have enough sentence examples to let you know how to use each entry word . In addtion , the micro does n't work well with MS Word .
 purchased the product 1/22/2011 and used it for a year , computer crashed and contacted for-ware . com to re validate mymy licenses since i also purchased the additional dictionaries at 20.00 each . the seller will not re validate my licenses after a reinstall.I recommend not purchasing this product since you will be throwing away your money and fog ware will not respond to your request to re-validate licenses .
 I purchased this software in July of 2011 but did n't have a chance to install it until I received my new laptop , this January . When I did a complete install , the program would n't accept the code printed on the inside of the plastic disc carrier . I contacted the vendor directly and they insisted that my disc was not valid . They would not help me to remedy the problem . It will be a cold day before I ever use any of their products again .
 I recently purchased a new computer . The dictionary/thesaurus software I had been using for several years did not work very well with the new computerand windows 7 . I had been looking for something new and updated ; I thought the Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate Dictionary and Thesaurus would be a good choice and Amazon as usual offered a good price . I was wrong on my choice of software . I spent over four hours trying to get it loaded and getting it to work . I have twenty-five years with computers , both at work and at home ; I have never experienced this much trouble with any other software in the past fifth-teen years . After four hours of total frustration I gave up , called Amazon and complained . The Amazon representative was quick to arrange for a return of the product and a credit for my purchase . Merriam-Webster gets a one star , only because that is the lowest offered ; Amazon.com gets five stars for not adding further to the problem . Thank you Amazon.com .
 This software is the most woefully inadequate dictionary/thesaurus I 've ever encountered . If you enter any form of a verb into the dictionary , `` managable '' or `` managed '' for instance , it takes you to the root form of the verb , even if the word you entered is misspelled . If you are lucky , the past tense of the verb and perhaps one other conjugated form are listed , but often not the word you entered . Abysmal!The thesaurus is worse ! `` Cloth '' is not in the thesaurus at all and `` cloth '' and `` fabric '' are not listed as synonyms . Really ?! Do n't waste your money .
 Although this dictionary 's contents are extensive , the screen functions are relics from the DOS era . They are laborious and clumsy . To find a word for difinition , it has to be spelled perfectly , there 's no list of proximations to the word entered . Changing a word selection is also clumsy especially in the thesaurus when the cursor does n't show up in the entry slot . If someone knows of a better software , I 'd sure like to hear cause this thing sucks !! Maria McGowan
 The definitions and thesaurus cross referencing are very good . The user interface is quite honestly shameful . Software companies got away with this years ago , but there are now accepted standards for windows user interfaces -LRB- e.g keyboard short cuts are missing -RRB- . Integration with Word 2003 is weak . Numerous bugs and exceptions and very slow .
 Merriam-Webster 's Collegiate is the standard for many of us in magazine and book editing . Beware , if you expect to receive an up-to-date rendition of it on disk . I bought the printed Eleventh Edition a couple of months ago , then bought the disk version earlier this week because I thought it would expedite my word checks while editing onscreen . For most needs , this certainly is ample -LRB- although I do n't like the awkwardness imposed in switching between dictionary and thesaurus -RRB- . Although the disk box claims it to be the `` Eleventh Edition of America 's # 1 Dictionary , '' I believe it 's four or five years out of date already . Certainly the printed Eleventh Edition which I received contains terms not yet included in this product . Quick test
 Considering Merriam-Webster 's venerable name in the reference publishing industry , I bought this CD ROM Dictionary . I am sorry I did.It is a total misery ! Installation is as laborious as it can possibly be , and comes with gobs of advertisement . I could not not find the application after installation it is mingled with so many things the publisher wants to sell you
 This is the worst thing I have ever bought . I bought it because I am having some trouble in spanish in school . I bought it thinking that if I gave a english word it would give you the spanish word or vise versa . But all it does is give you the definition and does not give you the english word.So save your self 20 dollars and do n't buy this
 Having purchased and been very happy with Acrobat 4-6 standard editions , I am sorry to say Version 7 is real step backwards for Adobe : -- The program will not read many pdf documents Acrobat 4-6 will -LRB- this may some sort of font copyright problem or just a flaw in this version of the software -RRB- . -- The Activation process is tedious , difficult and prevents you from using your own software , even if you only install it on one machine.Having purchased this software almost a year ago , I uninstalled it because it did not read files Acrobat 6 does , as mentioned above . I thought this might be a bug in the program which Adobe would fix . So I installed and uninstalled it several times , each time the program would not work . Now the program tells me I have activated it too many times , though I have no working copy of the program . The software tells me to call Adobe customer support , but after keeping me in a computer loop for 10 minutes I learn the `` call center '' is closed , or there is simply no answer after 50 minutes.If I could return this software I would . It does not work . I ca n't return my copy , but you do n't have to buy a copy . Stick with 6.0 or the cheaper Scansoft program . Acrobat 7.0 does not work , and after a time Adobe wo n't let you use , even if you buy it , full price .
 One reason to like adobe was that they were n't Microsoft and they actually paid attention to their customers . Those days appear to be gone . Do n't want extra toolbars on an already crowded interface -LRB- not adobe - but Office -RRB- too bad , you get them anyway . I could try and track down the reason or method to remove them but that would take hours and I do n't have the time , They do n't make it easy and it ignores customization of the toolbar when you restart . It 's like spyware - and to accomplish this - it had to be a deliberate attempt to take over functions of my computer which I HATE ! I 'm a graphic designer so my opinion of Adobe is generally very high and I use their products a lot . This one is a dog though . Do n't waste your money on the upgrade , until they start listening to their customers again.This is not a worthwhile upgrade . The added functionality is not that much , it has n't solved any of the previous PDF version problems -LRB- e.g. having to save as an earlier version if the document will be distributed via the web to accomodate for earlier versions of Reader or Acrobat -RRB- . Skip this . If you are an original buyer and do n't need it for professional printing , do n't bother there are other less expensive PDF creators out there that work just as well without adding unwanted features to your interface . Go out to dinner -LRB- and you would be able to afford a nice one -RRB- with the difference .
 I use PDFs a lot and I must say that quite often I turn to Free PDF software to actually do the tasks that Acrobat fails to do . One area I have always had a problem with is the formatting of some documents in size and sometimes Acrobat simply fails to recognize them and so I switch to the Free PDF software which has no problems doing this and is easier to use.However if you are a pro PDF maker who wants to add sigs and links and notes and chapters and all the other function tags including security tags then I recommend this product hands down as the best one . I just find that it is not always the best PDF software package in the world , but a good one all the same.I would not recommend buying this one just to make standard PDF files alone . If you want to touch up those file then this is what you need to do that right .
 I assumed , incorrectly , that Adobe 's customer service would be professional and quick . I have called three times in the past two weeks and have had to wait , at a minimum , 23 MINUTES just to speak to someone.When I finally got my product , they sent the Mac verion rather than the PC version I purchased . I called again and waited approximately 30 MINUTES to get customer help . I had originally ordered the PC Standard version and asked to upgrade -LRB- and pay difference -RRB- for the Professional version -- since I still had n't received the PC version . Customer service stated that they would ONLY ship me the Standard version to replace the incorrectly shipped Mac Version and then I would have to wait for the Standard verison to arrive at which point I could call again , and ask to exchange for the Professional verion - INSANE !!! Adobe 's call center is easily the worst customer service I have dealt with -- and I 've dealt with some bad customer service .
 This will be my last Adobe software . Changed to a new laptop and deactivated and activated to my new new laptop . Now every time I start it needs reactivation . I have disabled outgoing internet access in my firewall from programs like Acrobat because Adobe 's habit of doing push marketing into their software . But that screws up the reactivation and you can not use the software . When I tried the phone automated reactivation , it refused the numbers that the program gave me to enter ! The customer service will want an e-mail address to send you a patch to `` fix '' the reactivation problem and they asked me for phone number as well!The choice for Adobe is simple , stop doing your push marketing into your software that I pay money to acquire and I will forgive your problems with reactivation . You can not have your cake and eat it too inconveniencing legitimate users of your software . Adobe has not learnt from Intuit obviously .
 Be warned
 After buying Adobe Acrobat Std 7 and installing it -LRB- tediously I might add -RRB- ; I proceeded happily for ~ 1 year . Then it quit working !! . . After opening a . pdf file it qould simply stop and terminate !! , no amount of searching gave me any clue , reinstalling severtal times gave me no differnt result . My advice . . save your money . Use Adobe 5 until they have fixed all their glitches ...
 I read that this was an excellent piece of software . I have been unable to get it to work.Each time I try to open it I get the following message
 I ordered this item based upon the advertisement shown on the first WEB page in AMAZON.COM . When I received it an put it on my iMAC , it did not work . I called the developer of the product and was told that it was not compatible with my recent version of iMAC OS X. I could no longer return the product since it was opened , so now I have a $ 122 paper weight . I complained to AMAZON and was directed to a WEB page three levels down from the first page that confirmed the product was not compatible with my iMAC MAC OS X 10.6 software , so they would and could do nothing for me . I am not happy , but the warning was there if I had dug deep enough . Still , I feel somewhat cheated by the way the product was advertised .
 Wow ... The guy at company support told me it only works on documents with less than 50 pages . That was after I scoured the web site for info . I sent it back unopened -LRB- so the star rating is for the deception on their site -RRB- . This is a bad company ... I use Adobe Professional instead .
 Does not work with OFFICE docs -- what a waste of time and money .
 Some questions always puzzle me :1 . How studpid a company needs to be to waste the time and money of their customers ? 2 . Do they know those buttons they 've created are useless and annoying ? Do they have feelings ? 3 . We just need a damn reader . Why do they make this huge monster ? 4 . $ 300 ?
 Do n't take my word for it that 's a quote from the title of a recent post excoriating this irritating and increasingly bloated product on Slashdot . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Be warned
 That 's right if you have fillable forms created in a previous version and expect to change them , your out of luck . I thought compatibility was the cornerstone of Acrobat.Our firm does over $ 300 Million worth of business a year . We thought that Acrobat Professional ability to create fillable forms that could be shared , updated , and filled out by clients was a blessing . We not have dozens of worthless forms . And then there 's the embarrassment when a client with Acrobat 7 ca n't fill out a form . THINK OF THE COST!Adobe 's site does n't even mention the issue -LRB- although , their site search and help system is so poor that it may be their somewhere - who knows . -RRB- At first , I thought I was doing something wrong . But , when I called support I was told that forms were not compatible . The service person then told me that she thought there might be a fix . However , without a service plan we 'd have to pay to talk to Technical Support . We paid good money for this software -LRB- we buy multiple licenses -RRB- and only had this version for two days.Considering the magnitude of this issue . I 'm guessing there are other major problems with this release of Acrobat . . Adobe should fire its entire staff of software developers and the arrogant managers who let this software hit the market without providing fully functional compatibility .
 The other reviewers are right -- Acrobat has gone to ridiculous extremes with their `` integration '' efforts , made far worse by the decision to make it effectively impossible to control the unwanted `` Acrobat Everywhere '' intrusion.Fortunately , I have found an extremely easy way to remedy the problem
 At first I was excited because the load time for 7.0 is considerably faster than 6.0 -LRB- Professional version -RRB- . But once I opened Office , what used to be an inconvenience now became a time-consuming and impossible morass
 I had up no now been an extremely satisfied user of Acrobat 5.0 . With added features and new bells and whistles , I was just as enthusiastic about purchasing Acrobat 7.0 Pro . End of exhiliaration . From the day that I have purchased the software , I have tried everything in my power to get the `` Convert Web Page to PDF '' function to work -LRB- running XP SP1 , IE6 SP1 -RRB- . User-to-User forums , local tech support , googled the web over , install uninstall reinstall the software at least 10 times . The strange thing is that I tested a version of AAP6 on my system and it worked no problem ! With AAP7 , i have become all too familiar with the `` faulting ntdll.dll '' error message with repeatedly crashes Acrobat without even a hint of guilt or compassion . Speaking of compassion ... Adobe voice support was brief and to the point
 I bought the upgrade to Acrobat Professional 7 + to replace my 6.0 Professional . All I got was `` program not responding '' messages when I tried to execute simple functions like scanning documents or opening documents to read , edit . I spend some time with an Adobe technician -LRB- nice people -RRB- who helped trouble shoot the installation . This required that I -LRB- on my own -RRB- start closing open programs one by one and rebooting . Finally Acrobat Prof. 7 . + worked ... for a while . A installed a simple program , Tunebite 's upgrade . Adobe 7 + Professional started freezing again . I gave up and uninstalled it and reinstalled crobat 6.0 professional , which is working fine as it always did . I do n't have hours and patience to work Acrobat 's Professional 7 + bugs.I ca n't send the software back , so I will take my losses and wait for another update or for version 8 , hoping that this one will work . If you have any comments you may contact me at :[ ... -RSB-
 I paid full retail price for Acrobat 7.0 based on my assumtion about Adobe 's reputation . What a huge mistake ! Acrobat 7 will take over your machine and spread its tentacles into nearly all of your applications . The arrogance of Adobe is truly amazing . I could n't make it work with Netscape , but I also could n't remove it and use Reader 6.0 either . It seems they know best how you want to use your computer , and they enforce their methods upon you . Good luck if you have any problems or questions
 This software is buggy . Check Adobe.com forums for numerous reports of `` drawing errors '' when opening some pdfs . A font incompatibility issue it seems . Older version -LRB- vers 5.0 -RRB- works just fine . Adobe are you listening ??
 Dragon Goodies refused to issue me an exchange or refund after selling me a visably and functionally damaged disc . To add insult to injury , they assured me that their quality control is infallable , so the fault must lie with me . I 've sold dosens of discs through Amazon . What would I do if someone wrote and told me the discs were unusable , or , even that he had changed his mind ? Apologize , issue a refund , and possibly ask for the discs to be returned . -LSB- -LSB- Adobe Acrobat 7.0 Standard -LSB- OLD VERSION -RSB- -RSB- -RSB- -RSB-
 I agree with all the negative comments made by other reviewers . I am surprised that the product got only 14 one star reviews so far . Here is another problem so far not mentioned by other reviewers . The product contains a nag screen that tells you your computers configuration has changed , even if it has not changed . It then prompts you to reactivate . You can reactivate 3 times . Once the 3 time are up , you have to call customer service . That is where the real nightmare starts . Endless holding , nasty customer service reps that treat you like you are trying to rip off there worthless software . If you can possibly avoid Adobe products alltogether , you will be much better off .
 After waiting on hold for an hour -LRB- and being routed to 3 different people -RRB- with Adobe , I was told that I 'd have to pay $ 40 for someone to allow me to register my Adobe Acrobat 6.0 . The good news is while on hold I did some research for a competing product and found Nitro PDF Pro for $ 89 . So for $ 49 more than having someone reset my account I upgraded to what is a superior product and got the Professional version to boot!The Nitro product is superior and at a fraction of the cost .
 The price tag is way too high for this , especially given the fact that about 90 % of the people looking to purchase this product do n't need the features allowed.Try googling `` PDFCreator open source , '' and consider the results before investing in this overpriced software .
 I upgraded to 7.0 pro because of the advertised AutoCad enhancements . What they failed to say is that it does not work for AutoCad LT. There is no advantage over 5.0 for my needs . A total waste of money for me .
 I actually did n't purchase this product , but my company did and I am getting the PDF Error 20225 no matter what we do . I have followed all of the steps to eradicate this error from the Adobe website to no avail . Now all I 'm stuck with is a high-priced reader . I wanted this product so that I could make end-user documentation using graphics . The demo product worked great but this version stinks to high heaven . I will be posting this on the Adobe website as well . They desperately need to get a fix for this and not 16 steps that do n't work .
 I 've been creating . pdf files since Acrobat 3 and the software has come a long way . That said , I found the following feature in the latest version to be extremely beneficial . PDFs are static , meaning uneditable . But you can set up a layer on the the . pdf to allow collaborators to add to the doc leaving the original untouched . This is a valable tool if you work in the legal field and have a document where there are many contributors to the work product . Ultimately you have the choice of integrating the collaborators work with the original assuming the day ever comes for the final version.Furthermore , if you work in the legal field in California the California Rule of Court 2056 -LRB- b -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- says that by 1 January , 2007 all docs that are filed electronically must allow for full text searching . This only applied to electronically filed docs however an exception allows you to submit scanned and copied docs . From what I 've seen . pdf 's have become state SOP - standard operating procedure - b/c . pdf is already the federal standard for submitted court docs b/c if you set the app to do so , every . pdf is already full text searchable.Finally , for those still using version 5 or earlier , realize that version 7 files are one-third to one-half the size of Acrobat 5 . pdf 's . NB
 Acrobat 5 was so buggy that I thought I 'd give Adobe a couple of product cycles before upgrading . Should have waited longer . There have been improvements in v7
 I ordered this as a download and had nothing but problems with it . First it would not install , and customer service could not help me . Then it froze up my computer until I could finally get it uninstalled . I would not recomend it to anyone !
 I got this as a present for my dad . It 's cheap and easy , but out of date . It only goes to Windows 98 . This was perfect for my dad seeing as he actually USES 98 . * shrug *
 I bought this and system machanic pro 6 . First I installed this and ran all the fix its . It took 5 hours to run though it all . Then the system was going so slow after doing all that I restarted and my antivirus which is trend micro no longer worked and needed reinstalled . I started getting blue screan after blue screen.SO I then put system machanic pro 6 on and it found several problems most of which system suite made . After system machinic fixed the problems system suite made it worked it worked much better and much faster.So I recomend system machanic over this .
 I would not buy it ! Hard to use . My machine runs slower since the install .
 LOOKED AT BUT NEVER DID PLACE AN ORDER FOR , THAT I CAN REMEMBER ????? LONG GONE 5 MORE WORD WORD WORD WORD WORD
 Am finally catching up on my reviews . I 'm surprised you can still buy this . Are n't they up toSystem Suite 9 Professional ? I got this for free after rebate . 3 user license.Unfortunately , this version required you `` activate '' it via the Internet . -LRB- It said that in the fine print on the box . -RRB- I can understand their reason , but 1 -RRB- I have some computers not on the net , 2 -RRB- I have most of my computers `` locked down '' so they do n't leak much out to the net and 3 -RRB- I do n't trust applications that phone home.So I never used the product . I have other , separate , mostly freeware utilities that do the same thing . I 'd be upset if I paid something for it .
 I agree with others who said it crashes the system . Overall , I found SS6 Pro had more problems than it was worth -- even if it were free , it 's not worth all the time and effort . Besides all the crashes , downloading the virus/spyware updates via dialup TAKES FOREVER ! Each download runs 1 to 1 1/2 hours . BE FOREWARNED.In the end , I returned my copy to VCom , though to date I have not yet received a refund .
 i was charged the full price of 49.95 with no $ 20 coupon inserted .
 After purchasing the program thinking it would perform a through check on my Presario running XP Home all I get is a message that SSP6 has unexpectedly quite . I emailed tech support w / the info , but so far no response after 10 days . There is no # to call for support . Maybe I overlooked something.Also , I submitted the rebate form which came on the package , but was told that the seller was not participating in the rebate program and I need to check w / them . I did and they said they shipped what VCOM had provided them , which included a rebate form if doing a competitive upgrade.Not very impressed w / either the software or the company . Would never buy another product from these guys , even when the price after rebate is 0 . LOF .
 I have owned eleven VCOM products and from now on , they do n't have my business . The product touts itself in part as a vital tool when/if your machine crashes . If it does , be prepared to shell out the cost for another complete program . You are told that the program is already installed on another machine and you ca n't run it-although this occurs after a lengthy and cumbersome installation process . Sadly , customer assistance is no help-emails are unanswered and you ca n't get through via phone ... What you do get from them once you register are constant emails about new products . Thanks , folks . Version 6.0 is also much slower than Version 5 . Support for 5.0 , by the way stopped abruptly when the new edition came out , despite the functionality of that program . For the price , the software should work like a major player , rather than a dollar bin special .
 Be advised , this Software is for a SINGLE USER , only licensed for one computer . I bought this for Home use after using SS % for 2 years and V-Com said it would no longer be supported of 03/06 . I installed it on 2 home computers , it worked fine for 4 weeks , then it popped up a Box on my second computer that I couls not use it because it was licensed on another computer , I needed to buy additional license for each computer . When I tried to use it on my Main computer , it popped up the same message . So now it will not work on either computer . I uninstalled it and sent it back . Just because it 's Cheap does not mean it 's any good .
 After owning SS5 , I was looking forward to 6 as a replacement for my attempt to use the very slow running McAfee security products . This version of SS simply failed to loaded it auto email and filescan functions , despite numerous suggestions from VCOM . I was forced to return it as defective and had to the pay the shipping myself . I was very disappointed in this product and will not buy another of their products again .
 This Deluxe version is not an improvement of the original . The Travel agency feature is too difficult for a 2-4 year old and any way it is constantly locking up and causing the computer to crash ! If you can get the original version , do it . The company should recall this product .
 I got this CD for my daughter when she turned 2 1/2 . Now she is three and still frustrated ! The instructions are hard to understand , most of the time the characters just stand there , expecting the child to guess what needs to be done next . The games are boring and discouraging . Do n't waste your money !
 I got JumpStart Preschool , because my son really enjoyed the Pooh Toddler game . Ugh!The JumpStart series is totally rewards based . How many Preschoolers do you know who need a reward for playing a computer game ? At this age , the fun of exploring and learning are motivation enough to keep the child interested in the game . The `` rewards '' detract from the experience , focusing the child on `` earning '' another train ride , rather than on the task they are trying to master.The game also discourages creativity , with rigid requirements to earn each `` train ticket . `` This one is definitely not a keeper !
 I thought after having a fantastic experience with Leapfrog 's Talking Letters Factory et al. videos , that the kids would really benefit from a progressive learning system on the computer . But , nobody in the software industry has really figured out how to do that , yet . They 're always presenting multiple choice questions which of course lets the kids hack at every answer until the right one gets them to another brief poorly produced game . -- Usually a thinly veiled Tetrus , or wack a mole . -- Instead of the usual items to attack , you attack letters . If that had educational value it would be great but it has zero educational value . It 's stupid and useless.It does n't have to be like this . They could have consulted a teacher or something . They could have tested it on a normal boy to see how they 'd punk the system . So , it 's off to Kumon if you want to have serious help , or you can teach your kids yourself.That being said , I think there is a real opportunity for a great piece of progressive learning software to become a huge seller . Parents want it , kids want it , teachers want it . It just requires an entrepreneur with normal kids , who has spent a ton of time trying to teach them , and has tried out a few of these lame efforts like JumpStart . I think that individual entrepreneur would stand a good chance of seeing what the kids need , and would not produce something that kids ca n't hack through without learning a thing.Additionally , too many of these educational games were built for Win 3x . They are el lame-o on Vista , Win7 , etc. . Maybe they work on XP ? At any rate , these are n't real Redmond/Silicon Valley/128 types.Ned
 Rather than approach learning as an enjoyable experience , this cd presents a structured environment that screams of lessons not games . This cd is successful however , in presenting a balance between pressure , judgement and success vs. failure . Additionally , the skill level is more for preschoolers . Edmark Millie and Bailey Kindergarten is a much better route to take for your childs enjoyment .
 I bought this product about one year ago . I was not able to use it in either of my computers . They both use Vista Windows and I was not ale to download it . I contacted Britannica 's customer service by telephone and they promised to send a replacement product , which they never did .
 If I could give this 0 stars , I would!This product has NEVER worked in any of the 3 new computers I own , and when I emailed the seller MULTIPLE times , I never received an email back.I would n't refer this to anyone !
 It states quick and easy too use NOT TRUE . Very time consuming and nerve wrecking to enter problems , unless you are needing help with BASIC algebra only ! What 's the point ? I have both CD & both basically does the same . Not helpful for college math .
 This review refers to the PC versionPros :1 . Great fun to work with Poser .2 . Nice renderings .3 . Neat new features including taking advantage of your graphics card.Cons :1 . Animations take much longer than Poser 5 . They take so long that you really ca n't consider making a film with this program unless you have a super computer .2 . New company name and attitude , Curiouslabs is longer the company that supports Poser . EFRONTIERS no longer has a phone number that you can reach them at except for sales .3 . They have refused to fix a problem with Poser 5 that prevents it from running on Windows XP with Service Pack 2.4 . They had a lag time of over a week responding to an email .5 . Poser 6 feels like it was designed by 6 different people . What I mean by that is each area of the program requires a different approach to master it .6 . Since they finally wrote back to me I 'd give them 3 stars but this program wo n't let me .7 . Also watch out for their `` Content Paradise '' . The site does n't work more than it does . I was recently charged twice for an $ 15 item . I wrote to them over two weeks ago and still have n't heard a thing .
 ... buy it here and save $ s!Shipping cost from the UK added $ 46.95 to the price AND a Foreign Debit Card Transaction fee of $ 2.51 for a waste of $ 49.46 that could have been spent getting additional models.Or get the download version and save even more as like someone else pointed out , the included manual is near useless and has not improved since version 4 . Practical Poser 6 is still the best book to get if you are serious about doing Poser 6 development .
 This program is not at all what we were lead to believe it was . We comparison shopped & tried a demo version . When that actual program came , everything we had learned on the demo was basically worthless . I agree with those who said that the manual is useless . It seems to send you from page to page without ever really giving you the information you are seeking . We also had problems getting answers from Curious Labs as we attempted to use this software.Our teenage daughter did enjoy the process of creating her own characters , but that was the only positive experience had by anyone in this house . Overall , our attempts at using this program were frustrating & unless you have a lot of background with this type of software -LRB- or you have nothing better to do for the next several months -RRB- I would n't recommend it .
 I received the bundle but there is no installation key for Shade LE.I noticed the someone else 's review stating this same problem is no longer visible so I figured I 'd post it again .
 this product is extremely difficult to learn . I recently purchased two more expensive manuals ro learn the process and also the tutorials the company has are beyond the average users learning .
 The product makers describe this as an interactive calculus tutorial - which it flat out is n't . It 's a homework problem solver . The difference between the product description and what was actually in the package is amazing . I wasted close to sixty bucks on this product . Do n't do the same !!!!
 Recommending this product would be like , recommending some one to waste their hard earned money on buying something totally useless . This product only reaffirms the well known basics any calculus student can understand . The hard unknown problems are not listed at all . I wo n't recommend this product to anyone . I made the mistake of buying this product and you should n't DO IT . Not only is this software incomprehensive , it has some hidden features which require extra payment . For ex . if I want an integration , not only will it give me the wrong answer but it also require extra payment for me to integrate questions . The problems listed are example problems in the beginning of any calculus section . What the examples lack is sometimes too little explanation . Perhaps the pictures are n't illustrative enough . Who knows ? Maybe you need more examples . Maybe you just want the software to basically solve hardest known problems in the book . But this software will only show you what you already can find out in any text book . After all that , you would atleast expect the product functions properly . NOPE ! It crashes the computer and my system requirements are more than adequate . If you ever get a chance to look at some videos made by California Institute of Technology on Trig , Calc Physics , and Calculus . They are a great source of help . If anyone has trouble with Calculus with Business Majors , take Calculus for Dummies . If anyone has trouble with Calculus as Engineer Majors , I suggest you ask a teacher for help or hire a tutor . There is no adequate resource for engineers on Calculus except the textbook which is written in GREEK . Doing simple problems is OK ! The problem arises when there are difficult problems something past question number # 30 Application problems . There needs to be resource that adequately explains hard problems in a comprehensive manner . I wish there was a product that could comprehensively explains Calculus Projects practically . But this software IS N'T ONE OF THEM ! Do n't tell me I did n't warn you to stay away from this product !
 First of all , it is n't a Mathematica package ; it 's a crippled version of Mathematica plus content organized as help files . If you 're not a Mathematica user and do n't intend to be , this will be a puzzling combination for you . If you ARE a Mathematica user , you 'll be frustrated that you ca n't import the content and evaluate it in Mathematica ; nor can you work in the Explorer , with standard functions and packages you 're used to . Inevitably you 'll want to EXPLORE something that these limitations makes impossible . Do n't waste your money .
 Tried installing and using on Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition . I could not get it to launch . Forget it , does not work .
 Seller was great and refunded my money ; he was really nice.Do not buy a used GPO tho ; you will not be able to register it unless the original owner can unregister it first . Native instruments registration support is the worst . The person I talked to was a rare parrot teacher .
 Normally I do n't review this way , but because so many people are venturing into the wonderful world of the Ipod I thought I give the heads-up . I ca n't get this program to run on my Mac . Yes , I have the right system requirements , and I promise I 'm not a total moron who forgot to turn the computer on or something . Also , being a woman , I did read the instructions . No dice . I tried it on another one of my Macs , nothing . So either some copies of the program are flawed , or it is me , in which case beginners beware because I am not a beginner and the only way I 'm getting a crunch out of this program is if I eat it .
 I was excited about getting and reviewing this product , because I had recently bought an iPhone and wanted a good way to load movies on it . I already been using an earlier version of another Roxio product , Popcorn.So , let 's say you 're the average person who has a iPod or iPhone and wants to take those DVDs you have in your library and view them on your handheld wonder . Roxio Crunch does that , right ? Wrong . The legality of taking a DVD movie you own and making a digital copy for your own personal use is still in a legal gray area , so companies like Roxio wo n't touch it , so actually Crunch ca n't make copies of any standard copyrighted , copyprotected DVD you buy in a store . Out of the box it 's only good for home-movie DVDs you 've made yourself . Now , if you can find another program that will copy the DVD onto your computer -LRB- into what is known as a video-ts folder -RRB- , then Crunch will help . Or it was supposed to . I had trouble using it to convert a video ts folder I already had on my computer , and when I emailed their help desk they refused to help me once they learned that the video ts folder was of a copyrighted product . I tried converting another file and it converted , but the video and audio did n't properly sync . And it gets worse . Crunch is getting heavily promoted , but it is essentially just a stripped down version of Roxio 's flagship product Popcorn 3 , which is a much more powerful program for only ten bucks more.So what did I end up doing ? I 'm using HandBrake , a downloadable program that performs beautifully , has more options than Crunch , and will work on most copyrighted DVDs to boot . And , oh , it 's free .
 I will admit it , I am a techno-virgin . I know very little about the mystical world of movie software , converting movies to files , editing movies , etc.Now , where I am experienced is in the theater . I love movies and own a voluminous collection of DVDs . You can imagine my excitement , my titillation at the prospect of adding my movies to my iPod . All my favorites on one handy , portable device ? Tell me you are not just teasing ... Unfortunately , Roxio Crunch was just that ... a tease . A let-down . The program was easy to install -LRB- though I found it agonizing and irritating that I had to reboot my computer , since I wanted to get to it -RRB- . The directions were clear and easy to follow.What was a bummer was that none of the movies I tried to `` crunch '' worked . Casino Royale , Bourne Identity , Emma , Immortal Beloved ... none of them would crunch . Not a one.I have since read that this program works for home movies . Now , I love my family , but I do n't want to watch home movies when I am on the treadmill or waiting in the dentist office . I wanted to see mass-market films.Big disappointment.I thought perhaps I did something wrong , but I see from other reviews that I am not the only one to have experienced the let-down . Sorry , Roxio , no post play glow here ...
 The front of the box states this is `` The Essential Video Converter . '' The first sentence on the back says `` Roxy Crunch helps you easily convert your DVDs , movies and TV shows ... `` Ha ! I was really excited to get this product . In my work , I often have to study cartoons and movies , and being able to store them on my Mac would really save me time . Installing this software was easy , and it was easy to learn how to use . But then ... it would n't convert ANY of my DVDs . Yes , it does say it wo n't convert copy-protected material , but that information is in small print on the bottom of the box.I finally found a DVD it would convert , a promotional freebie . However , just one 30-minute segment took over an hour to convert ! Not exactly SAVING me time!For what it 's worth , I have a dual processor G5 with 2G of memory .
 I used this item a few times ; however , it did n't function the way I hoped it would . I have since used other more funcional and professional items that I like .
 This product is too slow to run on a normal PC with Windows XP . The processor usage goes to 100 % or the PC crashes . I have tried several PCs with lots of memory and with no other applications running . But ... still the PC crashes . I contacted Roxio tech-support . They opened a trouble ticket but then closed it without resolving the issue . Further communications to Roxio have resulted in no replies . So ... do not buy this application . Go to WinX DVD and evaluate their solutions . These solutions are more reasonably priced and in fact deliver the promised features . The definition of quality is ... it does what it is supposed to do . Roxio Crunch does not do ... what it is supposed to do .
 I normally read reviews before purchasing a new product . In this case Crunch was new through Vine , so I decided to try it out . After I started Crunch I thought I had accidentally started Roxio 's Popcorn 2 . It 's just about the same . There are some small differences in terms of the conversion formats , but for all intents and purposes Crunch is essentially no different from Popcorn 2 . The main question is why would one buy Crunch when iTunes does most of the same conversions for free . QuickTime Pro -LRB- though not free , but still less expensive than Crunch at $ 29.99 -RRB- also does the same conversions . In fact QuickTime Pro did a better job in one important area , namely converting portrait videos . I often shoot videos with my digital camera turned to the side . When Crunch converts these videos it ` scrunches ' or squeezes the video to make it fit on the screen . Imagine one of those fun house mirrors that make everyone seem short and fat . Perhaps there is a setting to fix this . If there is I could n't find it . Quicktime Pro makes the correct conversion.Perhaps the only nice feature is the ability to convert a batch of videos . However I do n't think I ever convert numerous videos at once.I would pass on Crunch unless you find some particular feature that you absolutely need that you can not find on iTunes or QuickTime Pro .
 It 's been a long time since I 've purchased any thing from Roxio -LRB- owned by Sonic Solutions -RRB- due to bloatware concerns.Upon recommendation from a former Roxio employee that the Mac version of their stuff is halfway decent , I thought I 'd give this a try.First of all , this is a simple product -- install -- no options given . Plug in some DVDs -- and oh , that 's right -- because commercial DVDs are encrypted by our friends at the movie studios , we ca n't rip directly from this program . This leaves basically personal DVDs that are n't encrypted -- which most of the time , we have the original video source for anyway which provides a better and faster copy.I 've got an iPhone -- and in the past I 've bought Quicktime Pro -- which is supposed to help out . Nevertheless , Quicktime Pro is not user friendly , so I 've dealt with Handbrake -- a free option for Macs that does DVD ripping from commercial DVDs and puts them on an iTunes/iPod/iPhone happy size.Video from the software looks fine once converted and it 's easy to use , but really do n't see the need for it . Lots of nice options for configuring video size and quality , so I 'll likely play around and do more comparisons at a later time .
 I got this product from Amazon Vine to review . First let 's say what this software WO N'T do . It wo n't backup or copy commercially made DVD movies . Of course the MPAA says that 's illegal . SO , that said , Crunch will convert and compress your AVI , MPEG files , and Video TS folders ... The problem is it only works for a few playback devices such as Apple TV , Video iPod and iPhone . Would it have hurt ROXIO to include a good full screen AVI or DIVX file format?The conversion I did of a full length movie was pretty badly compressed . I used the `` AUTO '' compression setting and to say it sucked during playback would be an understatement . The file was supposed to be for AppleTV , which I do n't own . But playback on my Intel iMac was poor quality.I have to say here that watching a movie on a tiny iPod or iPhone screen has little appeal for me . I 'd rather have a good compressed file I can keep on my hard drive and playback while travelling . If you 're a movie fan at all , the new playback devices seem like a real step backwards in technology.Roxio has done a credible job for the `` Pod People '' to watch movies on tiny LCD screens and AppleTV . But if you do n't have one of those devices just get Roxio Toast and you can make real DVDs that play on any settop box or computer . Do n't bother with Crunch unless you enjoy watching movies on your iPod or iPhone .
 I have to add my agreement to the other reviewers that this product does n't do the one thing I wanted - convert a DVD for an iPod . I 'm guessing it is an issue of copyright , but if I own the DVD why ca n't I watch it on my iPod ? Plus , it is extremely limited in what products it is designed to work with.People who make home movies or personal films may find value in this software for converting those for the iPod , or uploading to youtube , but otherwise it is a complete waste . Other software programs do more for the same or less cost . It appears Roxio was so concerned with not stepping on copyright toes , they did n't bother giving consumers a useful product . Though I do not recommend Crunch , the new Roxio Creator Suite 10 is an excellent product for managing and manipulating multimedia .
 Installation was uneventful . I selected the first DVD in the `` Area 88 '' set
 I hate having to reboot my pc after installing a program , and this requires it . I could n't convert any of my DVD 's , and the only thing that would work were self-made movies of the dogs chasing a laser pointer . That tiny movie took what seemed like forever to convert , and made the computer run pretty slow ... I really do n't think this is a good program unless your sole purpose is to watch your home movies on your iPod ... so unless you have really precious pets/kids or like to video practical jokes and such , I really do n't think it 's a good buy .
 It is indeed unfortunate that this company , which is known for its reliable software , would put out a product that is not an improvement of the video converter programs that already exist . Unlike some other users , I did not have any techincal problems converting various types of files . However , like everyone else , I did experience excrutiatingly slow conversion of files ; much longer than the videos themselves . Moreover , I thought the user interface was not very intuitive and did not allow the user much in the way of customization . Look into dvdclonemobile or other programs mentioned in the other reviews . This company needs to demonstrate in a revised version why this program is necessary .
 I had high hopes for Roxio Crunch . I hoped it would be a one-stop video conversion program -LRB- I have a video iPod and I like to put Bittorrent videos on it so I can watch them on my TV , as well as online videos and my DVDs for mobile viewing -RRB- . Here are the file formats/disc formats I tried converting with Crunch , and the results.DIVX
 As far as paid products for compressing and ripping this just is n't up to snuff . It does n't give you any idea on progress . There is a bar at the bottom when you are ripping something - but how long it will take is never known . There are free softwares that do a much better job of this . It is easy to install . Easy to understand . But does n't do movies or music that is protected -LRB- which is like 99.9 % of all movies -RRB- . I would n't spend the money to buy this software , I 'd download something for free .
 UPDATE!I have found a very important use for Roxio Crunch . It allows me to convert my Flip Videos to a format for Itunes . This may not sound like much , but without Roxio Crunch I would be up-a-creek . It also allows me to convert home-made dvds -LRB- such as our wedding video -RRB- into a format that allows play on a Ipod.As for converting commercial DVDs - you can download Handbrake for free - but Roxio Crunch will work as a converting tool when you need to get something into the correct format . 4 stars -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I was VERY excited to receive this product . I have been looking for a convenient way to convert my DVD collection into Itunes . Well - apparently I will need to keep on looking.I have tried two seperate DVDs -LRB- `` The Office : Season 2 '' and an episode of `` The Twilight Zone '' -RRB- and apparently both are encrypted ... . and Crunch will not convert or support any encrypted product . I am disappointed , but there are other programs on the internet that will allow you to do this . So what is the value in `` Crunch '' ? I am assuming that if you have a large collection of home movies on DVD you will be able to convert them for viewing on Apple TV or your Video Ipod ... and I guess there may be some un-encrypted DVDs for sale -LRB- although I selected a `` Twilight Zone '' DVD because I thought that it was the least likely thing that I owned that would be encrypted . -RRB- Pros -- A means to transfer home movies or other personal media to a format that be viewed on Apple TV or your Video Iphone . - Easy to load onto my computerCons -- 98 % of what most people want ripped/converted is encrypted and therefore this software is useless to use on them.Final verdict - unless your goal is to convert home movies or other types of un-encrypted media then you will probably be severely disappointed .
 I felt like an idiot the moment I installed this on my computer ready to load my movies to my computer , then to my ipod . I should have read the fine print
 Maybe if you are a computer techie you can get this to work . I could n't . It would n't recognize any of my DVD 's that I tried . It is not user friendly . There is no instructions and the help menu is terrible ; no help there .
 What is it about media converters ? No one can make a stable , fast one-click converter . I had my hopes up about Roxio , because I 've used some of their software in the past , and it was decent . So I 'll give it 1 star for Roxio the brand , and easy installation/un-installation . However , as other reviewers noted , the rest of it stinks . It 's an absolute system hog , even though I 'm running a 3.4 Ghz computer with 4 gigs of RAM.And then mid way through , my computer locked up and I had to reboot . Well , time for the uninstall.I would n't touch this with a ten foot stick , even if you gave me the stick .
 I was really looking forward to this product . I 'd heard that it was possible to save your DVDs in a format that would make them transferable to ipods . Great idea , how can I do that ? This product looked to fit the bill exactly . Well , it 's not very difficult to install , but that is about the only good thing about this product . I tried to transfer several commercial DVDs and none of them worked . When I pulled them up , there was an icon with a lock on it -- no explanation , but after a while it became clear that commercial DVDs wo n't transfer . So , after all that , I 'm still looking for the product that will help me transfer DVD movies to my ipod . Maybe this is something the movie industry wo n't let me do , but I warn anyone who is thinking of buying this product to consider what they will use it for . If you want to transfer your own movies , that 'll probably work , but if you want to run out and buy Knocked Up so you can watch it on your ipod during your commute to work , this wo n't help you .
 I 'm confused . When I saw the description for this product , I thought I could convert my DVD library to digital format and watch it on my iPod.NOT!I already have a product that can do that , actually . It 's called AoA DVD Ripper . Works great.CONS : Took a long time to install on my Windows XP SP2 PCNo documentation . Took me quite a while to figure out what the `` lock '' icon over the DVD meant . It means , `` You ca n't copy this DVD . `` What possible use is this product?PROS : It 's a 1.0 product . Maybe it 'll get better.In summary , if you -LRB- like me -RRB- saw `` DVD Conversion '' and thought `` DVD Ripping , '' think again . Crunch does not do that -LRB- and if you hunt around long enough , you 'll find this explained somewhere in the fine print . -RRB- I ca n't wait to read a review from someone describing how they found value in this software .
 I 'm updating my review , because I have used it to convert a few more of the family movies and I will say that while slow , it did do the job . I just want to make it clear that this should only be used to make video files you created smaller . And if you created the video files in the first place , the tool you used should be able to do that for you , so I 'm not sure you truly need a tool like Crunch . ================================== The misleading description was actually a real issue for me . I do understand the concept of copy protection , but I was also going by the description given to the product . If you do not own an iPod that can display video , this is not a useful tool . My understanding from the description of the product was that I 'd be able to `` convert your movies and shows '' but when they say `` your movie '' they do n't mean DVDs that you purchased but would like to watch on your iPod.I wanted this product to put a couple of kids movies on my husband 's iPhone so my son could watch them on long car rides , but you ca n't use it to crunch copy protected -LRB- i.e. store bought -RRB- DVDs . I guess I do n't understand how my paying retail price for a DVD does n't allow me to put the movie onto my iPod . To be clear , I do n't blame Roxio for this problem , but I do blame them for not being clearer about the limitations in the description.The interface was easy to use , and it did work well on a movie I 'd shot with my own video camera -LRB- AVI -RRB- , but that was just not what I 'd hoped to use it for , as I have very little need to watch those videos on my iPod .
 Installation proceeded uneventfully , requiring no more time than expected , although it did require a reboot , which I found a little surprising for this sort of application . The interface , while a little confusing to start with , did not take much time to figure out
 UPDATE
 then perhaps I would n't be so disappointed ! Roxio product description is pretty misleading , as I ca n't convert any of my movies to play on my ipod . What a waste .
 Roxio Crunch Win/Macworks , as far as converting video to an iPod formate -- however , it can NOT rip DVDs that have copy protection , which most movie DVDs have . You will not be able to transfer your movies from DVD to your iPod.I was very disappointed that Roxio did not make this clear in their product description .
 I was disappointed with Roxio Crunch compressor/recompressor for iPod , iPhone , and AppleTV . It was n't what I expected . It does several things that annoy me . -LRB- 1 -RRB- It does n't compress dvds for personal use . This is a legal problem , not Roxio 's . I use Handbrake . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It does n't compress homemade movies with music bought from iTunes . The error message says use an Apple product . This is really frustrating . -LRB- 3 -RRB- While it has some simple options for recompressing such as `` automatic '' , `` high '' , and `` fastest '' quality , I do n't like the outcome . I found the `` high '' and `` automatic '' quality to be quite poor . The `` fastest '' quality is better , surprisingly . Not just a little better but a lot . Why is `` fastest '' better than `` high '' quality ? I dunno . It does not seem intuitive . -LRB- 4 -RRB- I use `` custom '' quality . For custom quality , the options become quite complicated . Fortunately , I have a background in compression , so I am able to understand most of the options . I would recommend that you have a decent background , too , if you want to buy/use this product . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Roxio Crunch is a derivative product of Roxio Popcorn . I know this because when I get errors , the error messages are written for Popcorn and mention Popcorn by name , not Crunch . So it 's confused . -LRB- 6 -RRB- I was going to recommend Popcorn , but I noticed that it is getting panned , too.The product does have some merit . I have recompressed video avi files from my Canon camera into iPod videos . I liked that.I have a iMac running Leopard , Mac OS X 10.5 . If you are not using the same system , your experience could be different.I wish I had n't bought this product . I would recommend Handbrake -LRB- which is a free download that generally works better -RRB- . If you are still interested in Roxio Crunch , I would buy it on Amazon as it does seem to be selling for a good price -LRB- currently , $ 33 and change -RRB- . I bought the product at an Apple store for $ 50 the other week.Good luck .
 This is a terrible collection . Bought it and could n't actually get to the images . I am a Photoshop user and have some experience with image manipulation etc. and am a long time Mac user . Contacted technical support via e-mail and they told me they could n't help me . This collection was created by a PC person and adapted to Mac . Do n't buy it . Save your money and buy a good Mac collection . Returned Clip Art 2.5 Million and only got back 15 of the dollars that it cost me in the first place .
 This is a bundle of junk . Unless I installed it wrong -LRB- and my husband and I are not computer/software idiots -RRB- there is no user interface . I could n't even find the free subscription for a year to clipart.com . What a bundle of crap . Buyer beware , the only good side of this is that it was only $ 30 . But I could have bought my children some Amazon.com books with that $ 30 . By the way , I have Windows XP . And what really sucks is that I had to give it one star . It deserves a ZERO RATING .
 I purchased this software with the understanding that I would have available 2.5 million images . There were no insrtuctions on how to install it . I contacted tech support who informed me how to install the part of the software that would accept the images on my Macintosh , but did not know how to import the images from the cd 's to my computer . It is without doubt the worst software program I have ever purchased and IMSI can not inform you how to use it . AVOID at all costs it is worthless .
 I 'm so glad to see so many people who are disappointed in the product . I hate it . I thought I was doing something wrong until I read all the review thru Amazon . What really makes me angry is I paid $ 39.99 . Luckally the disc 's make nice coasters .
 How can Amazon claim immediate shipping when I have been waiting 2 weeks ?
 This software sounded like the answer to a prayer . 2.5 million cliparts should cover everything . Forget it . The box came with 3 cd 's , no catalog or instructions . The installation disc corrupted the My Computer file on my computer . The other 2 discs had a list of wav files and some buttons on them . I called Nova for help and the tech tried to install the program with me but to no avail . The comment was that it is a new program . He finally got me into the web site with clipart that you get free with this program . What they do n't tell you is that most of the clipart is online on this site and after a year you will have to pay $ 100 to continue your subscription . Needless to say I restored my computer back to before I used this program , boxed it up and returned it to Amazon . Amazon stood behind the purchase as always and gave great service . My advice -- look for another program .
 I am a Macintosh fan and try not to have any Microsoft products on my computer , including Microsoft Word . So , I was dismayed when the instructions for this clip-art collection were in Microsoft Word . As far as I know , there are no other instructions on the web or anywhere else , and this company would not tell me over the phone how to use the software -LRB- unless I wanted to pay $ 10 extra . -RRB- I have fiddled with this program and as far as I can see , there are only about 100 images that are high quality . -LRB- Maybe there are more , but I have not been able to figure it out . -RRB- Even though this program only cost $ 30 , I have not been able to come up with any images that are usable , and have not been able to come up with a complete set of instructions . I feel like I have been ripped off !
 I have to say this product does not deserve any stars . The only thing that 's true on the items box is the fact that there are 3 CD 's inside . I was very disappointed with this software . When I seen this software in the store my first thought was that I should not buy it . I guess that 's why some people say go with your first thought . I wish I had . After hearing about the customer service for this product , I did not bother to even call them to ask them where the other images were . . such as the high resolultion photos and the fonts . But oh , well you live and you learn .
 I had read bad reviews about the clip art in the earlier ClipArt & More ; 2.5 . But I went ahead and bought ClipArt & More ; 3.5 it because I could afford it . Having used it , I have to agree the reviewers for ClipArt & More ; 2.5 . The clip art is not that great , the search is difficult , and downloading is a chore.If you do n't have big demands , then this might work . But if you 're trying to do something serious , this product might not be your best bet.Yet that is not my big problem with this product . My big problem is that I do not know what I bought . First off there is very little clip art on the CD that comes with it , certainly not 3.5 million . So when my one year subscription runs out for ###.com , do I still get access to the 3.5 million clip art ? Also , when I log on to ###.com it says there are 6.2 millions with no mention that I 'm getting restricted access . So am I getting 3.5 million or 6.2 million.But all that said , when I log on to ###.com I ca n't tell there 's that much stuff on it . I question their claim to have millions of clip art on that website .
 Why would you have a writing program with no word count ? Buy another program this one stinks !
 I 'm an old amateur writer . I thought I wanted to write a novel . But when starting it , after awhile , I realized that most of what the software does , I could do on Word . I decided not to waste my senior years on a book and then not sell it.It 's more fun and productive to try and produce short stories , articles and poems that magazines are willing to publish . The same thing can be done with or without the software ; it just takes will power and structure , with persistence . The screen on the software I did not like . It was small and the words would cut off at the end , in other words the screen is too small . Yet I 've read where some writers love it . So when I decide to sell it , I will , for half price . My wife bought it for me , so I have to have a time frame here before I try to sell it .
 Please note . When you enter your notes on your characters , plot ideas , etc. you are housing your creative ideas on their server . Why is this not on my own computer ? I 'm afraid they are stealing our ideas to make a story of their own . You have to be hooked up to the internet to even write your novel . This is not ok .
 I bought this software -LRB- two days ago -RRB- from the product website as a download + CD . There was a 28-day money-back guarantee . I only used the program for 1 day.After spending much time entering data , I was ready to begin plugging my already written manuscript into the software . As I began the edit process , I realized the program is nothing but organizational software . If I had only had bits and pieces of my novel scribbled on note pads , perhaps I would have appreciated the software more than I did.I was shocked that the word processor did not have word count or spell check features . The name generator formulated some strange suggestions . It also underlines contractions , within dialogue , as though they are errors.Customer Support : First of all , I did not receive a confirmation e-mail following the purchase . I checked my bank and the transaction showed up in my account . When I visited the product website , there was no web form available to contact customer service . I decided to surf over to the software manufacturer 's website . I sent a message letting them know a form was not available on the product site and that I desired a refund . Then I went back to the NewNovelist site and used their tech support web form to request a refund and ask that they not send the CD . First thing this morning , I got an friendly e-mailed message confirming the refund .
 It claims a lot but really is nothing more than the same thing I do in MS Word . It 's not intuitive at all . It actually takes more time to figure out than save you time . No tabs , no spell check , etc. . The refund policy is hard to find . I looked . I threw it into the garbage . I just wanted it to organize my characters and it barely could do that but with longer printing that I do with MS Word . Junk software .
 I bought the first version , which is basically an organizer , as other reviewers have said . I liked it for my purposes and was quick to buy the updated version when it was released . The problem with the newer version is that it refused to save any new entries I made . With neither of them did I figure out how to transfer text to my MS Word documents . I e-mailed the manufacturer with the problem and was told that it mysteriously did that with some computers and there was no way to fix it . They refunded my money promptly , and that was the best part of my experience with this software . I do not recommend it .
 Bought it and was never able to use it . It did n't work on my version of Vista . At all , or it crashes at best . I wrote to support and they never got back to me . No offers of money back guarantee no anything . Just a loss.They are not serious . I do n't know if the software is any good cause I have n't got the chance . But my case with the company , is n't .
 I agree with the other review who gave it 2 stars . text editor is worthless . No spell check . No word count . whats the point
 This program is really good for organizing your thoughts . If that was all I wanted to use it for I would have given it 5 stars . However , there are some vast deficiencies . The biggest problem in my opinion is with the text editor . There is no spell check , you cant tab to begin new paragraphs , you ca n't change your font or write anything in bold , italics , or underline , cant set margins , cant indent , etc. . Basically the text editor is non existant . Its a shell and thats all.Aside from that I feel like it doesnt really fit for all kinds of writing . The descriptions in the story creation part are vague . They say that they are like that to give you room for imagination . But the problem is that they are so vague its almost as if it told you nothing at all . They kind of dont make any sense.It seems to only offer one view point to a story . Their process is stuck on Hero vs. Antagonist . There is no story line for two heroes or two antognists . Plus the antagonist is assumed to be bad when not all books have a bad character in that sense . For example , this doesnt really work for romances.I found that as I wrote and then moved on to the next stage , that stage turned out to be what I thought I was already writing , or that I wasnt sure what stage what I wrote belonged in . I ended up abandoning that part of the program all together and went back to using MS Word . Now I just use it as a place to store ideas and organize my characters.Their website says you can get a full refund if you arent satisfied but they offer no phone number or email address to do that and the support people dont write back . I started trying to get my money back over a week before the time ran out and no one contacted me . Now its past the date and I 'm stuck with a program that doesnt quite do all it boasts.In my opinion its not worth the money .
 newnovelist is n't worth anywhere near fifty dollars . The story types/categories are extremely limiting and do n't even come close to portraying the full range of possible genres that a novel can fall into . Once you finish the `` wizard '' -LRB- which is where you title your story and choose a category -RRB- the program is n't interactive at all . There are no prompts and the help is vague and does n't cover more than the most basic principles of how a novel is structured . You learn more about writing a novel by reading good books than you do from newnovelist 's help sections . There 's no text/grammar editor . There 's not even a spellcheck . The one saving grace is that it does allow you to take extremely detailed notes about every possible element of your novel , and to access them conviently while you 're writing . However , it does n't offer any help in creating a timeline or outline for your story , so there 's no real way to bring those notes together . All it has is a universal notes section where you can write your own timeline without any help from the program . It 's slightly more convienient than keeping your notes in Windows Notepad and having it minimized while you work , but outside of it 's organizational properties , it does virtually nothing . Microsoft Office 2000 offers more in depth and useful advice about writing structure and style than newnovelist does . Because I already have it , I 'll keep it just because it DOES help me with my notes , but given the choice again , I would n't buy it.EDIT
 This software `` New Novelist '' is not at all practical for anyone who is trying to write . It also does not run well with Vista . I definitely would not recommend it to anyone . What it mainly lacks is the ability to see and put all the information you entered together . It 's more like hide and seek or out of sight , out of mind . I tried to print what I wrote so I could peice it together on paper but it did n't have the ability to conform to my needs . Sorry ! Just not realistic.L Laverriere , Amazon customer
 Do not bother to buy this product if you are running Windows Vista , especially on a new PC with a 64 bit operating system . I emailed the company prior to purchase to make sure it would run on my PC . They would not say whether or not it would work on my PC or not , just that if it did not , they offer a money-back guarantee.How could I lose , right ? Where is my money ? The money-back guarantee turned out to be only as good as their word , which was worthless . I am now out $ 60 for software I can not use . All I can do now is warn other potential buyers to stay away from this product .
 If you 're running Vista and you purchase newnovelist 2.0 , be prepared for the window `` NewNovelist 2.0 has stopped working '' and `` please wait while windows searches for a solution to this problem '' to pop up.You click ok , and then another window pops up `` A problem caused the program to stop working correctly . Windows will close the program and notifty you if a solution is available . '' The software absolutely will not run.I have been using windows based computers since 1990 , I uninstalled and reinstalled the software correctly , same result . I checked the FAQ 's on Newnovelist 's website , and my user account control was turned on , as specified in their FAQ . I am an experienced computer user , this should not occur with software that is truly compatible with Vista.It notes on the box `` Vista Compliant '' . I 'm guessing that 's marketing-speak for `` not really compatible , but something close . `` I then sent them an email explaining this problem . And now I 'm just waiting.I 'll let you know if I receive a satisfactory answer or a solution to the program not functioning on a Vista computer , but if you are running Vista , I would not recommend you purchase this software .
 I love OS X but what do you buy a server for ? ... to centralize tasks such as web hosting and databases . This article : http://www.anandtech.com/mac/showdoc.aspx?i=2520points out how OS X is horribly crippled to handle such server tasks when compared to Linux running on a G5 or an AMD chip . The article is very fair and every effort was made to figure out what went wrong and the conclusion was that OS X has very poor threading functionality - something critical server applications like mysql and apache under heavy load.The Linux running on the G5 is upwards of 1000 % faster than OS 10.4 . Given the cost of Linux I 'm not sure what would prompt me to purchase this server OS for 10 times worse performance on the same Apple hardware . I also find it ironic that Apple has touted the benefits of a single company making hardware and OS for years and this is the result . Embarassing .
 I thought for the first time that I 'd stay on the cuttng edge of Mac OS . Little did I know that under Tiger all of my applications would crash more often and run more slowly . I also did n't know that Symantec would n't support Tiger , so that my old versions of Norton Utilities and Norton Antivirus no longer work while Symantec does not plan to sell versions that do work on Tiger.Both my classic applications and my OS X applications run slower and crash more often . I really regret upgrading . Sure , the widgets function is nice , but not worth the trouble Tiger has caused me .
 For one year I ran Panther on my new iMac . Virtually no problems and no crashes . I have crashed more times with Tiger in one month than ever before . I think it is Dashboard and I only have a couple of the native widgets in use . What a shame - they are so cool . But I want my flawless , stable iMac back . Why wo n't Apple acknowledge this obvious problem ?
 There is no search tool , as advertised in the description . You get 12 CD 's , and an image viewer which operates like Explorer . Without search capabilities , or a hard-copy book with a thorough index , all I have is a bunch of files on 12 CD 's . Whoopee .
 This is definitely not worth the money - The company apparently no longer supports this title because there is no mention of it on their page -LRB- exception for the user forum - more on this later -RRB- . You have to pay to receive any kind of help and emails are not answered -LRB- their Product-User Forums are a joke at best -RRB- . There is no manual and the products have names such as clip001.mid - try searching all these babies looking for a tune ! All of my CD 's do n't work properly either . Some of the files are empty and accessing some will lock up your computer . I have tried on several computers , on several OS 's - still problems . The clipart that I did view is n't worth it - you can get much better at free sites on the Internet . If you need royalty free images - please purchase another product -LRB- try Hemera -RRB- . Forget the free membership - they do n't mention it anywhere but on the box so you never have all of the `` data '' that you purchased anyway ! STEER CLEAR - this one is n't worth the trouble !! Wish I could rate it 0 stars .
 I bought this for my visiting grandson but it does not work with Windows Vista or Windows 7 . The requirements info indicates that it works with '' ... or better '' and that is not true . Fortunately he has an old computer at home and hopefully will be able to play it there . That does not change the fact that I purchased it for him to use while visiting us and it ca n't happen . This also applies to the Treasure Mountain game .
 I loaded this software on 4 different computers and it would not run . I believe it is because it a very old software and will not run on XP but I 'm not sure.In past years this has been a very reliable company -LRB- Broderbund -RRB- but if they are not going to support the software they should not be selling it .
 The game you sent does not work . Its supposed to be compatible with my computer and its not . The game does n't work on any computer in my house .
 out of all the supersolver games i played when i was little , this one was the hardest and the most frustrating . the plot is not intriguing at all and why would a little kid care about building robots ?
 I like the game but I really wish they 'd made it clear that it wo n't run on a 64 bit machine . The work-arounds I 've seen are likely to cause way more problems than eating the $ 13 - .
 This softwear will not run on a 64 bit computer . I got three learning games for my kids and they all got the same error message . So sad .
 First let me say that I am a long time Mac user and I am trying to see all Apple services from it 's positive side , so do n't thing this is a beating from a Mac hater or something like that ... The pro 's : - Very nice integration into Mac OS X-Very convenient backup possibility-Very nice website templates-Stylish email address -LRB- @mac . com -RRB- - Massive load of clips and sounds for `` Garage Band '' - Free virus scanner-Premium customer service -LRB- for . Mac services only -RRB- Now the con 's -LRB- which are overwhelming -RRB- - The Price -LRB- $ 99 for 1000MB of space -LRB- for hosting and email -RRB- , are you kidding me ? Considering that you get a free email account with 2.5 GB right now ... . Apple , please upgrade your service . Also they let you pay for every extra . You are paying extra for another email address and if you like to have more space.-The webhosting is much to basic . You can use simple html and that 's it . Apple does n't offer you to use scripts , databases ... nothing . They do n't even offer to host your own message board , blog or chat . I realized for the most basic user this does not mean anything , but for advanced users the webhosting is much too basic.-When you sign up you have to select a username . This username will be your email -LRB- yourname@mac.com and your URL -LRB- members.mac.com/yourname -RRB- . You might think that there are not that many . mac users -LRB- about a million , the last time I checked -RRB- , but thing again
 My , this service is nearly a ripoff . Synchronization and email retrieval is very , very slow . The email system runs on the the relatively common IMAP protocol , yet . Mac is the slowest IMAP service I have ever seen . Also , your . Mac email address expires unless you renew year-after-year . . Mac webmail is anemic in ease-of-use and functionality ; it does not have important features available elsewhere for free
 This software is TERRIBLE ! I bought this software to get a head start on college -LRB- after being out of school for 5 years -RRB- but now I am back to square one -LRB- finding different software , or a book -RRB- . This program literally expects you to figure out how to do the math by doing it and assuming you can work out the `` why '' . But that 's okay because the TWO questions at the end of each `` lesson '' will show you step by step how to do it if you click `` solution '' ... not ! Same thing , it shows you the steps but does not EXPLAIN ! To put what I am saying simply , imagine trying to learn math by reading somebody 's test answers . You ca n't ! I now dread installing a science program I bought from the same company ...
 Buyer Beware ... If you have Windows 7 , PhotoImpact 5 is not for you . I bought this based on a previous review stating this would work on Windows 7 . IT DOES NOT !!! Do not buy PhotoImpact 5 if you plan on installing it on a Windows 7 machine.I used PhotoImpact a good bit a few years ago , and it was pretty simple to use and create/edit simple images and photos on the web or for print . It has some pretty cool things you can do with photos . I bought this with anticipation of using it to help me in creating some cool Calendar photo images . Ended up being a waste of money . It does work on Windows XP and I have resurrected on old XP machine just to test it out . Guess I 'll be looking for something else .
 The software as delivered had no problem creating back-ups to NAS storage on our home network and creating disaster recovery boot disks . The problem comes when trying to access the NAS to recover the backup from the boot disk . From the boot disk the network is not accessable . NovaStor tech support answers quickly but with flippant one line responses that do n't fix the problem . Their boot disk provides no driver support for a network ! They just pawn you off to the computer manufacturer . Certainly not the kind of support expected for purchased software . Never liked Norton Ghost all that much but it is much better than this .
 I should n't have wasted my time , let alone my money . Used the recommended settings , verified all the archive files , and used fresh RTM license of NOVASTOR 's NovaBACKUP Professional to back up taxes and household media -LRB- 1.5 Tb -RRB- that had been painstakingly merged and organized over most of a week . All archives made using the Disaster Recovery full backup verified , and after OEM system restore again one week later , NovaBACKUP says every archive file 's corrupt!AND they do n't provide free help of ANY sort for product failures - per-incident/monthly membership support purchases only for retail software support . They have a forum for discussing their products , but they appear to have not a single actual complaint in their member `` discussion '' forums.Save your time , save your money , and use the backup options that come standard with your operating system ... or Acronis , if you need to spend money on phone support - It 's reliable . NovaBACKUP was NOT reliable , in my case .
 I used to be a backup administrator for Seton hospital in the Austin , TX area , so I 'm no novice to tape backups/software . I decided to give this a try on my home workstation , where I edit large amounts of video . Everything installed fine and I backed up -LRB- 4 -RRB- tapes -LRB- 800GB total -RRB- to an HP LTO-2 drive . Everything worked great and I restored a 20GB video to a new location without any problems . Then I installed a new PCIe Firewire card in my workstation and moved the SCSI controller down one slot . When it came back up the Bus ID of the tape drive had changed from 3 to 4 . Now NovaBackup will not restore ANYTHING from the same tape drive it wrote everything to . When I try and restore the data it fails after about 1 second with `` Error e001000c
 Purchased this product back in August when I switched to Windows 7 , as an alternative to the another product I had used on XP but was not available on 7 . Based my purchase off technical reviews which rated it the best of 10 . At first , backups were amazing . Backup times were reduced by 50 % . Backed up weekly once a week but started to get intermittent problems with the backups not starting . The backup status window gave no indication what the problem was . Then the program started to not recognized the USB drive used to store the backup . The drive showed up in the system devices display but product kept giving me a window stating I had 2 minutes to connect the drive . Ending the program and restarting did not help that particular situation . Then most recently , the backups would end prematurely at various stages with no indications of errors in the logs . My system has about 100 GB of data and it would stop at at 19 , 24 or 60GB not necessarily in that order . Spent the better part of one day trying to get a backup . I sent an email to support and they required me to buy service before investigating . I removed the product from my system - it was just to unreliable . By the way , to assure other apps were not affecting the backup process , I had shut down all apps , disabled the network and shutdown the firewall . Backups would still hang . A message would have been nice , or an error code , support , something ?
 Feeling pretty frustrated now . Have n't been able to back up anything , yet because novabackup ca n't find any devices to backup to . No help in manual , nothing on their website , and after 30 days you have to pay for support . I feel like I wasted my money , and wish I could select less than one star .
 If you want support you have to pay for it . I have a lot of problems with this application . I have found it to be very unreliable and frustrating to use .
 In good faith I bought Novastor . 6 months into it , I upgraded my computer to a Windows 8 . Could n't get my software installed on the new machine for some crazy reason only to discover that my Novastor version is not compatible with Win8.To fix it , I have to PAY Novastor for an upgrade . SHAME ON YOU NOVASTOR . Disgusting ethics and disappointing policies .
 I 've supported this application as part of my organization for a long time , until we switched to an in-house solution . This is the worst backup software I 've ever used . Stay away .
 This program does n't match the right words in many of the vocabulary exercises . It is designed for a very low level of learning , somewhere in the junior high level . I would n't suggest this to anyone .
 This product allows you to create specific projects featuring the Little Mermaid characters . However , it is very limited . You can not manipulate the images , change their size , etc. . I guess it is fine if your child wants to create name tags or placemats but if you 're looking to customize anything this program wo n't allow it . I would not purchase this again .
 I have been a user of Norton SystemWorks for several years now . The programs are great . In my experience Norton Antivirus is the best antivirus software program around . Norton Utilities does an excellent job of keeping my computer up and running . While I like these products there is no way that I can recommend Norton SystemWorks 2005 . Like some of the other commenters have noted installing Norton SystemWorks 2005 was a nightmare . While I was able to install the other components of SystemWorks 2005 I could not install Norton Antivirus 2005 . I had been previous running Norton SystemWorks 2003 and Norton Antivirus 2004 . The uninstall program for Norton Antivirus 2004 left so much clutter on my computer that Norton Antivirus 2005 would not install . After digging around on the Symantec web site I was able to discover a link for technical support via email . Symantec 's technical support was useless . After a couple days of trading emails and trying their useless suggestions I decided to wipe my hard drive and reloading Windows and all of my software , which actually took less time then trying all of technical support 's useless suggestions.After reloading Windows I was able to install SystemWorks 2005 without any problems . As I said at the beginning its a great program , but if you have a previous version of Norton Antivirus on your computer I would not recommend upgrading to SystemWorks 2005 or Norton Antivirus 2005 .
 System
 I 've been using Norton products since the dos days and have upgraded regularly over the years . After a DISASTROUS and completely failed attempt to upgrade both Systemworks and Internet security 2005 , I took a hard look at my 2004 versions of the same programs . I have since done a clean reinstall of windows , -LRB- trying to upgrade to 2005 completely messed up my os -RRB- , and all my software . I have upgraded to a combo modem/router with firewall and no longer have a need for Norton Internet security , -LRB- if you use dsl and do NOT have a `` 2wire '' brand dsl modem router , GET ONE ! -RRB- . I 've upgraded Windows to XP Pro . THE BACKUP FEATURE IN XP PRO IS WORTH THE PRICE OF THE UPGRADE ! I backed up 17GB to external hard drive in 30 minutes . So no longer need Norton Ghost . I now use McAfee Antivirus , Spybot -LRB- freeware -RRB- and Adaware -LRB- freeware -RRB- and get better protection and lower system resource cost . I 've found that Windows Disk Defragmenter does a fine job , so no longer need Speed Disk . Let me tell you , by dumping Norton Internet Security , Ghost , Antivirus and Speedisk , like some others have said , I have a new computer . I have about 80mb of additional ram , -LRB- after accounting for replacement software -RRB- , and surfing the net has become FUN again . You 'll see offers of Norton products for free after rebates . DO N'T DO IT , unless you want it just for a couple of the smaller utilities like web tools , wipe free space or Windoctor , which is what I have reinstalled . The real costs are hogged system resources and lost/wasted time dealing with bloated software that wants to completely take over your computer . After relying on Norton for over ten years it was HARD to give it up ! And while I 'm glad I did I 'm sorry I had to . Norton needs to scale back , slim down and give us back our computers . When they 've done that I 'll take another look.P.S . Since doing the complete backup with Windows XP PRO Backup/ASR -LRB- automated system recovery -RRB- , I 've had occasion to do a complete restore :--RRB- . Easy , intuitive and flawless ! Had my computer back in 1 hour .
 I 've used Norton Systemworks -LRB- and Norton Utilities -RRB- for years , however , this year I bought the product without reading all the reviews on Amazon . Boy am I sorry . The installation routines for this year 's version product are just plain broken . Whoever tested this could not possibly have given it a `` thumbs up '' to be released . In my small world , even the common testing use cases failed -LRB- e.g. , clean upgrade from last version , compatibility with other Symantec products , clean de-installs , etc. -RRB- . I had Norton Internet Security 2005 and Norton Systemworks 2004 Pro previously installed on my machine . Trying to install this version of Norton Systemworks generated all sorts of problems . In addition , it broke the one feature of Systemworks 2004 I used the most , Password Manager -LRB- sadly , that product is n't even included in this year 's version of Systemworks -RRB- . Not only does this product not cleanly install , but when you try to remove it to clean up all that it messed up it gets worse . It even removes what was installed with other Symantec products -LRB- when I de-installed NSW 2005 it removed the version of Norton Antivirus that I installed with Norton Internet Security 2005 -RRB- . I ca n't say it enough . Read the Amazon reviews on this product . It is worse than broken . I 've worked with information technology and software development for more than 20 years and this product should never have been released in its current form . After 6 hours of trying various combinations to get NIS 2005 , NSW 2005 , and Norton Password Manager 2004 to work I 've finally given up . NSW 2005 is going in the trash and I 'm reinstalling NSW 2004 Pro.Symantec , I 'm sorry to be so blunt . At one time , the Peter Norton name meant something to consumers that were looking for useful and high quality utilities for their PC . Apparently , those days are long gone . If you are looking for utilities that make your PC run better , either spend your money elsewhere or wait until Symantec pays more attention to their quality assurance and testing efforts .
 I purchased this , installed it , and after hours of struggling with compatability issues , have uninstalled everything except for Ghost 9 -LRB- which is a significant upgrade from Ghost 2003 , because Symantec bought out another company 's better drive imaging product and gave it their own brand -RRB- . Luckily the price after rebates on Systemworks is about the same as for Ghost alone . Antivirus 2005 has all the problems reported for 2004 , compatability problems with other programs and it slows your system down significantly . I have switched to Vcom 's Fix-It Utilities -LRB- better than Norton Utilities -RRB- and plan on buying Trend Micro 's PC-cillin to replace the antivirus bundled with Fix-It Utilities.Another customer lost by Symantec ...
 I had similar install problems at mentioned in the other reviews . I had to wipe out all prior versions of Symantec products manually to get this to install correctly -LRB- i.e. playing with registry files -RRB- . The program now works , but I still get an error message regarding a missing . dll at startup . I did have Norton Antivirus 2004 installed prior to the upgrade -LRB- followed directions on uninstalling prior versions , did not work -RRB- . It also fouled up my internet connection , but I found a website to fix the problem -LRB- again , more registry hacking into TCP/IP setting -RRB- . If you are an intermediate to advanced computer user with a few hours to spare give it a try , but this is the last Norton product I will ever purchase -LRB- after using Norton products for 10 + years -RRB- . Norton Antivirus 2004 was a resource hog , Systemworks 2005 has a buggy install . The only reason I stuck with Norton was it cost , practically zero to upgrade each year -LRB- ... -RRB- but it 's not worth the trouble anymore . I would say you get what you pay for , but considering the retail price of this is -LRB- ... -RRB- ... save your money and buy something else .
 The product itself with all the features are great and useful , and I was excited to get the new version of Ghost.What is hard to swallow is the fact that if you are upgrading a Symantec product to this one , it renders your PC useless . I rebooted after the uninstall/install s/w process , and at least the OS booted up initially . I noticed that when the OS started , my internet connection was not functioning . I was n't pleased with this , and knew as an IT professional it was the software that was responsible . The registration screen locked up and I was forced into rebooting . It was at this point that the OS could n't boot up , and I ended up reinstalling both operating systems I had on my one hard drive.There is no acceptable reason in this happening , and Symantec should be embarrassed about this . I read other reviews and find I 'm not alone in experiencing this problem . Shame on Symantec and their apparent disregard to this issue . No reasonable software company would n't stumble upon this in testing and not do anything about it.The reason why I even bought this product was so that I could use Ghost and create images of my logical drives to avoid what this install process just forced me to do , which was to reinstall all my apps from scratch .
 It 's ironic that a primary component of this package is antivirus software . I 've never had a virus trash my machine like this pig did.I installed it and , of course , it would n't work . It claimed I had installed it too many times . That was on the first install right out of the box . So I had a nice chat with someone in India whom I could barely understand and after much transoceanic negotiations she was able to do something that let me install . If I had only known ... Anyway , everything installed and it has been diligently protecting me from evil people for about a month or so . I am using an old 5400 RPM 20GB boot drive , I bought a nice new -LRB- big -RRB- drive and I wanted to swap my boot drive over to that . So I thought I 'd use Ghost to clone a new boot drive , exactly as the program was supposed to operate . But first , I thought I 'd run the utilities to clean everything up before cloning . If you own this package and ever decide to do that , have a friend tie you in a chair until the urge passes . It went through everything and shrieked in horror ... `` Your partition tables -LRB- on several disks -RRB- contains serious errors . Shall I fix it for you '' ? Regretably , I said sure . It screwed everything up where I could n't even boot . The system claimed nothing was bootable . After about several hours of dinking around with it , I removed every drive from the machine except the old 20GB and attempted to boot . It worked ! Then I hooked the other -LRB- 3 -RRB- drives back up , one at a time , rebooting in between , and Win2K was able to figure out how to set everything right.So now for cloning . Everything appeared to work fine until I tried to reboot using the new -LRB- cloned -RRB- disk . It seemed to go fine until time to load my personal settings and the like and it then ejected a message `` Your system has no paging file ... go in and fix it '' . Great . Except that it just hung with a black screen and no ability at all to do ANYTHING , much less fix the problem . Back to the old system . Internet search ... found out how to fix that -LRB- it appeared to have to do with anti-piracy ... more about that coming up -RRB- . I finally got it to boot , come up all the way to my user account . Everything looked fine . And then the machine spontaneously rebooted . This happened several times , but once in a while it would make it all the way through . But then when rebooting later the same thing happened . So ... everytime I reboot the system , it may or may not come up . It seems to be about 1 time in 4 that it comes up OK . Otherwise it hangs in this silly reboot loop.I know the story is already long , and I 'll try to shorten it . After about a day fooling with it , somewhere along the line it came up and said `` Your Norton stuff was n't activated properly '' . Aha !! The horrible thing is back on the anti-piracy binge . I found that when it actually got out of the reboot loop , I was able to uninstall Norton 's garbage . And guess what ... it fixed everything . Except that now I had no antivirus protection , and the only way to get it back is go back through the nice people over in India and try to get them to allow me to reconnect to something I bought and paid for.So in the end , I wound up throwing a perfectly good weekend down the toilet fooling with this garbage , went back to my old 20 GB boot drive and everything -LRB- including , I hope , the antivirus stuff -RRB- seems to be working , although I 'm still cleaning up various little messes . What a complete waste . I have no problem with the idea that Norton wishes to protect their intellectual -LRB- ??? -RRB- property from piracy . It 's too bad they did it in a way that renders the product virtually useless to legitimate owners.The moral to the story ... I wo n't be buying anything from Symantec/Norton again .
 with systemworks running in the backgrounda trojan horse took control of my display file in my control panel and the only background it allowed on my desktop was the one it would display , Smithold ?? html you need to buy spyware , you have a trojan horse infecting your ... so i ran norton antivirus , nothing . no fix . ended up reloading the os . no norton antivirus app so i tried to reload systemworks , after having to remove norton . but , no norton antivirus . it would n't install . ALSO THE REBATE REQUIRES A TWO DAY PROJECT TO GET THE REFUND . THERE ARE 20 SOME THINGS YOU HAVE TO DO TO GET THE REBATE . GOOD LUCK IF YOU ARE FOOLISH ENOUGH TO BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 Ghost 9 is a significant upgrade , but the remaining componenets have compatibility and performance problems , I unistalled them and swirched to Fix-It and Pc-cillin antivirus .
 This software is crap ! I had to uninstall it in order to install a Windows update and can not reinstall the software . Getting any help from Symantec is impossible . I done buying anything associated with Symantec . I do n't need the aggravation .
 I 've used Nortons since 1991 and it saved my bacon a few times . But it also fried me too . Now I am jack of the product.Recall how a car would be a classic . Then they 'd add auto and smog controls . Then it would beef up oh so heavy . Well thats whats happened with Nortons.Ive got copies here going way back , but now tech support costs more than the product . I just grabbed one of my old laptops and thought I 'd update it . Put NSW 2005 into the drive , did the install -LRB- the ink used to record its registration number rubs off onto your fingers -RRB- and finally it says I 've installed it too many times and it refuses to **activate**.Com e on Nortons ! I mean yeah , I 've got your disks all over the place . Oh I used 2005 not the 2006 copy . Dare I install 2006 ? How many times can I install it Mr. Norton ?? There 's no mention on the box of this limitation . Theres nothing on the readme file . Boy this product really sux now . I am going to start using freeware from now on . You personally can run the product from the CD but there is no undo engine , nor will you have the pleasure of any essential updates.Goodbye , no , bye Mr. Norton .
 I have used Norton products since Peter Norton was alive . It 's saved my computer and my sanity more than once . Unfortunately , Symantec is no longer the company Peter Norton created . I could not even get this program loaded on either of my computers.I always know that installation will not be trouble free when it comes to Symantec . But after numerous emails to a company that no longer really wants to provide customer service , and knowledge base entries that flat out said there was no solution at this time , it became clear that they really put a dog on the market this time . The program simply would n't install.So , naturally , I wanted my money back . But ditso me sent Symantec my receipt for the rebate and did n't keep a copy . The argument that they already had the receipt since they sent a rebate did n't work , so I 'm stuck with an expensive white elephant that does nothing at all but cause frustration.And as many of you already know , it 's not easy to uninstall left behind Symantec components.Seriously people ... do yourself a favor and JUST SAY NO to these companies that put beta software on the market at inflated prices and then expect you to find the flaws in their software.I decided to upgrade to Zone Alarm Security Suite and I 've never been happier . It runs leaner and faster and does n't bog down my system like Symantec . The virus protection also caught some spyware . Something that Norton Antivirus never seemed able to do at all.I ca n't express enough how frustrated I am every time I look at this box knowing that I will never use it.JUST SAY NO !
 OK , let me preface this by saying that I used Norton tools way back before Symantec branded them , and Norton Utilities were THE MOST AWESOME THINGS you could have installed on your computer.Long are those days gone . I have only used two products from this suite , Norton Ghost and Antivirus . What have they done to the program I used to love ? Norton Ghost on the bootable CD now takes a good 2-3 minutes to load up , and about 30 seconds for a mouse click to take effect . The DOS based version that was the older version , altho not quite as pretty , were actually usable . This now is so slow it is worthless . It took less time to reinstall Windows . -LRB- NOT A JOKE ! -RRB- Let me add on that the one ghost image I did make , when verified thru the windows interface worked fine , but when I actually erased my data and tried to restore from this supposedly a-ok image , was considered corrupt and did n't work at all.And lets not even get into the Anti-Virus program . I could n't even get this to work thanks to their activation technology.This was one of the biggest wastes of money I have ever spent . Here 's hoping some computer savvy lawyer files a class-action lawsuit against Symantec for releasing such garbage . As for me , I 'm selling my copy on ebay .
 Ater all the negative reviews this product suffered here , and on other boards , I will NOT be buying SystemWorks.It seems like this product is being served before it 's time and they need to spend more time in QA than a rush to market . Let them experiment on their own machines - my data is a not a ` field test ` No way will I buy this at this time ... . thanks for all the critical reviews .
 The product is laided with protection for Symantec . Customer service is very poor . I upgraded my P4 with an AMD 64 to get away from heating problems of a poorly designed motherboard . When I reinstalled Systemworks 2006 it changed my date by a year earlier . When I corrected the date the computer the software stop working because it was expired after only 2 months . It took a week for free e-mail support to respond and they were not very helpful . They want to protect themselves from piracy but yet make a very complex system with virtually no support . Hey guys there has to be a better way !!!! $ 29.95 to correct Symantec problems is too high of price to pay !!!
 I have had nothing but trouble with Norton System Works . I installed it , it corrupted Windows XP , crashed my system . After hundreds of dollars worth of computer consultant time , I 'm still limping along . It ruined my system , ruined my billable time , ruined their reputation with me . Stay FAR FAR away from this product !
 Peter Norton was the savior of many a computer user and consultant . There were few programs that I absolutely depended upon more than Norton Utilities but somewhere between 2002 and 2004 that all changed . The program was probably rewritten from scratch to accommodate Windows XP.After Peter Norton sold it to the `` slicks '' , the `` meat '' started disappearing , but it still worked ... sorta . Code bloat became really ugly and new versions often had only cosmetic differences . The worse that happened before 2003 was that some very useful aspects of it such as the hardware diagnostics and disk editing modules were pulled with neither explanation nor alternative offerings.Now it no longer works well . I have had many a virgin installation crash and worse than that :1 - You could not reinstall it2 - You could not uninstall it3 - Norton wanted $ 35 before they would even talk to you even if you had only had the product for a half hour4 - You could not get a refund5 - and the mail in rebate for the overpriced version , well let 's not even go there!Norton produced serveral little fix it tools . I did not use them all but the ones I did use did not work completely . They cleaned up some of the problems but not them all . Since then , to solve the problems it has caused , I 've either had to spend a few hours of registry editing or wipe the machine and restart.I do not believe that Symantec hires only incompetent programmers . I do believe that the company is probably run by shortsighted stockholders who know nothing about the business but only want to maximize the bottom line . Squeezing out highly competent and probably expensive employees has resulted in a dramatic decrease in product quality . Once again short term gains will kill a once valuable product . There are many quality alternatives that I 'll look over while listening to the death knell increase in intensity of a ex-industry leader .
 Will Symantec ever offer bug-free software?I have used Norton since it originally came out , and saw the quality of the product suffer as the company was bought by Symantec . The appointment of a marketing guy from IBM as President has only made things worse . Symantec 's objective is to hook you initially through rebates -LRB- I was able to obtain -LRB- ... -RRB- in rebates -- meaning that the product was given to me -RRB- , and then gouge you with obscene annual update fees . Meanwhile , it places several unremovable files on your disk that render it difficult , if not impossible , to get it off . And if you want a firewall or other added features , you have to buy them separately at exhorbitant prices and update fees.If you do install it , do NOT install any of the free bonus software , especially Go Back , which caused my computer to crash five years ago and has just done it again . Limit your installation to Anti Virus and Systemworks , and still expect the latter to degrade over time.All of this offended me so much that I switched to Trend Micro 's PC-Cillin Internet Security a year ago . That has a lot more features than Norton -LRB- including a firewall and spyware blocker -RRB- , but a defective update around April 20th of this year crashed computers around the world . The company did n't tell anyone , including its shareholders , until April 26th . You could tell by the selling of stock by insiders that something was wrong , but could n't tell what.McAfee is playing the same game as Norton , unbundling software so that they can charge you separately for each element , selling the initial package at a steep discount , and then gouging you on the upgrade fees . The only difference is that their software is more unreliable than Symantec 's . Another alternative is System Suite by V Communications , which is more powerful than SystemWorks -LRB- among other things , it sweeps your registry of unused links -RRB- . Norton is clearly worried about them , they 're one of the few companies on Norton 's competitive upgrade list . I tried it a couple of years ago and had some problems with it , but nothing like Norton.So what to do ? Personally , I plan to go back to PC Cillin Internet Security , which has more features than Norton -LRB- e.g. , anti-Spyware and a Firewall -RRB- , and supplement it with SystemWorks , but not Norton 's anti-virus or other programs . Then I 'm going to wait to see how good -LRB- or bad -RRB- Microsoft 's new programs are .
 For over fourteen years I had been using Norton 's utilities , starting with my first 8088 PC , but I will never purchase any product from Symantec again . Attempting to purchase and update Norton 's antivirus utility proved to be one of my most challenging computer tasks to date . Removing all traces of Norton from my system after finally deciding to forgo using Norton was just as difficult . It may have been quicker to have reformatted my hard drives and to have reinstalled all my software - it certainly would have been less frustrating . Norton provided no help in the matter .
 I 've not much opinion about most of NSW , but I do have to say that I 've used both NSW 2003 and 2005 , with each clobbering my system nearly outright.My systems
 Norton anti-virus worked pretty good for me until recently when the Live Update feature decided on its own not to work anymore . Now it 's a huge hassle to upgrade the virus definitions . I have to log onto the web site , click through a bunch of pages and find the right virus definition file . Definitely not what I had in mind for virus protection . I would recommend another product if that 's what you are getting this for.Norton Ghost is completely useless . All it will do is create Norton Ghost backup files . It will not create an image of your hard drive , like 99.9 % of all people that would consider purchasing Norton Ghost , want to do . Instead it will just create special files that only Norton Ghost can read . So Norton Ghost can be thrown into the wastebasket or not installed in the first place.What I recommend instead of Norton Ghost is Maxtor 's excellent MaxBlaster . With that fine -LRB- and free -RRB- utility , I made a mirror image of my hard drive with zero problems and very quickly too . Maxtor is a hard drive manufacturer , and they include Maxblast when you buy their excellent and inexpensive hard drives.Norton Ghost , I bought and instantly regretted buying . It is of no use to me whatsoever and I ca n't imagine why anyone would ever want it.Norton Utilities are sometimes useful . The defragmenter works OK most of the time , though for many users it complains about `` The drive is being used by a different resource and can not be degragmented at this time . `` Overall , a utility of moderate to low usefulness .
 This software is a ticking time bomb waiting to go off . I purchased it online for $ 60 direct from Symantec 's website . At the end of the installation , a warning pop up said that I may need to reinstall my hard drive controller drivers upon rebooting -LRB- I knew then that I was in trouble -RRB- . This was followed by the `` option '' to restart my computer in order to complete the install . That was over one month , one replacement motherboard , and a new hard drive ago . I still ca n't get my system working , nor has any professional been able to help.AVOID NORTON SYSTEM WORKS LIKE THE PLAGUE !!!
 I have been a loyal user of Symantec products for many years , and am a knowledgeable user - though not an IT person , I do build my own computers , etc. . I am extremely disappointed in NSW 2005 and NAV 2005 . The product simply does not install correctly , and there is more than one installation problem , which you can find by using Google . In my case , I worked with Norton support for some time , uninstalling and reinstalling the product , and doing significant registry maintenance to insure that all references to ANY past Norton products were removed . The software still did not install correctly . -LRB- I continue to get a message about a missing navemail.dll , even though NAV 2005 does not use this dll . -RRB- I finally pointed out to Symantec that there is significant information on the Internet about the problems with NSW 2005 / NAV 2005 installation , and therefore asked for my money back on a DOWNLOADED copy . Without argument or hesitation , Symantec agreed , which tells me that not only did they want to make me happy , but they also must know that there are significant product issues.I hope Symantec fixes this problem , and gets their act together . I have liked their products in the past . But this is a very poor product and I would recommend that mainstream users check out mainstream alternatives such as McAfee or Computer Associates .
 The reason some users have had problems with this program is that they are installing or re-installing the same or updated versions of Norton System Works . That is because Symantec/Norton leaves so much junk behind in uninstalling that it conflicts with itself , either slowing up or rendering the whole operating system unbootable . When you try to get help from their technical support they blame it on a corrupted MicroSoft installer file and send you a half-dozen pieces of obfuscating , boilerplate `` solutions '' that will get anyone less than an expert to wind up with an unusable system . Many people solve it either by re-formatting the drive -- if they have a recent backup -- or by using regedit to delete every Norton or Symantec entry of more than 500 , selecting them one at a time . And that still leaves files in half-dozen locations , many of which are `` in use '' and not deletable . My guess is that this is their idea of copy protection or instant obsolescence . But it does n't end there
 Nastiest program install I 've ever had ; exceeding the difficulty of the 2004 install . Autoprotect did not work . Uninstalled and reinstalled the program 5 times , deleted files on the hard drive ; and -LRB- perspiration -RRB- hacked the registry all at the direction of Symantec 's online help directives . 4 hours later , finally got the program to install correctly . 2005 was an upgrade from SystemWorks 2004 . Symantec lost my business on my laptop last year . Unless there are glowing reviews for future versions of this product , they 've lost it on my desktop too.Agree with the other reviewers ; this product is not for the average PC user ; once you have it installed , it does take less resources ; and it 's a shame a fine product is brought to shambles by installation nightmares ; as I too am a long time Norton user since back in the DOS days ... , however , two years of nasty upgrade installation problems ... bye Norton ... aka Symantec .
 I work with computers , and I have yet to have a successful install of NSW 2005 on over 50 computers . If you desire successful install you must reformat your hard drive and then intall NSW 2005 first before any other programs . On several of my clients I elected just to update the NSW 2004 anti virus subscription , so much easier . Do n't waste your time with this version . Norton also , had similar probelms with thier 2003 version , which they repeated denied had any problems , but searching the web found problem after problem with installation .
 Man , do I wish I had read reviews before switching from SystemWorks 2002 to 2005 . It was recommended to me by a family member to purchase the software rather than just subscribing for updates ... BIG mistake.Before I had a perfectly working GoBack . Now it wo n't even install -LRB- since I had to uninstall the old version to install the new one -RRB- . Guess I 'm relying on system restore now.The Antivirus installed ... after quite a bit of time . But at least that is working , which is the only reason I 'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 . But I definitely DO NOT recommend the product . Subscribe for the updates if you have an older version or get something else entirely . Trust me . It 's not worth the headache . And their web customer service does n't provide any useful insight . I refuse to pay another $ 30 to talk to the phone support .
 I have been using their products for many years , but this year 's edition simply does not install . I have wasted hours trying to get this to work . The solutions in their knowledge base are ineffective . It 's the weekend , so of course there 's no technical support -- even when there is -- there is a charge of $ 30 . Save your time and money -- buy something else .
 Even if you have already purchased this program , DO NOT INSTALL IT . Yes your money may be gone but your data will still be there . This program has rendered systems UNBOOTABLE . Meaning for some people who are not tech-savvy , they will be reformatting their drives and reinstalling Windows.There is a case to be made that this is in fact a defective product . I would not be surprised to see a class action lawsuit . Would n't you be upset if you had to reformat your hard drive after trying to install software meant to protect you ? As to the five star ratings you will find here - they are likely employees for the vendor -LRB- Symantec -RRB- , so beware.There are better ways to protect your data in any case , since even if you are running a utility , your hard drive can still fail . A simple method is to store photos etc at an online service that stores them at their original size . This way if your system fails , you can still get the photos back . Same for other types of documents - you can use Yahoo Briefcase , Gmail , burn to a CD , etc. . At the very least , store your data on a separate hard drive -LRB- D
 WORST customer service experience I have ever had in my life . Not only did installation of their supposed upgrade -LRB- to NSW 2005 from 2004 -RRB- severely damage my operating system -LRB- MS-xp_pro -RRB- , but Norton refused responsibility and tried to palm me off on Microsoft Fee-Based Tech Support . After countless hours on the phone with Microsoft , we identified the problem squarely at Norton . I then had to fight for 3 days with Norton Fee-based Customer Service even to get a troubleshooter on the phone , who then led me through a wild goose chase of useless fixes . -LRB- This after being lied to for three days about the reasons for the delays -- that they were supposedly researching my issue . -RRB- If you already made the mistake of dealing with this despicable company , demand your money back !
 This is the product that pushed me over the edge , I will never buy a Norton product ever again . After a half dozen failed attempts to install this on my laptop , I decided to install on my desktop instead . Now I ca n't activate it because it thinks it is installed on my laptop . Its not like I am a beginner either , I have been doing computer maintenance for over 25 years . In the last five or six years my experiences with Norton products have been progressively worse , they wo n't install properly , you ca n't uninstall them , they want to `` take control '' of your computer -LRB- it will never work the same after you install their junk -RRB- . A total and complete waste of my money !!!
 When my IE6 kept crashing and nothing could fix it , I backed up my data and re-formatted my drive.Reinstalled norton and it crashed 1/2 way thru installation.Then , I could n't totaly remove it.Tools on symantec website do n't totally clean up the mess their installation makes.After a 2nd reformat and reinstall of XP , I said , `` Enough '' . I 'll lose out on several monthso of my anti-virus subscription , but if norton wo n't install , there 's no other choice but use someone else 's utilities.I used norton for over 10 years.Time to give the new V-COM Fix it 6 or Systemsuite 6 a try .
 It 's a good program , nothing too new and exciting . I bought the Premier to get my version that was a couple years old updated . My reason for this version was Ghost , since you do n't have to reboot when you do a backup . Big Plus!Just be VERY aware of the rebate from Symantec . MAKE SURE you send in the correct `` flap '' they ask for . Apparently it 's NOT the one with the UPC/bar code . The rebate form says `` Top Inner Flap '' . This is the first time I 've sent in a rebate where they did n't want the UPC ... None of the flaps are marked `` Proof of purchase '' so I sent in the flap with the UPC . I got back a card saying that I did n't send in the proof of purchase . Unfortunatly I did n't keep the box so I 'm out the $ 30 . It 's a bit deceptive in my opinion . Just be aware . Amazon at the time had a rebate as well and I did get that part at least.Back to the program , you CAN get most of the features in one form or another as freeware . Descent software , but I 'm definitly turned off in the future from purchasing a Symantec product . Symantec , if you 're going to give a rebate , make it simple and not tricky .
 This is by far the most buggy , speed draining , useless garbage software ever written . Symantec has slowly morphed into a junk software vendor interested only in selling you useless gimmicky crap that breaks your computer . I am a computer technician and I see over 1,500 computers a year . Of the ones with this software installed , -LRB- perhaps 75 or more -RRB- , NONE of them has functioned properly with this sloppy monstrosity on it . Symantec thinks since they own the trademark Norton , people will buy it 's software because of it 's once well-earned name recognition . And alas ; they are right . The mindless masses eagerly shell over an exorbanent amount of money to adopt a little yellow box with the word NORTON on it , but beware - do n't even get the BOX close to your computer . There should be a class action lawsuit against this crooked company . Anyone who gives this product good reviews either is in a persistent vegetative state or works for Symantec . Horrible , Horrible , Horrible . Period .
 My 2002 Norton Systemworks service , a reliable , seamless product was due to expire at the end of March 2006 . Naturally , I tried to renew the subscription but was directed by Symantec web site to continue service by the only available option , the wonderous 2006 Internet Security/Systemworks package . My 2002 version would no longer support a simple yearly extension as it did three consecutive years prior . Without hesitation , I paged into the Symantec web site and purchased the new version online . After a successful download , I proceeded to install the product , only to have it cough up an error message halfway through the process . Strangely enough , the progress bar on the install began to go backwards and then submit a pop-up message directing me to click a link and follow the instructions within . Unfortunately , all my files on my system turned into dead links with a . lnk extension and would not open , including the message itself . I could not even open up the control panel , and the process of booting into safe mode and other failsafe methods proved futile . I did open up my administration error logs and found that this accursed product from hell tampered with my registry , particularly the class root portion that controls the file extension , and that the explorer.exe shell related to this situation was also disabled.Notwithstanding , I had to completely reinstall Windows XP from scratch.So far I have received a credit for the download fee but not for the disastrous product itself after filling out a letter of destruction form ; a refund request takes 7 to 10 business days , but that time allotment is about to expire , and I will raise holy hell if my refund goes undelivered.The `` customer support '' seems well hidden behind a shroud of links that do not lead to an actual service tech . I wonder why?Just for the record , avoid this bloated , ineffectual piece of garbage with all costs . Go with a freebie like AVG7 combined with Ad-Aware , Zone Alarm , and other tools , which defeat the purpose of being taken for a ride by the likes of this company ...
 I specifically purchased this product so I could compare translations and versions of the same verse . I was hoping for something similar to a parallel Bible . Unfortunately , I had an incredibly hard time trying to figure out how to get different versions to show up . It just does n't work .
 This is useless with Windows 7 which runs on 64 bit . Viewers should be advised on ALL programs if they can be used on 64 bit operating systems . So , I wasted my money and wo n't get it back because I opened the package . The only requirements shown for this program is you need a CD drive thus leaving one to think it will work in any computer . Ok , you got me but never again . I wo n't risk saying what I 'm really want to say . Just beware before buying -LRB- if you can -RRB- .
 I really tried to give this software a chance , but it simply does n't work.During installation it told me I would n't need the CD if I copied a folder to the hard disk . It did n't tell me where so i just put it in the program folder.Once I tried to use the software it made me go online for a registration code which ended up in gmail 's spam folder.When I actually tried to use the software -LRB- on windows xp -RRB- it would get stuck after about 3 minutes of use and often not display the word i was supposed to translate or say a different word than the one I was on.Even if it were n't so buggy that it could be useful , it is about as basic and bone dry as a language teaching software could get . Which is unfortunate , because it does at least have a reasonable amount of content . It 's a pity you ca n't access it , however.Overall , a real disappointment .
 This software did not work properly , and technical assistance was not available . However , the seller did eventually refund the purchase price .
 I 'm another unhappy user of this program . It 's Feb. 12th and I 've been done my return for close to 2 weeks now . I 'm still waiting for the Charitable Contributions Update . I switched from TurboTax because of Intiut 's bundling of Spyware in last years edition . But at least they released a finished product . I feel like I wasted $ 40 on this.Even the State was delayed . I bought the download on the TaxCut website and did n't receive confirmation that the download was available until this morning . Back to TurboTax next year ...
 I used H&R Block TaxCut for 2002 for Mac OS and it was really bad ... buttons did n't work , the update feature did n't work for California state , things did n't print correctly . It was very , very lame . I swore I 'd never use it again ... but then Intuit managed to become even more arrogant last year -LRB- I forget what they did THIS time -RRB- and I got fed up with their taking Mac users for granted . So , based on some decent reviews here for TaxCut for 2004 -LRB- I saw these reviews about a month or so ago -RRB- , I decided to give it one last try . Well , `` last try '' is right . This program just does n't cut it , especially not for something as sensitive as doing one 's taxes . The 2004 version is better than the 2002 , at least -LRB- small compliment -RRB- but TurboTax is still far and away smoother , less buggy , clearer , and much better at giving you a sense that it 's not bolloxing your taxes up . Examples
 I 've used TaxCut for several years -LRB- and MacInTax before that -RRB- . Although there have always been glitches , this year was total meltdown . The Federal worked okay , but then I downloaded the State -LRB- MA -RRB- per the instructions and installed it . Some items did n't transfer correctly from Federal to State , and when I went to print , the entire return -LRB- federal and state -RRB- was wiped out on the drive . I tried to restart TaxCut , only to be faced with a blank form and a corrupted interface . I sent an email to the support desk per their instructions . Have n't heard anything back except for a request asking me to fill out a survey about my experience of their customer support . I 'll wait until I actual experience their customer support before doing so.As a former believer , I am probably feeling a bit betrayed . Nevertheless , save your money on this one , folks . Even with the rebate , it simply ai n't worth the aggravation or poor support .
 I bought TaxCut for the Mac based on reviews on this site . I am one of those people who do their taxes right away - and what did I get for my efforts ? The software informs me that a necessary update wo n't be ready until mid-February . And it does not allow you to file until you update . I even tried to eliminate my charitable contributions -LRB- which is what the update said it was waiting for -RRB- and it STILL would n't let me send it.In addition , TaxCut for State -LRB- Illinois -RRB- was suppose to be available for download 1/28 . It is now the 2nd of February and I am still waiting . I tried talking to two separate people via their live Help on their website , but neither of them knew when the update or the state would be released.I would stick to any of the free online tax sites that the IRS suggests on their web site , or head on over to TurboTax.Very disappointing .
 Most reviews I have read say that this is the best tax software for the Macintosh . That is a very sad state of affairs .
 2 years ago I switched to Taxcut from Turbotax because of the Spyware crashes Turbotax caused . Taxcut for Windows worked very well & I had little or no difficulty in Tax preparation . This year I switched to Mac Powerbook G4 OSX 10.8 . Chaos reigns - can not import Taxcut Windows data to Mac - Their instructions for earlier Macs OS Call for help to Taxcut got me a survey but no response to my questions . further , I have been unable to resolve a over 6000 lb Vehicle depreciation issue when program automatically cks box as a Auto -LRB- This ck can not be deleted -RRB- On Line help is no help & update download with help is approx 15 MB as I am on dial up , I need to find a better way to download.Menu is somewhat confusing as far as retrieving forms etc.Guess I will have EAT CROW & revisit TurboTax if I want to file an accurate return .
 I 've been a long time TurboTax -LRB- also Macintax -RRB- user but switched to TaxCut last year . Importing the data went well -LRB- from a PC TurboTax data file -RRB- . But I ran into some very annoying problems with TaxCut . 1 -RRB- I had lots of stocks to enter last year and TaxCut screwed up after entering about 10 stocks . I had to redo and reenter those that it messed up -LRB- and this was repeatable as I had two returns that I had to enter that many stocks -RRB- . 2 -RRB- printing was poorly supported and printed returns showed page creep -LRB- one page runs just over one page and after about 10 pages it 's really off and the print only has half a page with the other half on started on the next page -RRB- . I filed electronically but print a copy for my records and that copy is less than desirable . 3 -RRB- TaxCut did n't support the Mac OS X * standard * `` Save to PDF '' . 4 -RRB- tech support was n't helpful on the printing issue or the stock data entry stuff.I 'm switching back to TurboTax this year -LRB- and doubt I 'd switch again in the future -RRB- . I was pretty happy with TurboTax -LRB- on the PC -RRB- but thought I 'd try TaxCut since it was a little cheaper and I had n't used TurboTax on Mac OS X in the past -LRB- so either would have been the first time on the Mac -RRB- . Also , TurboTax -LRB- this year -RRB- seems to have a dual platform release with both Windows and Mac OS X on the same CDROM ! -LRB- i.e. no more `` tax '' , aka extra money charged for the Mac version as they have done in the past !! -RRB- .
 This software is a mess ! By the third lesson you are asked to fill in missing words of a sentence but have been taught no vocabulary . Avoid this product unless you already have a basic concept of the language .
 I wish I would have read the reviews on this product before purchasing it . I would have saved my money . These `` instant immersion '' CDs have you attempting to respond to conversations and place words in correct grammatical order without ever giving you the translation . You do n't even find out where the glossary/dictionary is kept until you are well into the first hour of lessons.Worst of all , there are glitches in the software that cause it to create nonsense words . This is especially evident in the dictionary and the crossword puzzle.What good is language learning software that creates nonsense words , I ask you ? Honestly , this program is worthless .
 Stay away from this product . Besides the software setup being very confusing , the lessons themselves do n't seem to be organized properly . A good language software should build the next lesson based on the previous knowledge . However , this one did n't seem like that , it would throw new grammar , vocabulary without ever introducing it before ; I found this very confusing , had to click on the dictionary button constantly to figure out the exercise . Because I had some background in Italian before , I was OK for the first few lessons , then I was completely lost . I ca n't imagine anyone with zero background learning anything from this software . Unless you are trying brush up on what you once knew , I would n't recommend it .
 The first 3 cds are audio only and there is no book to go with it ... . The computer part -LRB- tell me more -RRB- starts off with hard vocabulary and it 's terribly confusing unless you already know italien ... . HORRIBLE -- do n't waste your money !
 The only review that is not 1-star was written by someone who also wrote 5-star reviews for 5 other `` Total Immersion '' programs . Kinda makes you wonder if he/she works for the company that produced the program .
 This software is completely useless unless you already have some background in the language ! I have tried so hard on multiple occasions to use this software thinking that if I just keep going I will start learning . NOT !!! I am so confused so fast that I get frustrated and give up ! Within minutes it wants you to be able to fill in blank sentences and crossword puzzles when you have no clue of any vocabulary !! There are word associations but it does not tell you anything about the words at all , it just wants you to match them . I end up just guessing over and over until it tells me I have it right.Now I am reading a great book on Italian and am looking for some new software . I 'm hoping that once I start learning the language I can go back to this software and it will be really great .
 I completely agree with the other reviewers.Here is an example of an exercise in this software : Here is a screen with a bunch of Italian words that we 've never explained to you and you ca n't look up anywhere in this software , now associate them.Um , how about if you explain those words first?Also , in the few places that there are translations , they 're not even conjugated . For example , if it shows `` he is '' on the screen , the tool tip translation is `` to be '' , not `` he is '' . How is that helpful for a beginner?The software itself is also written very poorly and clearly has not been updated in years . If it took the developer more than a week to write it , I 'd be amazed . The help does n't even have an index or search capabilities.Total garbage !
 Listen to these reviews , because everyone is correct . DO NOT buy this product if you know no italian whatsoever . This product is only good for people who have previously studied italian for a few years and want to brush up on it . I took one semester of italian in college and although i know some basic words , this program is still difficult for me , because you are asked to complete activities , like filling in sentences , without having learned any vocab . I should have listened to these reviews in the first place and spent extra money on the Rosetta Stone program , at least people were happy with it .
 I purchased this with high expectation but was disappointed from the beginning . I found this software to be extremely confusing and not at all helpful.First of all , the set-up is not very good . The lessons are broken up into individual lessons and there are probably 15 lessons per `` section '' -LRB- date and time , etc. -RRB- on each cd -LRB- there are 5 -RRB- The lessons are listed on a Progress Chart -LRB- grid-like chart -RRB- and its hard to keep track of what lessons were actually completed . Boxes that represent each lesson will be shaded in depending on how complete that particular lesson is . If you do n't finish a lesson and click on it again , you will have to complete the whole lesson instead of just finishing where you left off.Second is the lessons themselves . Its very hard to learn a new language when the lessons are basically various formats of lessons that throw phrases at you and expect you to figure them out . For instance , several of the lessons involve putting a mixed-up sentence -LRB- in Italian -RRB- into its correct format or matching an Italian word with its Italian synonym . Others involve crossword puzzles . These are all in Italian . If you do n't know basic Italian , its very hard to figure them out . For a beginner this just does n't work very well . I had no idea what these words meant to begin with , let alone try to figure out how to put them into correct sentence format and actually learn anything besides frustration!Lastly , my help button feature did n't work . I could n't ask for help if I wanted to . The software did n't include any instructions so lack of help was a definite issue.Overall , I believe that the software is very confusing and did n't help at all with my learning the language . This software may be fine for an intermediate or advanced `` student '' but for a beginner very new to the language it just does n't work .
 I wish I read the reviews because they are right , this product sucks ! If you do n't know any Italian or even a little , this product is useless . It is more like a word activity software , but oh yeah , you have to understand the language to use it . I do n't think they have any English in there , so you ca n't really learn what is going on . If I were you , I would not buy this software if you want to learn the language ! Do n't waste your money .
 I was really excited to get started in my quest for a second language , but this software really put a damper on that . I thought I was missing something , that there HAD to be more translations somewhere , but after reading all of these reviews , I see that most people are having the same problems . I know ZERO Italian , and it 's obvious that this program assumes that is not the case . It seems to me that it is assumed you are quite fluent in the language and are only trying to brush it up a little bit . On top of that the software is really hard to get through . I 'm sure eventually that part would get easier , but I 'm not going to put any more time into this one .
 A lot of mistakes in the CD 's . Not consistent how the learning is done . Would not pay for the product -LRB- group again -RRB-
 I purchased this software on the premise that it was for `` beginners '' as the box had indicated . There are no basic fundamentals at all for someone new to the language , it throws you right into complex phrases as their starting point . No basic numbers , greetings , phrases , or anything . I did not bother to explore any further because if I can not say `` hello '' how on earth am I supposed to learn `` Do you have any grandchildren '' as my first phrase ? The interface is horribly designed as well . My advice is to save your money and keep looking . However , if you are familiar with the language already and need a refresher or advanced topics , then this may be for you . Otherwise avoid it and look for a true beginner program .
 I bought this product thinking I could , as a beginner , learn to speak German . Ha , was I wrong . Maybe if I had had a year of German in school I would have found this useful . If you are a true beginner with no knowledge of the German language then this product is not for you ; it is missing the basic fundamentals needed for a beginner . If you have a year or so of traditional German you might find it helpful , at least you have the absolute basics to work with . Beginners beware .
 This is one of the worst language programs I have used . The user interface is terrible and there is almost no help available . The help icon is there but is disabled most of the time . The exercises are hard to decode -- you can never tell what you need to accomplish . And the help -LRB- the few times the icon is enabled -RRB- is very generic and almost never applies to what you are doing . Do n't let the number of discs fool you -- everything could have fit on a single disc.Save your money and keep looking .
 I do n't know . Somehow being able to identify the flags of various countriesDoes not seem like the the mostImmersive method to learn a language . I tossed theProduct in the trash after 3 minutes of using it . Really a huge waste of time . Also found the first cd to be incomprehensible . Page after page of justifying what each aspect of the course is used for . Do they really think people are going to spend hours of reading before they learn one word ?
 For starters , all the content offered would have easily fit on a single CD-ROM , so their offering so many disks reminds of bogus language courses from the past which had 30 or so cassettes or videocassetes , each with about 10 minutes or so of playback . Each area of the course is essentially worthless . To just describe one disk , the vocabulary disk has about 2,000 or so words almost randomly chosen . Very few of the essential words of the language appear , and instead hundreds of terms deal with country names and things you do n't need to know your first days , such as cufflinks and redcurrant.It is true that pictures and videos help remember words , but the images are thoroughly depressing and pathetic on many ocassions . For example , the woman in the `` kiss '' term looks like she is doing so forcibly , and in general any picture or video -LRB- one in about 30 definitions has a 2 or 3 second video -RRB- in which people of any age appear seem to either have a great dislike for the photographer , or for life in general . It is rather disturbing to see such suffering when one is trying to learn a new language.The other disks are even more worthless , and everything has a depressing quality to it . Needless to say , I sent it back , and will instead try another product . I recommend staying far away from this one !
 Voice is ok . But control tags to insert pauses in text do n't work , even when you follow the documentation 's simple recommendations . Nobody at the company is monitoring or responding to their website support email . Not hooked on Fonix here .
 This program is very frustrating and support is even worse . First of all it 's huge . It takes around a gigabite of hard drive space to install . The program opens with the default voice -LRB- Mike -RRB- who sounds robot like and choppy . When trying to choose an optional voice , the program crashes every time . Then it will not open again till I reboot my computer . The manual is one 8 x10 sheet of paper . My Tech Support emails have been completely ignored , and no human phone contact is possible . The troubleshooting website was just as useless . There are better choices.I have tried a few demo downloads from other Text to Voice programs that all worked very well . I 'm sorry I did n't choose one of them vs iSpeak .
 I bought this used so I did n't loose too much . But after discovering it 's bugs and spending time to train the speech to say ms-dos and not Missisippi duce , it all came down to trying another software . I 've tried this one Windows Me and XP both would same issue with the software staying minimized on the task bar . I was unable restore to maximized position on the screen . Buyer beware .
 The software is not for beginners . Even the first lessons assume that that the user is knowledgable in written as well as spoken english . We bought this for someone who does not speak english at all and it is absolutley no good for her . Also , the inerface is complicated and clumsy . I do not recommend this item for beginners or anyone else .
 I ordered this product in hope of a good program that would help me learn Japanese . I instead was found with a program that , instead of teaching , sent me more on my own to learn . Its a lot like going to a book shop and buying a Japanese dictionary.Though the program has a lot of information , it does n't give a good guide to show you where to start . There was n't even an instruction manual packaged with the software . I would recommend another product because I am very displeased with how this one is performing .
 This product is garbage ... My mother is a native Japanese speaker , and I 've taken two years of Japanese , so trust me and stay away from this product , as it does not address very important aspects of Japanese grammar which should be learned immediately upon an introduction to the language . Also , take note of all of JP26 's -LRB- the aforementioned reviewer 's -RRB- reviews ... all of them are for Topics Entertainment products . I think that it would be safe to assume that JP26 is somewhat biased . : -RRB-
 If you buy this product expecting it to teach you Japanese , you 'll be extremely disappointed . It is a bunch of drills and exercises , but with no curriculum . Without a curriculum , it 's impossible for a beginner to go through the drills with a clue as to what 's going on . It 's like taking a Japanese test without being taught any Japanese beforehand . Some of the drills , like voice recognition to test your pronunciation , are worthless gimmicks.The software itself is also poorly documented and when you load it up , you 'll be wondering what it is you 're supposed to do . I 'm not sure who the target audience for this software product is . If you do n't know much Japanese , you wo n't be able to use it . If you already know what the software requires you to know before you use it , you probably will be advanced enough to not need it .
 I have tried many different language programs and this is by far the worst . I could n't even figure out how to use the thing . I really that learning a new language is n't easy , but this is by no means the proper way to go about it . The software is confusing , there is no reference book , and it is definately not for beginners . Stay away from this program .
 Probably one of the worst pieces of boxed software I 've seen . I 've been learning Japanese on my own for 6 months and would really like some software to help me drill and provide some structure . This is not it . No manual , the microphone works on one computer but not on another , you need to have the CD in the drive -LRB- no way to install completely to disk -RRB- , voice recognition is terrible , etc. . Spend money on something else .
 The only thing good about this software is that it can be held up as an example of how not to design user interfaces and how not to teach a language.The user interfaces is slow , frustrating to use , non-intuitive , and looks like something you 'd expect to see on an Apple II.The software itself consists mainly of drills with no teaching ... . which is essentially useless if you have no prior experience with the language . Forget learning grammar or anything with this crap.I 've gone with the Pimseleur Level 1 & 2 courses ... much more expensive but worth it .
 I bought this title just last night in the hopes of finding good software to help me learn japanese . Within about 5 minutes of installing it , I was ready to return it . It comes with no book , so I had to guess what all the CDs were first of all . After I figured that out , the program itself was confusing to navigate . What I discovered were a lot of weak looking drills that were basically for testing what I already knew about the japanese language . Unfortunately , what I know is NOTHING -- that 's why I bought the software in the first place !! I 'm assuming that the `` lesson '' portion of the program was to teach me , but seeing how nothing happened when I clicked it , that did n't really help ... -LRB- XP issue ? -RRB- . Hopefully BestBuy will let me return it even though I opened it ... I really want my money back . If you want to learn japanese , you 're probably better off getting a book instead . It may be harder , but at least you 'll learn more from that than this software .
 I came to this program with no experience with Japanese . For the longest time I thought I must be missing something . Where is step 1 . Every section seems to require prior knowledge.I was able to muddle through it , but I felt like it was fighting me rather than trying to help me . I want to spend my brainpower learning how to speak Japanese , not trying to understand this program and its contents . It did make good use of the PC to help teach me how to say things . But most of the time I had no idea what I was saying.The interface was cute and clever , but helped to obscure the functionality of the program not make things clearer.In the end I just googled some lessons and found it much easier going . I think it was a waste of money .
 I would never recommend this software to anyone who was actually interested in learning a language . They taught you the days of the week out of order ... numbers out of order ... it was a HUGE pain . I 'm just going to check out books and tapes from the library and learn the old fashion way . : -LRB-
 I made the mistake of asking someone to buy this software as a gift , since I really wanted to start learning Japanese . Nothing but problems . First , it seems more advanced , but that 's not it . It may seem advanced but it 's really only poorly designed and does not function properly.As someone has already mentioned , the lessons do n't work when you click on them . Also , there is no sense involved with the usability . Zero stars for ease of use.Instant Immersion Japanese Deluxe probably crushed my hopes of trying to learn Japanese . Stay away from this product at all costs , it is enirely misleading . I suggest you check around Amazon for books/software that really do help you , as I 'll be doing the same .
 The only redeeming item in this cd set is the Blackbelt software - a mahjong game that will allow you to memorize kana and some kanji . However , you can get this software independently from blackbeltlanguage . It seems that the company who made this product just put together a bunch of junk and packaged it as education software . The other CDs are absolutely worthless . You will not learn a thing from them .
 I have 3 computers at home , this game will not run on any of them . I have a high end Dell laptop , desktop , and an older dell desktop . Program crashes on all three . Buyer beware !
 I played this game on my friend 's PS2 a long time ago , and wanted to try it for myself . Unfortunately , the game wo n't even install . Says I do n't have a fast enough processor , even though it 's a core i5 at 2.5 ghz . Waste of my $ 10 .
 Avoid it , cant play it , cant find FAQ 's , ca n't get refund , its like disappointing a child and throwing away 10.00 all at the same time . Activision is listed on the manual but go to activision and it does not list it.Activision must have wanted to unload this before they had to support it .4 PC 's does n't work , activision should be ASHAMED of this product and issue a recall instead of just trying to hide it !
 Spongebob Battle For Bikini Bottom is a very good game , when it 's on consoles . The PC version is absolutely dreadful.Its storyline feels like a butchered version of the console version . It follows the same `` Plankton created a bunch of robots and you have to stop them '' plot but it 's way more two-dimensional . The graphics are horrendous . The characters have no facial expressions and they move very little . The dialogue is the only way to tell what 's happening most of the time.This game is little more than a bunch of poorly made mini-games stringed together . Most of the mini-games are uninspired and generic , and few have anything to do with the robots.This game might be an enjoyable little trinket for a young child who loves Spongebob . This game can be beaten in 1 to 3 hours easily , compared to the console version where it can take several days or even weeks . This game does however suffer from random difficulty spikes . Some mini-games are very easy while others are extremely hard to figure out or get through.The dialogue is funny and the scenes have that Spongebob flare but that ca n't save this game . I say , spend your money elsewhere .
 If you shop around for this game , you 'll notice that there is a PC , PS2 and XBOX version - the boxes are almost identical . The XBOX and PS2 versions are actual 3-D adventures where you get to control the various characters of Bikini Bottom with some mini-games added-in . The console versions of the game are pretty good . The PC version IS NOT ! It is basically a series of mind-numbing mini-games and 2-D platforming that tends to frustrate the kids more than anything else . My kids got tired of getting stuck and gave up.The funny part is that most XBOX and PS2 games are originally created with programming tools on the PC - so why create such a simplified uninteresting game for the PC user . Must have to do with licensing agreements so it wo n't compete with the consoles.I would avoid this game and let THQ know that they should create the same game for all the platforms they release it on -LRB- even if they need to charge the same price as the console version -RRB- !
 I purchased this game for me and my children and we did not find it fun at all . We 've enjoyed numerous platform games , but this one does not have much to offer . Monotonous and mundane ... I would look elsewhere for an enjoyable video game ... try simpsons hit and run ... spongebob `` battle '' is HORRIBLE !
 I bought this game for my little sister . She wanted me to install it so I did . Little did I know how bad of software this is . I consider myself a computer geek , I work on computers for my part time job , -LRB- I am a sophomore in High school -RRB- and this program gave me the most frustrations I have ever had with computers.I installed it on Windows ME . It said it had to reboot , so I let it . It took 60 minutes to reboot . And after it did , guess what ? It had deleted my sound card driver . Now to a regular computer user , you would have to take your computer in to a computer repair shop to fix this . But I was able to do this myself , and it still took me a half hour to do that . So I reinstalled the program , and the whole system crashed . It would load , but freeze up totally . I was ready break down and cry . But after several hours I was able to fix my system . I finally did get it to work , after several hours , and keep in mind that I am a computer geek . THQ made the worst software , Paris Hilton could write it better , and the way other people 's reviews sound , the games not that fun anyway.Bottom line - if this is a must have game -LRB- which I do n't know why it would be -RRB- buy a PS2 or game cube . Because if I did n't know as much about computers that I do , I would have had to bring my computer into the shop and spend several hundred dollars to get it fixed -LRB- PS2 's cost about $ 200 , a lot cheaper than what the shop would charge to get your computer fixed -RRB- Hope you find this helpful .
 Do n't know why they will not let you enter a review without at least one star ???? After reading the reviews I have changed my mind about buying the Battle For Bikini Bottom . I will take this off my wish list and look for something else for my 5 year old to play . Thanks reviewers .
 Spongebob Squarepants
 I do n't know why I gave it two stars . I guess I felt a little generous . I have been studying French for a little over 4 years and I wanted something really interactive . It 's semi-interactive but most of it is just a jumbled mess . The exercies do n't go together . There are no themes to choose from . It 's hard to learn any new vocabulary when it is all jumbled together . I would n't call this instant immersion . I would call it instant confusion .
 This is the worst software product that I 've ever owned , bar none !!! It has no systematic plan of instruction and it thrust the user into language tranlation situations right out of the chute , with out even the slightest preparation.As a primer it is totally worthless . It does n't begin with an overview of the alphbet , nor a review of basics of French grammar , nor does it deal with the elements of sentence structure . It jumps right into conversational translation without the least bit of preparation.If you are a beginner , steer clear of this product . It 's a waste of your time and your money . Never have I encountered a more frustrating software product . Were I the developer , I would not want my name associated with this product .
 It is an audio only cd with no visual . When learning a new language , I feel that visual is esential .
 WARNING
 I bought this game because my kids love the Fairly Odd Parents show . This game contains a bunch of arcarde-like challenges , such as navigating through Vicki 's nose . These were too hard for my 5 year old , and not very interesting for my 8 year old . There 's no strategy or thinking involved . If your kids are used to playing StarFlyers or ClueFinders , they 'll be completely bored with this game in 2 days . Do n't waste your money .
 It 's on sale for $ 15 and takes up 2.63 Megs of ram , what does that tell you ?
 I bought this game for my six year old . It contains stupid arcade type games . Though she loves the show , at six , my kid thinks it stinks too . What a waste . Marketing the Fairly Odd Parents characters makes Nickelodeon tons of money . They could/should do such a better job ! Shame on them !!!!
 This is not a very easy game for a 5 - 6 year old child . Total waste of money . Would not recommend .
 I am extremely dissapointed with this software ! It is DEFINATELY not for beginners !! You jump right into Spanish without `` learning '' anything . There are `` options '' to slow down speech but it does n't work ... when you click , nothing drags ... There are no instructions with this . It is difficult to figure out . And I 'm only on `` beginner 1 '' . I will never get through the next 7 cds . # 1 is very dissapointing . No instruction ... just exercises .
 I am good with languages -LRB- fortunatly -RRB- but this software I would NOT recommend unless you 're trying to brush up your already EXISTING skills . The Audio CD 's were great though ! I learned a lot from them . But they only give you 3 so you 're cut off once you learn how to conjugate regular verbs and about three irregular verbs .
 I bought this a couple years ago and never got around to using it . Today I installed it on my new Vista machine and it does n't run on Vista .
 I 'm the sort of the person who carefully reads all the negative-to-average reviews before buying anything online , so it 's hard for me to understand/remember why I bought this.I agree with some of the other negative reviews here
 I gave this a good try , but it did n't work for me . While flashy , the lessons were frustrating because they assumed I already knew vocabulary , sentence structure , and grammar . When I tried to find a way to learn the vocabulary directly , I could n't . I suppose this is the `` immersion '' technique . Personally , it felt like an exercise in futility . I would rather learn material , then work with it , instead of working with it on a basis of ignorance . With no options for straight-ahead memorization , and with the frustration factor too high , it was adios muchachos .
 Both my husband and I were very disappointed with this CD set . I would recommend that you avoid it all together . It was very difficult to navigate through and does not start out on a beginner level .
 This program is very difficult to use , as well as learn from . i 've taken 2 years of spanish , and found this program to be NOT useful at all for learning spanish , continuing to learn spanish or even as a fun program to brush up your spanish . The program itself is not intuitive , and there are no installation directions . My recommendation is to find something else or go to a class .
 An unorganized mashup of goofy games that do nothing but possibly slightly reinforce your existing knowledge of Spanish . I do n't see how they expect someone with no Spanish speaking ability to learn anything with these CDs.If you 're looking to learn Spanish , go elsewhere . Waste of money .
 i know no spanish even though my father is mexican . i bought this to help me learn ... wel i am almost through the first less ion and am having problums so its not really for beginers . it askes you to finish and questtion and place in the missing word and such but to say the sentence as fast as them and correctly is not possable if you dont know the language well enough so its crap . the idea behind it is good but how they go about teaching you is messed up .
 Instant Immersion Spanish Deluxe is an enigma . Clearly significant development effort was devoted to the original application framework . However , there are so many problems with the application in its current form , it appears that there were either two development groups -LRB- i.e. the company or the intellectual property was acquired -RRB- with a disjointed development process or the company ran out of money during the development process.While there are some gee wiz features , such an avatar that shows proper lip movements for various words , the program is very poorly designed . There is a calendar and task lists that supposedly coach the user through his or her progression . Yet the tasks jump around in difficultly without proper repetition and with no continuity between steps.Other problems include the fundamental content . In some of the question and answer modules , the pictures do not correspond to clear answers . In other words , there would be a very basic scene and three potential answers written in Spanish for which it is not clear , even with the English translations , what a `` correct '' answer would be.In summary , Instant Immersion Spanish has myriad content that should be displayed in a completely redesigned interface with improved progression of the material.Cons -LRB- notice how Cons comes before Pros -RRB- 1 -RRB- Hard to navigate2 -RRB- Material difficulty does n't follow a clear pattern3 -RRB- Oddly vague answers to specific questions4 -RRB- Ca n't copy the program to disk requiring the reliance on the five CDsPros1 -RRB- Good audio CD 's -LRB- three separate audio disks -RRB- 2 -RRB- Advanced content -LRB- mixing audio and video ; avatar -RRB-
 I agree with the person who wrote that this software presumes that you already know a good bit of Spanish . I have had 3 years of high school and 2 years of college Spanish and bought this product for review for my job . Believe me when I say this is NOT for a beginner . I found it difficult to start reviewing at the level they describe as beginner . The software is confusing to navigate even if you have a Spanish language background . You are definitely `` immersed '' in Spanish in this software , but the way it 's organized , being `` immersed '' is simply a euphemism for being totally lost . I suggest you go with a more `` beginner friendly '' program .
 As an educational software developer , I know `` good '' teaching software from bad . This product is not `` bad '' per se , but it 's not for the beginner . This product is good enough IF the user already has some familiarity with the language.I am a ground-zero Spanish student . I installed the software and started the program and was presented with a `` progress chart '' screen , which is a big grid with lesson numbers down the left side and corresponding activities across the top . That 's it . There was no verbal -LRB- or written -RRB- instruction about what to do at this point . Just this big grid staring at me . So I clicked on the first grid square -LRB- Lesson 1 's `` Dialog
 I have been listening to about 30 minutes to 1 hour of spanish -LRB- various adio CDs -RRB- every day for the last 2 weeks , I think I 've made a lot of progress with those and yet I ** REALLY ** struggled with this product . It says it is for beginners , intermediate & advanced ... BZZZZT - WRONG !! With the word association game , you basically have to GUESS what a word is -LSB- because when you hover the mouse over the word it wo n't reveal what it is -RSB- , either that or look it up . HOWEVER you ca n't refer to the glossary while doing the exercise . So it becomes a futile game of trial and error . : - -LRB- What good is a program that does n't teach you the words first ???!!! It 's extremely frustrating , to say the least.They would have been better off showing you the picture of the house , and saying
 I got this software with about 8 or 9 CDs.It has more bugs in it than in a ant colony . I am an IT person and have gone back and forth changing internal files . Some of the features just flat out do not work , like the help button.There are some others as well where there are supposed to be documents where they are not put in yet , although you can try to access them.I was also told to memorize every single phrase I see . That 's nuts . Also , I do not get the english translation to come up , it is another known bug.I got it at Sams Club for $ 30.00 . You get what you pay for I guess.If you know spanish already and want a review , I guess this can be helpful , but if you want to learn Spanish and spend hours conversing with tech support with all of it bugs , it stinks.Stay away and get one of the more expensive products if you are not already a spanish speaker . This is a waste of time and money.Jon
 I want a simple way to budget and track spending ... simpleThis can not be backed up without buying special software
 I have a laptop and a desktop and needed one place to enter my household expenses . I now use my bank of america site along with moneypants.com I also like reading the articles and encouragement i get from the newsletter . i like budgeting over the web better than using `` my budget planner . ''
 Here 's the deal . If you plan to make CDlabels that you will print just one time this is an ok way to get started . The problem for me was I bought the first version of Professinoal CD Label kit by GlobalStar software . I saved lots of CD lables for home moveis , Computer Install CD 's etc.Two major problems with the product
 I purchased Mathematica 5.2 and the Mathematica Link for Excel . I installed both and then started reading the user manual that accompanied the link for excel . First , I could n't find how to launch the Mathematica toolbar from within Excel . The manual directed me to a subdirectory that was supposed to be there as part of the installation , but it was n't . I finally found the source files and got the toolbar set up . Next , I went through the manual page by page doing all of the examples . The first few were simple math equations and all went well . When I got to the first graphics example , however , the product did not work . I typed everything very carefully but no graphical object appeared . Keep in mind that I 'm only on page 13 of manual here , so nothing complicated.I phone technical support at Mathematica and , sure enough , their software has the SAME problems . So we try to work through the issues , and finally my tech support person says that he has to go to a meeting . Wow . At this point I 'm terribly frustrated . I just wasted more than a half-hour with this guy and he has to go to a meeting ?? What kind of product service is this?I suggest you think strongly before buying this product if you 're going to need tech support .
 This product is not compatible at all with Macintosh ... actually if you go to the manufacturers website , it does not claim for this language/version to be Mac compatible , so the description on Amazon is incorrect . I also have a PC laptop so I kept the software . It has virtually no transliterated exercises/lessons on the cd . Some flash cards , but that 's it ... so if you ca n't read the Arabic script yet , this is useless . It has a text `` guide '' to script hidden in the reference menu but there are no exercises to familiarize yourself with it . If you do n't know how to translate what you are spelling yet in english letters , how are you supposed to read it in an entirely different script ? The audio CD would n't even download into my Mac version of iTunes to put on my iPod ... very frustrating . Do not recommend ...
 The translations are crude at best . While I did n't expect a perfect translation , I did expect the program to perform simple sentence structures . Fortunately , I know the language I was translating . If you 're looking to get a translation program that will give you the gist of what is said , then this is for you . If you 're looking for a translation program that will place nouns , verbs , adverbs , etc. in the correct order , then do n't waste your money unless you know the language and you have $ 45 to burn .
 The name really fooled me ! EASY TRANSLATOR . Maybe it is easy for computer programmers but it was n't to me , a neophyte . Using their help menu is very difficult due to it 's lack of a glossary and it 's treatise on `` how to '' . Their on-line help was also a great disappointment , in their eyes , maybe I should not be using a computer . I am well versed in AutoCad and Excel , but I did pay a little more for those programs . For the rest of the seniors , either go back to school or get a good language dictionary and do it the EASY way .
 The worse program that you can find If you think that this program help translating They are stealing your money 0 star .
 I had the opportunity of trying the software and found that this and other English to Spanish translating programs might look useful to those who have no knowledge of the Spanish language whatsoever . The translation of text was completely incorrect in all the cases I tried . Translation of single words may be correct , but then they should just make a bilingual dictionary in a CD-ROM at a lower price .
 I wanted to by this product but I am not sure if it only translate japanese words to english . Can it also translate english words or phrases to Japanese -LRB- romanji , kanji , hiragana , and katakana -RRB- ? Sincerely , Areeyah M. Castaneda
 Having an almost 3 year old and a just 5 year old girls in the house we are huge Dora fans -LRB- and Diego now -RRB- . We own each and every of the Dora PC games ... and most all other Dora merchandise . This new computer game is a huge disappointment . There is no education in this edu-tainment game . If I was using this on a $ 30 game boy advanced that would be one thing ... . the only thing the kids have to do is move the mouse one way or the other ... . no letters , colors , shapes -LRB- well just a couple -RRB- , numbers , categorizing , problem solving ... . nothing . We use a touch screen interface so it is a real waste for us . Even the last scene when you are supposed to help Dora do the same dance as the king to win the contest ... . the selection box to get the right body part is almost impossible ... . you try to press Dora 's hips , you get her arms ... . we are using this on a 19 '' screen and It was driving me -LRB- a very computer literate , mouse able adult -RRB- nuts . I think it quite lousy that this game was licensed to use Dora as the character . It is not at all in the spirit of the Nick Jr. show . Get the Dance to the Rescue DVD instead so your kids can dance along ... . this adaptation is pitiful . Trying to convert dancing to mouse clicks just does n't work ... especially for this young a user . If you need a Dora PC game then Fairy Tale Adventure is set up like a real adventure and has some good educational activities . Backpack Adventure and Lost City Adventure , though the layout and the use of Map is n't as good , are both still better choices than this latest release . My 5 year old was so excited . We had been waiting . She and I are both very bummed .
 I should have read the reviews before I purchased this item . There 's a lot of talking and very little for the kids to do but listen . Not Worth One Star , I 'd give it a minus 10 !
 Like other reviewers here , I also have two Dora fans , ages 4 and 2 . Our house is stocked with various Dora merchandise . This game was the most recent addition to our supply of kids computer games . Unfortunately , this game has proven to be the least creative and least educational -- rather boring for my 4 year old . She played the game one time only . The game involves making Dora learn new `` dances '' by moving the mouse up and down , side to side , or clicking . There are no real games or puzzles to solve , finding hidden objects , nor coloring like the other Dora games . My just turned 2 year old likes to watch the game -LRB- like watching a video -RRB- , but does not quite have the coordination to make Dora dance using the mouse . She ends up getting frustrated because although she can `` watch '' the game while Mom clicks , she wants to do it by herself and can not.I would recommend buying Dora 's Fairytale adventure game instead of this one -- it follows the storyline pretty well and has more activities for kids to do .
 This product promises more than it delivers . Although the description on Amazon does not claim incorrectly , if you go to their website it says that this will manage two high speed lines . Here is the problem :1 -RRB- It did not work with my cable modem which does n't make any sense . I did all the traditional obvious reboots on both units , changed cables , reconfigured everything , etc. . All to no avail , each time I plugged in my cable modem the firewall seemed to freeze . The lan side as well , so no ability to get into the configuration . My DSL line worked in either port , no problem . I got the cable modem working one time , but then I plugged the DSL line into the other port and it froze in a few minutes .2 -RRB- By the name it finds routes , it does not share your two lines so you get more speed out of them . I know this not because I ever got two lines working at once , but because when I poked around in the web configuration there was no screens for managing the line 's bandwidth . Only an option for failover.Overall - It did n't work for me . The price was steep and I was n't about to keep it . I sent it back and Amazon gracefully returned my money -LRB- minus shipping -RRB- . Lucky that I bought it from here and not some fly-by-night company who would have refused my return . I also did not like the web interface , it was confusing and the manual was no better.If all you want is a failover , you can get a Zyxel , some of their SOHO units will failover to a second router / high speed line and they are a lot better .
 This is very difficult to use - not ready out of the box - need to probably get other cords , etc. to connect to computer/speakers - more complicated than I was lead to believe
 This game is useless to me and my wife because she has Windows XP and I have 7 and it does n't work on either format . If someone knows how to update or make it compatible , let us know . We really want to use the game but ca n't at this time .
 Program would not load . Does not work with Vista operating system . This should be clear in any advertisement or promotion of the product . Needs to be updated for Vista program users .
 I originally bough this product for the web-publish feature in Aperture , but to my disappointment this feature is terrible slow if you have large files it could take hours to publish them to the web and It distorts your image size . Bottom line , do n't waste your money .
 I think the Aperture program is a bit confusing . It uploads double images of any photos taken vertically with the new duplicate image turned horizontally and I ca n't figure out how to delete the duplicate photos without going through and deleting each photo individually . I was just looking through the other peoples reviews and am pretty sure many of the glowing reviews are being made by people that are selling the product and/or own stock in Apple , which is understandable . If you hit the help button on Aperture it uploads a pdf of the instruction booklet which again is vague . I also do n't like that the program dredges up old photos from over a year ago that I thought I had deleted when it links itself with the iphoto library which takes a while for the computer to be able to update .
 After a long time using Photo Shop on my MacBook Pro , I was persuaded to buy and try Aperture 2 . After a week of using this product , I have encountered numerous problems , including
 And the quick answer is No . . Let me cut to the bone straight away - Aperture 1 * , 2.0 , * , 2.1 * simply destroy fine -LRB- est -RRB- detail of raw files during the demosaicing / raw processing stage !! I 've tested this with LC1 , L1 and Sony R1 raw images against FREE tool X . . I could not believe my eyes at 100 - 150 % - it was all so obvious . . Since , i have sold my 2 Mac books and have moved back to the hell of Window $ - the image processing quality being at the top of the list of this painful change . Tool X , obviously is Win only at this stage.There are other drawbacks in the Aperture 2 * release , like nthe organizing of everything in proprietary library , and not letting you work with the images where and how they are - being again at the top of the list . Here is where the pain of moving images from `` input to output folder ' comes from . . I can see now screaming posts `` THIS IS NOT IMAGE MANAGEMENT / ORGANISATION TOOL STUPID ! '' So , wtf must i go somewhere else , once my images are processed / final in A ???! How difficult is it to implement a ` Elements ' approach ? Sharpening - substandard . . Noise removal - if i had to use it - substandard . No true inclusion of 3rd party plugins , but simply a jump out to same . . Silver Efex Pro , painfully slow . . Every plugin i tested - painfully slowAwaiting rel 3 in order to run tests on new and preserved raw images , at this point i believe Apple have lost it and are continuously loosing share in the apps / image management arena
 i did receive the item quick I thought for the price I would get a new CD only to find the one sent scratched .
 Apple is selling what should have been a free update to iPhoto . Worse , it confuses iPhoto into creating multiple copies of each photo , and has a schizo stacking algorithm.The omissions are glaring.No duplicate finder , no layers , weak cropping and poor output controls.They have , however , jumped on the `` pug-in '' train to up-sell even more `` features '' which ought to come with a program like this.No where near as good as even Photoshop Elements , and even slower , even on fast hardware.Apple should go back to photography school .
 I am a semi-pro photographer -LRB- that means retired therefore taking on only the jobs I like -RRB- . I moved into MACs years ago because Photoshop works on a MAC , versus well , works somewhat on a PC . I have been very happy with MACs , and Photoshop , and iPhoto , so I wanted to stick with Apple products for the `` in between '' product that has the capability of keeping track of thousands upon thousands of photos.The first problem with Aperture 2 is two-fold . If you use it download automatically from your camera or card , I defy you to find where those photos are stored on your computer . It is like Aperture keeps them in a black hole somewhere , and they are now accessible only through Aperture . THis can be remedied only if you download into your own filing system directories and subdirectories then upload to Aperture , two steps not one.The next problem is Aperture crashes . When you go to use Aperture it crashes about 15 times before finally settling down top work right . This is downright poor software . What does Apple say ? They never heard of the problem , I 'm the first one . Yea , sure that 's why their chat room is loaded with the same complaint , and on there Apple says it is because of incompatible add-inns . Well , I have no add inns at all . This is about the only time I have ever seen Apple acting more like Microsoft.Third , I have Apple Care , and those folks are generally excellent and can solve any problem . So I called them . Their answer , Aperture is a `` professional product '' and they do not support it . Well , my answer is they sure did not have professionals writing the software.Not to be all negative , except for the above , when it finally decides to stop crashing , Aperture is one of the greatest applications ever for keeping track of your photos and doing some simple to medium editing . It will not replace Photoshop and is not intended to.One caution I had to learn the hard way , never , ever delete the master file . It will delete all those made from it .
 I asked for this program for a present from my children . I tried to put it to use as I am sure once you understand it , it is a good program . However , I continue to use Iphoto on my MAC and PhotoSuite 4 and 10 on my PC for in depth editing . Aperture is more complex and not as user friendly as I thought it would be . It set on the shelf .
 The product itself maybe good , I do n't know , because it would not work on my machine . Yes , I read the system requirements , but misunderstood them . I am not really a techie , so I thought it was going to work , but sadly when I tried to install it , I was greeted with an error message that said it would not work on my hardware . I called Apple and they confirmed this but said that their policy was to accept a return in the event of incompatibility , whether or not the package was opened . They assured me if I had purchased it from an Apple approved vendor , I could return it . Since I had ordered the product from Amazon , I did not anticipate a problem . However , that was not the case . The product did not come from Amazon , it came from another supplier who , by the way , was not an Apple approved vendor . Market Warehouse , Inc flatly refused to accept a return since I had opened the software and tried to install it . Who is left with software they can not use after spending $ 170.00 ? You guessed it , the consumer , in this case , me . The lesson here is to make absolutely sure any software will work before ordering it . For me , that would have required a phone call to Apple . Also , make sure you know who you are really doing business with . Amazon uses a lot of different suppliers some of whom , as in my case , are only interested in making a sale and do n't practice any kind of customer service at all . In my opinion , this reflects badly on Apple as well as Amazon . An unhappy customer is an unhappy customer and is bad for business in any kind of economic climate . I am unemployed and can not afford to spend ANY money on something I can not use .
 When I can make Aperture work , it does nice things with photos . However , it is unintuitive and that makes using it painstakingly slow . My biggest complaint comes from my inability to make Aperture stop building thumbnails . That really slows it down and makes it impossible to perform some operations .
 I purchased this version of the program , which is the previous one , to evaluate it and if I liked it , I would upgrade . Unfortunately the seller chose not to inform potential purchasers that this is some type of student version which can not be upgraded . Thanks for the deception .
 I thought I could run this on my Tower 1.25 GHz G4 because of this statement , `` 15 - or 17-inch PowerBook G4 with a 1.25 GHz or faster PowerPC G4 processor '' but as the statement says it has to be a PowerBook G4 ... Oh well ! ! !
 MAYBE it 's ME maybe I am stupid , but I really HATE this program . I am MUCH happier with iPhoto . It is a RAM hog . Do not plan on doing anything else while it is running . It starts itself and I cant stop it . When I plug in my video camera which uses a format it can not even use it boots up and asks me if I want to download NO FILE DETECTED . It annoys me and I want it DEAD . THe worse thing is I will probably upgrade to 3 and it will be WORSE . If you are a recent convert to MAC and kinda miss Windows I recommend this program .
 I bought Apterture to help manage and provide advanced editing to my photos . I am also a user of Adobe Photoshop CS3.Aperture 's Pluses : - larger database for photos than iphoto - slightly enhanced editing tools - better selection of online books to purchaseAperture 's Negatives : - Overly high system requirements when not necessary - Bloated and creates its own directory of photos -LRB- so it gets duplicates from iphotos -RRB- - what a waste of hard drive space - editing tools are not very good - Slow - Overall a major disappointmentIf you use iphoto , Aperture is a minor improvement . You get a larger index -LRB- where iphoto has a tendency to freak out at 5000 photos or so -RRB- . Editing tools are only marginally better . Nothing great . If you do editing - save the $ 200 and use it to buy Photoshop CS3.The only positive is that it has better ` photo books ' that you can purchase and are custom to Aperture - typical of Apple 's closed environment.This product is only 2 stars at best . Major disappointment .
 I was very happy with Aperture 2 and would have rated it 5 stars until it got corrupted while saving my 10,000 + photos to the vault which I do every week . There was no warning of a problem , it just crashed and has never worked since then . I have reinstalled it several times but with no luck . Where are all my photos ? Who knows . Apple is totally unresponsive to my queries . When it crashes it gives a series of error messages in the report to Apple that it automatically sends . Each time the report is a little different . So the problem appears to be a moving target . I would now rate it as one-star , but a tiny voice in my head still holds out for a fix . FYI , besides the main photo file , I have it backed up to 2 vaults on 2 different hard drives . Aperture will not start , let alone access any of the main files , or the vaults.A search of the Web shows that this problem is not unique to me .
 I had this item on my wish list , and before asking someone to plunk down their hard-earned cash for it , I decided to try the demo.I have a PowerMac , G5 , dual-core PowerPC wth 2 GB of RAM . It ran like dog meat on my machine , and I do n't consider my machine to be all that old.A quick google of Aperture 2 vs Lightroom 2 came up with an article by O'Reilly that confirmed what I was experiencing . Apparently , Apple decided to architect this software to require a fairly robust machine to run optimally . I would imagine it runs great on the newer Intel chip based machines , but on the PowerPC Macs , it is excruciatingly slow . I can only imagine that Apple will provide an update at some point to address this , but there is no guarantee that will happen.I run Final Cut Pro on my Mac , and it runs fine , which indicates to me that my machine should be perfectly capable of running photograph editing software.I was very disappointed about this . I really like the feature-set of Aperture and was looking forward to having it as an additional tool for my fledgling photography business . I 'm now running the Lightroom 2 demo , and it is significantly faster then Aperture 2.1 . It is not lightening fast , but it is fast enough to be usable . I 'm becoming familiar with its interface and available features , and I 'm finding it does a good job meeting my expectations.However , do n't let any marketing videos or flash demos fool you , so far , I have n't seen any photo management software for Macs of my vintage that run as fast and efficiently as advertised , and that includes Lightroom . I 'll probably ask for Lightroom , but I would have preferred Aperture had it run efficiently.Apple , if you 're reading these reviews , I think you 're architecting yourself out of this market and alienating existing customers by selling a product that is clearly not usable on relatively recent equipment . The very least you could have done was make a strong recommendation for a new , fast Mac to run this software properly . At least you offer a free 30-day demo , but the fact is , this product should not be marketed to customers with older Macs.If this trend continues , I will probably be forced to abandon the Mac platform . I simply can not afford to replace $ 3 to $ 5,000 machines every 3 to 4 years simply because software vendors abandon the existing user base . I can understand Apple 's motivation behind this -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- , but even Adobe 's product could run better on my machine . After all , it 's just a photo management product , and if Photoshop Elements 4 can run lightening fast on my Mac , I do n't see why Lightroom ca n't . Maybe if they did away with all the fancy user interface graphics and unnecessary eye candy , it might run better on older , but relatively new machines .
 I strongly advise anyone considering buying this product to save your money and buy Adobe Photoshop CS3 , Lightroom , Corel or Nikon Capture NX . I had used Aperture 1.5 and upgraded to Aperture 2.0 and then 2.1 . I run a G5 MAC with the Leopard OS . The Aperture program crashes repeatedly , loses projects and will corrupt your images . I used it to process upwards of a thousand photos at a time for sports professionally and had constant problems . Despite submitting over 2 Dz . crash reports and over 1 Dz feedback reports I received no response . Apple 's published policy is they will not respond to these reports . They also do not provide any direct email support or phone support for this product . They will advise you to join the Aperture forum for submission of questions , tips and answers by other users . I highly advise you to read the forum entries before buying . They are filled with other dissatisfied users like myself that have faulty bug ridden Aperture software and problems that are not being solved by Apple ! And beware any advise given on how to resolve problems does not come from Apple trained and software certified professionals ! Anyone can claim to be an expert and submit solutions that may cause your system more damage that Apple will not assume any liability for ! I now rely on Adobe and Nikon software because these companies care about you , the consumer . They will answer your questions and they make available email and phone numbers for questions and inquires . Nikon even ran my images and files through their lab to resolve an issue with their software and gave me prompt and accurate responses !
 I bought this 3 years ago and did my first Amazon review on it . It was because of this product that I came up with my Amazon handle because I thought I was a mushmouth because of the way that it would transcribe my spoken words into written words that were far from what I said . For some reason my original review has been deleted .
 First and foremost you need to know my background . I 'm an Illustrator and I 've been working with color and images a very long time . I 'm also extremely adept at computers having my A + , Network + , MCSE , MCSA and CCNA certifications . I 've always relied on Adobe Gammma to do the job but my Dell 5100 Laptop needed a lot of help.Ok , so I 've been trying to get my color calibrated correctly for a while now . The main problem has been my Dell 5100 Laptop showing colors a tad bit too dark . So I went out and bought this Spyder with PhotoCal software.Installation was a breeze . The software booted up great onto Windows Xp Pro and Home and it instantly recognized the Colorimeter tool -LRB- the plastic attachment that measures the color on your screen -RRB- . The calibration is only Wizard-based -LRB- which kinda sucked -RRB- . It guides you step-by-step with the following questions ... 1 -RRB- Is this a CRT or LCD2 -RRB- Would you like 1.8 or 2.2 Gamma ? 3 -RRB- Would you like 5000 or 6500 color temperature .4 -RRB- Can you adjust the color settings ? Yes , No and Presets are options.If you select No , then it starts the calibration immediately by scanning all gradations of RGB , White , Black and Grey.If you select Yes , then it quickly scans normal RGB and then asks you to adjust the colors through your monitor until they all meet inside a thin rectangular box -LRB- I thought the calibrator was supposed to do this ! -RRB- . Once you calilbrate your own monitor , it starts running through all the gradations of RGB , White Grey and Black as mentioned above.Finally ... it asks you to save your ICC profile and it creates a nifty Startup program similar to Adobe Gamma that boots with Windows.First was my 19 '' Dell 1901FP LCD monitor . Color on this monitor is quite nice but I decided to give it a go and test it out anyways . I deleted Adobe Gamma from my startup folder and away we went.Once done , I was somewhat happy . The white , however , seemed rather blueish . All the other colors seemed ok . I was semi-content and moved on to my notebook . This was trickier since I ca n't adjust color settings and I had to completely rely on the Spyder to do the job . It finished and looked semi-decent . So being in a hurry I packed everything away and left to work.At work ... things got bad quick . I booted up my Dell 5100 Laptop and immediately noticed the colors were quite dark . As a matter of fact , my gamma was screwed . I was looking at a photo and I could n't differentiate the blacks from the midtones . It was just a congestion of really dark mids and highlight.So I did some research and found out I was supposed to calibrate without any ambient light sources . This was buried in the PhotoCal CD and was never mentioned in the Wizard . At the time I had daylight and tungsten lights -LRB- Reveal lightbulbs -RRB- so I guessed that 's what I did wrong . So tonight , in complete and total darkness I once again calibrated both the LCD and Notebook monitor and I achieved the same results . The notebook was deathly dark and although the colors were much better off , I simply could n't adjust the gamma . The whites on the Dell 1901FP 19 '' display were still blue-toned . This product did not calibrate my Notebook as promised and it left my LCD 's colors questionable . In my line of work , there ca n't be any questions . This product is going back .
 Our company had been using ACT since version 2.1 , and we still have the big red box with those floppies in it . And after three months of working with ACT 6.0 and the two patches released since launch , we 've started to wonder if dusting off those old 80286 machines which once ran ACT 2.1 might be a safer idea . To summarize our experience
 Act 6.0 incorporates a number of changes to make it more like Outlook , but nothing for users interested in real customer relationship functionality . There is no way to track competitors , no way to modify the screen for opportunities , no ability to track accounts -LRB- group is a klutzy workaround -RRB- . In short those users who hoped that a little of the Saleslogix capability wwould trickle down into this new version of Act will be sorely disappointed . I learned from a dealer that Microsoft 's new product will offer all these features , but it is n't due out until later this year . I 'm eager to make a switch then !
 I 've used act for over 10 years , and am so disappointed that I am looking for another contact manager ... probably goldmine . The upgrade really did n't offer many additional benefits but caused many problems with report templates . Tech support only wants to charge you for a problem created by them to begin with . It is a shame to see what was a good program being fumbled by a company such as Interact . This upgrade seems to be about them generating fees for tech support calls . Save your money on the upgrade !
 I work in public relations , and have been using ACT 2000 very successfully for a while to send out mail merge press releases . The new mail merge features in ACT 6.0 only allow graphical email documents to be sent out using a merge . A very large file -LRB- the last one page press release with nothing but text I sent was 6.37 MB -RRB- is attached to the document . Many newspapers I send information to are not even allowed to open mail that has attachments , and many will not accept mail that large . So the new version is useless to me . If there is a way around it , I ca n't find it , and of course ACT 's support is legendarily non-existent . There is no free technical support at all , and their so-called knowledge base fails me most of the time .
 I am a 10 year user of ACT and waited 3 years for the latest version . The Outlook integration is poor at best . If you want a simple company logo in your signature forget it . I messed around for 2 days even writing my own HTML code to do it but it does n't work . It does n't even support different font styles when integrated with Outlook . SAVE YOUR MONEY . When looking up email addresses it takes forever and I am running the latest laptop . The sales forecasting has no improvements and not very customizable . What have they been doing for 3 years the new features are of a point release caliber ? Also you ca n't use MS Word anymore for your email editor .1 step forward and 3 steps backwards .
 A longtime ACT fan , I upgraded to 6.0 for the email integration and library tab . They do n't work unless I turn off scripting protection in Norton AntiVirus - tedious at best and I 'm unwilling to leave it turned off . The ACT for Palm feature , the other item that sold me , is very limited - for example shows me only the primary contact for a given company.The real problem is the bugs . It causes unrelenting problems on my XP system . I have 1 GB of RAM and a 2.8 processor ! Yet somehow it manages to cause memory shortages and locks up regularly . I 've almost stopped using it because it 's as much an annoyance as help . I 've never had a software program that I evaluate before launching
 As a long time user of ACT ! , we were enticed to do the 6.0 upgrade to finally get a useable integrated e-mail capability . Interestingly enough , the e-mail piece is the only real upgrade worth noting in 6.0 ... what a shame that it stinks ! At least the old 5.0 e-mail module worked , although primative . 6.0 e-mail is buggy , crashes the computers , is a resource hog , slow , in fact , there is nothing good to say about it , even the html capability does n't work . In my view I 'd go back to 5.0 in a heartbeat . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I administer and use ACT at our 10 employee company . They used ACT before I came to the company so I am not to blame for choosing it as a solution . The program is built from Access so if you might be better off just going with that program . There is a steeper learning curve but you will not be slowed down by features you wont use.ACT does provide features you might want connected to your contact DB , like email and sales tools . If you choose to go with this almost turnkey solution understand that the program will probably lock up regularly if more than one user connects to it . And it is slow . But I would recommend for a single user without database experience .
 As a long time user of ACT ! , we were enticed to do the 6.0 upgrade to finally get a useable integrated e-mail capability . Interestingly enough , the e-mail piece is the only real upgrade worth noting in 6.0 ... what a shame that it stinks ! At least the old 5.0 e-mail module worked , although primative . 6.0 e-mail is buggy , crashes the computers , is a resource hog , slow , in fact , there is nothing good to say about it , even the html capability does n't work . In my view I 'd go back to 5.0 in a heartbeat . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I bought Act 6.0 for my new computer . I 've been using this version of Act since 2004 and love it . I once upgraded to Act 7 and hated it and went back to 6.0 . Unfortunately , Act 6.0 is a 16 bit product which wo n't work in a 64 bit system . So my purchase was for nothing and it was n't the fault of the guy who sold it to me , so I 'm eating the $ 55 it cost me . Lesson learned
 I switched from a Mac as my main platform a couple of years ago , and had to abandon InTouch and NowContact . For a while I used an Excel spreadsheet and AOL 's address book , but decided to buy ACT as it seemed to be the Windows leader . I use a laptop and desktop , and have been disappointed by the cumbersome interface , data synchronization , need for two copies of Act for two computers -LRB- when I obviously never use both at the same time - note Intuit 's response to this issue -RRB- , and lack of integration with AOl mail . My guess is that I will never fully implement ACT .
 ... your system `` has ESS voice sound card installed . This is caused by the BitWare opens the TAPI device when the module is loading as service . The TAPI wave drive confilts with the sound wave driver '' . some words from Dominic , Techical Support Specialist , Communication Division ACCPAC International Inc.She told me some ways to solve the problem . I tried them without success . I replied her but since then , I 've never received an answer any more . I 've just given up . Since December I am still looking for a voice , fax , phone software for more than one modem , compatible with Windows 2000 and , of course , `` compatible with my system '' .
 Bitware is a waste of money - I received my first version -LRB- Cheyenne -RRB- with my modem several years ago and it worked very well . After Accpac took over - and `` upgraded '' I have not been able to get it to work correctly . Technical support is a joke and their customer service is poor . I was told it worked with XP so they were more than happy to sell it to me but once I notified them that it would n't work they offered several excuses blaming my modem -LRB- even though my new modem came with the software ?? -RRB- Save your money - check on Venta Fax & Voice , a much better product . Needless to say , I will never use their product again .
 Your download stinks . I purchased a download that said I could get the program within 30 min , , , , , , , , , , , , NOT ... I ca n't get the program I purchased and you wo n't answer my email attempts to contact you . I give your service a negative 3 1/2 stars and will not use your service again !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Do n't buy this product . It is advertised as being able to handle multiple phone lines using a separate modem for each line . Technically that is correct , but the software is unable to identify which phone line is calling and dumps the caller into a mailbox selection routine.I wanted to use the software for my two phone lines , one for personal callers , one for my business . When it answers a call , the voicemail asks : if you are business caller select mailbox 1 , if you are a personal caller select mailbox 2 . For any kind of serious business this is no use.The product literature and tech support describe this software as suitable for small office/home office . This software is obviously not suited for either of these enviroments.When I contacted tech support , and asked if this product will answer multiple telephone lines independantly , they said I need their professional Bitware software ... Do n't buy this software it does n't perform as advertised .
 Do n't buy this software.I upgraded from the Windows 95 looking version 3.3 and the software is n't able to tape the messages.The support ? Always modem 's drivers fault.Note that the previous version was working with the same drivers and same configuration !! Simply ... ridicolous !
 Warning
 10,000 bucks for fonts ... wow ... You can download fonts online anywhere for free , you can make your own , and if you really need a professional font for a web page or something just buy that font for -LSB- a lot less money -RSB- online ... I just wanted to share my $ .02
 Called to get a refund and they simply blew us off.Didn ' t want to work with us at all.DO NOT RECOMMEND.Had they just talked to us a little more or even provided a suggestion we would have been very willing to work them . Now we have this product sitting in the file collecting dust .
 I got this to work once , for about an hour . Then it stopped . I am a pro when it comes to computer repair . It worked once when I first installed it , but after that I ran into nothing but problems . After two weeks of fiddling -LRB- installing/reinstalling OS , installing , updating , searching -RRB- I finally came to the conclusion of
 This has been a complete waste of time & money . Mainly I bought it for the video editing software . I got it installed okay but then it proceded to not work . When I try to record something the picture freezes . When I try to edit anything I 've managed to record the nanoPeg editor `` encounters a problem '' & has to close losing any work I 've managed to accomplish . The `` handy '' manual contains barely a page on how to use the nanoPeg and nothing at ALL in the way of troubleshooting . The bundled Ulead DVD MovieFactory SE comes with -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- absotlutely NO INSTRUCTIONS WHATSOEVER -LRB- not even a help file -RRB- on how to use it ! Fat lot of good it was to include it in the package . Now I guess I 've got to download patches & zip files & uninstall this & change that & unzip files & install them just to get this < * # @ -RSB- thing to do what it should 've been able to do in the first place . Unfortunately the computer I -LRB- intended to -RRB- edit video on is not connected to the ` net . This item is an Amazing Colossal Waste of Time . Obviously you ca n't trust any of the positive reviews posted about this item . Spend your money on something more useful -LRB- which would be just about ANYTHING else -RRB- .
 I have probably owned a dozen or more Symantec products . They are always decent to great , and the SystemWorks/Firewall bundle is very good . I agree that the programs are too hungry for resources at times . But , I 'm feeling pretty grumbly with Symantec for their crummy upgrade policy . I bought the 2001 version a couple of months ago , and now find myself paying list price again to upgrade because I moved to Windows XP .
 I 've owned Sytemworks since the first day it came on the market.As to Symantec 's Firewall , well , forget it . You can get free firewalls online at places like zone.com that are much , much better . Symantec 's firewall gets in the way of everything you do , from short documentary files to graphics.Systemworks is okay , but when applied to XP , it is n't yet as operable or friendly as it was with 98 or 2000 .
 DO NOT BUY NORTON SYSTEMWORKS as it causes problems with your Windows registries . I purchased the package which caused a system crash upon installation that I have yet to successfully rebuild . Norton 's places files in your Windows registries that are NOT removed using the add/remove program tools making it nigh impossible for an average user to rectify . You need to pay to obtain help from Symantec and the wait times are in excess of an hour and a half . ...
 I have tried it all ... reinstallation , contacting Norton professionals , installing only part of the system ... Every time I install Norton my computer runs at snails pace and then after about a day , it crashes . I would not recommend this program to anyone !
 Company does n't care about this product . I gave it two stars only because it is a nice piece of software in many ways . It appears the company is allowing it to die a slow death by not updating it.I put a con first , then the review , as I believe buyers need to be very aware of this : CON : - ** No AVCHD support -LRB- shows a trend -RRB-
 The content is too short for its price.It consists of 45 chapters , but they are quite short.At chapter 45 , you are left with still too few tools to maintain a conversation.This just helps you to not get lost , order at a restaurant , buy a ticket and situational chit chat.A good starter , but not for the serious learner.Way overpriced !!! After buying a series of 5 text books to learn mandarin , i feel i wasted money on that dvd.The dvd content is covered within the first half of the first textbook .
 Okay , the Chinese instructions are okay but this software has some silly problems that make it a pain to use ! On the first `` chapter '' or `` lesson '' there is a slight delay between the teachers moving lips and her audible words . Annoying ! Maybe something so trite is acceptable in a cheaper program but I paid a LOT for this program and that is a silly error and I should not have to deal with it . I like to watch a persons lips when I am trying to learn Chinese -LRB- the tongue , teeth , lip positions are important ! -RRB- and it stinks when the lips are not in synch with the words.Next up is the fact that there is NO WAY to pause a lesson and get back to the same spot where you leave off . A half-hour into a forty-five minute lesson and you got ta stop for a bit ? You have to chose to either leave everything up and running or end the program and start all over again the next time . Again , maybe acceptable for a $ 25 program but this software is way too expensive to throw that kind of stupidity at us.Then we have the totally lame way that this program forces us to work so hard to write the 1-4 accents that are oh-so-important in the -LRB- Mandarin -RRB- pinyin writing system . The writing lessons are such a chore ! It is hard enough to try to learn to speak and write a new language , especially one that is so different from our own . It is twice as hard when the writing is such a chore ! Most vowels have an accent mark above them in pinyin and instead of devising a user-friendly approach to this writing technique , Fluenz has made a `` special box '' from which we must choose the proper accent mark . Meaning that instead of simply typing a word , we have to choose one of four accent marks ... almost every time we type a vowel !!! This sucks !!! Let me type the words ! Do n't force me to dissolve any concentration I have built up just so I can look to that lame box to choose the right accent-mark . I hate the writing exercises in this program!So why two stars ? Well , there are helpful overall approaches to learning Chinese here . And the box it came in is pretty.I 'd be okay with this program if it came in a less-fancy box and cost about $ 35 . As it is it is WAY too expensive or WAY too crappy . Fluenz needs to step it up .
 I learned to speak Spanish with the Rosetta Stone . I am not anywhere to be perfect , but I know some and decided that I wanted to learn more Spanish in school . Rosetta Stone , the progam that treat you like a kid . Rosetta Stone is not that perfect for the price . Nothing is perfect but I learned a lot from it . I am acing my spanish class with the knowledge that I earned from Rosetta Stone . There are differences between Rosetta Stone and Fluenz . Rosetta Stone made it easier to learn something and the knowledge that you learn tend to retain longer . Fluenz goes on a different direction and I do n't like that.Fluenz is just like a game . You will know where you are but they do n't know who you are . Everytime you get back , you choose where you want to be . You have to remember what you learned from last time.If you accidenttally opt out of the program in the middle of a lesson , you will have to begin that lesson from the very start.Fluenz is not a good one if you want to learn Chinese . Pinying is not the key in learning Chinese . Pinying is just a way to write down the way the Chinese pronounced their words . Learning Chinese by Pinying is a very confusing way to tell you that you know something ; in fact , you do n't know anything . Chinese has words that are pronounced the same but are written differently . They have different meanings . They are different words . If you insist on buying Fluenz , I would suggest you purchase Fluenz French , Spanish , or Italian . They are expert in teaching these languages , not Chinese.I finally wake up and recognize that I could never live in U.S. and study Chinese . But I think I might be able to study some Italian since Italian and Spanish are very familiar.If you are n't born to be a native English speaker , I would recommend that you take Rosetta Stone - no translation needed . That is how I learn Spanish . As any language learning process , disciplinary is required.Thank you for reading this . If you do have any question , feel free to contact me at -LSB- ... -RSB- . Rosetta Stone Version 3
 soooooo bad . no educational value at all . mindless , awful , do not waste your $ $ . If there was an option for negative stars , that is what I would have rated .
 I also should have read the reviews on this however , my Daughter loves this game . I do not have the problems with sound or graphics as they are very clear on our system . However , my 4 year old now has to have Administrator rights on the system in order to play this game . I bought XP so I could allow the kids functionality on the computer without me hovering over them . I studied how to set the system up for limited users and Administrators -LRB- which can do everything -RRB- , but now all that work and the money for the product are gone . I have made my complaint with Disney as they are the ones that informed me that they have no intention on changing this product .
 I purchased Vol 1 of this set , and was amazed at the very low quality . The videos are OK , though not any better than available for free on YouTube . The book itself was amazingly bad
 First let me say that I came to Amazon to find out if I was crazy . After about 45 minutes of searching for an errata , a bug fix , or something from Convekta , most of the time following broken links on their website to other reviews , I decided to see what my fellow users at Amazon had to say . What does that tell you about the company?In the middle of a training exercise , I find Morphy 's move - 60 points worth of difficulty . I see the mate . The computer plays a move - tells me it 's my move - and locks up . Great . I 'm betting , as a programmer I 'm guessing , someone forgot to put the rest of the line in the data file . So the user is stuck . If they are n't computer literate they are in double trouble because they think their computer locked up . Eventually when you try to quit , it warns you about quitting the exercise , which you are still solving , though the computer wo n't take any of your answers . Computer hell !!! Most of what the other reviewers have said I agree with . The program is good when it works right . But the contempt for the customer is staggering to me . And it is not limited to this program . Why do the programmers at Convekta not know how to write a routine that stores the changes you make to board color or animation speed so that they work time after time without resetting them ? So that you do n't have to trick the program like in CT-ART ? Why does their Rybka interface lock up so often?When I buy the new Rybka I am buying the ChessBase version . Whenever I have a choice , I am avoiding Convekta software . At least until the company lets the user know , via their website , that the problem is known , Convekta 's and unfixed .
 This program is dependent on an obsolete version of Flash . If you run any other programs that use flash it will keep this from running . This is fine if you have a windows 98 computer with no internet connection and no new programs . I bought this for about $ 60 . It worked on an older version of windows for a few weeks -LRB- WIN 2000I think -RRB- , but then I got a virus and had to reformat the hard drive . That was it . There is no tech support , and the only message I could find was that they would have a new version that worked in 2011 . I feel ripped off . I got this for my kids at a time they were interested , and it was helping them , and then it stopped . That window is now gone .
 I recently researched voice programs for my 10 year old daughter . This program came highly recommended . My daughter is very visual and learns quickly when she uses visual aids . Being able to watch a voice track would be perfect for her . I purchased this software new unopened , and installed it by the directions . We went through the setup , everything was fine . We tried to open the lessons section of the software and nothing happens . I went to the `` carry a tune '' website for assistance . They do not support version 2.0 and recommend that you deal with the people you purchased it from . All I could find was version 2.0 and Unlimited . They offer an upgrade to Unlimited . If this version is n't supported and does n't work , why would I upgrade ? A new version will not be available until 2011 . If you feel like you will need the lessons part of this software I would not recommend it . If you have any problems your on your own . Buy at your own risk .
 The software does n't install , the company does n't answer emails , the website no longer sells this version or any other version . If you enjoy placing and returning orders , this product is for you . Thanks , Amazon !
 This product appears to have real value in it . The parts of the software that I can get to work have the potential to be great tools for improving your singing . Unfortunately , the meat of the product , the singing lessons , will not run on my computer and I have been unsuccessful at getting technical support for the product . Over the past week , I have sent emails and called durring business hours . No one was present to answer my calls and never returned the emails of voice messsages I left . At this point I intend to return the software .
 I 've spent over 3 hours trying to get this to install , so if you order this be aware you may also encounter problems.Their tech support admits to seeing these problems before but they send me to Norton anti-virus for tech support , even though there is no evidence that Norton is interfering . For instance , turning Norton completely off does not fix the problem . Norton tech support was nice enough to thoroughly check things and they found no problem.I 'm returning the software -- it is useless to me .
 While this product is a very helpful program and it does work correctly under certain conditions . Those conditions require an aged version of flash , and probably will not work with anything higher than WinXP . I tried to install this on a Win Vista machine and it simply never worked . Calls to the tech support number listed are either not answered , or reach a disconnect recording . The website for the software publisher shows that support for this product was discontinued in 2009 . I strongly encourage others to find a different product .
 I agree with the 2 latest posts , the Singing lessons area -LRB- the only area of the program I 'm interested in -RRB- does n't work . AT ALL ... it you click on it from any of the many links available to go to that section and nothing happens . I will try running it on an earlier version of windows -LRB- in a virtual drive -RRB- to see if that works tonight if it does n't work I am returning it to the store tomorrow morning . I would have been a great application . I know it 's pretty old ... but . . that is my bad for not checking the copyright date on the box which clearly states 1997-2004 ... I should 've know the software was old ... but it did say it worked with Windows XP . DO N'T BUY THIS . I 've been learning to sing with Brett Manning 's Singing success . . and it 's definitley working ... I fell for this application because I thought it would help me sing on pitch . Or help me read sheet music .
 I do n't give one star reviews lightly.This program is like something from 1990 , and stutters and staggers.It wo n't do even basic functions like minimize correctly , and wo n't even close properly once you get disgusted and want to close it down -- > all on my new Win 7/64 bit , 16 GB computer.Zero help supplied , `` space invaders , pac-man '' type midi tone songs.There is a trial version on their web site.No song available you 'd ever want to sing.The program 's monitor and feedback is zero help to singing improvement.I 'm dumb founded this is published . I hate to be so negative , but this is awful.You 're better off sitting in your car and singing to the radio .
 I received my order in a timely manner , however it was damaged and I had to go through the whole process of returning it , and paying more money to have it shipped back , do n't know if it was worth it and I 'm not sure if I will be receiving another order or if they will credit my account . I purchased the singing coach for my granddaughters birthday and it seemed to be exactly what she needed to help her with her singing and voice problems .
 The format of this software was very childish . My father was insulted by my purchase of this once he opened it . It is formatted for people who have no ability to sing . This would be great for children/teens who want to learn how to sing . Definitely NOT for adults .
 I ordered this from Amazon.com for my 8-year-old daughter , who clamored for it after seeing it on a TV promotion on Nickelodean or Disney . It 's also being promoted on MTV , VH1 and Comedy Central channels . When I received it , I was shocked to find the following label covering part of the box barcode on the bottom size of the box : `` Warning
 the product works great but when I tried to install it on my new computer the server for registration has been removed so this now acts like a 30 day trial not a full program .
 I bought this specifically to translate docx files to doc files . I have tried numerous docx files and the ending doc format is always corrupted badly . This product simply does not do what it is supposed to . Do n't waste your money .
 This will not work with the latest version of OSX - wo n't even load . Had to return it . Amazon was great and refunded my money promptly
 This software is in fact VERY SLOW ! Even though it 's helpful in using windows applications , I 'm still dissapointed in how slow it runs . Only buy if you absolutely must , otherwise it 's a useless investment .
 This software arrives with little content ... the implication in the descripton -LRB- at least to me -RRB- was that it included most , if not all , of Microsoft 's XP . Not true at all ... typical Microsoft ripoff . Plus wo n't accept uploads from Mac disk drive . All in all , a total waste of time and money .
 When I upgraded from Mac OS 9.2 to OS 10 with the purchase of my new laptop I was very excited to go from Virtual PC 4.2 to the new 7.0 Home edition . I 'd rather have my 4.2 back . Aside from the fact that it is incredibly slow , I have had to remove & reinstall it 4 times due to gliches of an unknown origin that I could n't fix . Microsoft is no help what so ever unless I want to pay their exorbitant fees for support . There is no free support even for newly received products . If there was another product on the market that could replace this I would buy it instead . At this point I feel like I would rather have purchased a PC than to have to deal with this frustration .
 I use Virtual PC on a PowerBook G-4 with 512M of memory ; running under Tiger . Updated to 7.2 via Microsoft website . In the 3-4 weeks that I have used it , the program had crashed the Mac about 6 or 7 times ; each time I had to force a power off via the power switch . I also found that `` save state '' tends to cause the crash more often . The speed was acceptable for programs like Quicken , but probably not for games . I suggest that anyone interested in this program check out the Virtual PC forum on Apple website for comments , etc. . . before buying .
 I really did n't believe everyone when they said it was so slow . I thought maybe they were just too demanding . I thought , I have a very fast G4 -LRB- 1.42 GHz -RRB- with 1.5 GB of ram , so I 'm sure my system will handle it allright . Wrong . It is so slow that I am not sure I will be able to use it for any of the things I wanted to use it for . Seriously , trust me on this
 Do n't waste your money . It does not work with the new Imac 's withIntel Dual Processors , and once you open the package you are stock with it.Wait for the new operating system `` Leopard '' . That has `` Boot Camp '' as partof the operating system
 Honestly , would n't it just be nice to be able to use your MAC with all the software that 's out there these days . Imagine if we could n't call a friend because they were on Cingular while you were on Verizon . It is just ridiculous to me that instead of coding all the new versions of software as they are released to be supported on multiple platforms both Windows based & OS X , they come up with this `` workaround '' . I bought it for two reasons only
 This is the worst piece of software I have ever used . Three separate installations have brought my Mac -LRB- with 10.43 -RRB- to a complete halt . Each time the Virtual PC Windows installation was too scrogged to work after a hard re-boot . The last time it also managed to scrogg my OS-X Mail configuration -LRB- and who knows what else -RRB- . I should have known better than to install Microsoft software on a functioning computer . For not much more money you can by an old , used Windows PC - that way when it crashes , at least it wo n't mess up your Mac .
 I bought this surprisingly low priced five game bundle to replace the Nancy Drew games that I had sold and later realized I should n't have . The quality of all five of these games is superb , and I keep coming back to them again and again . So why the two stars?I received this game new with the box sealed . I have since discovered that at least three of the discs have very notable defects , the effects of which range from hindering game play to not installing at all . I know the problem is not my computer , because , as I said , I have had four of these exact same games before , and they all worked fine . I know a thing or two about computers , and I could see that the discs had completely missing or corrupted files . The only games that function properly are Stay Tuned For Danger and Treasure in the Royal Tower . Secrets Can Kill was playable , but some character animations were missing and this caused a few program hangs . Message in a Haunted Mansion does not install at all , because it is missing important video files . The Final Scene installs , but has some missing audio files that start cropping up a third of the way through the game and are impossible to get by without some complicated computer tricks . I managed to finish it , but at the expense of never hearing several conversations.It is very possible that this was a fluke , and I received one of the few with defects , but I have seen other reviews on this product about installation problems -LRB- that may or may not have been related -RRB- . I have played all of the Nancy Drew titles and have never had any disk defect problems purchasing the games individually , so I have the slight suspicion that having so many games bundled in one box -LRB- and at a cheaper price -RRB- makes them more susceptible to having problems . This may not be the case , but keep this in mind when buying this product . I was greatly disappointed to find that three of them did not work properly.Again , if the games do work for you , you 've made a fantastic purchase , because these are some truly great games .
 I am somewhat disappointed with the games . They are misleading , slow and more than alittle hard to navigate . The quality is not what I expected and not what I have experienced before . I thought the price was quite good until I got the products . Now I am not so sure . I guess you get what you pay for .
 DB now , just is not worth the hassle for the minimal gains you get from it . Because it is a database , and a database only , you still have to use the palm software for all your time management
 Some of the games will not work on my PC can not get them to load correctly . The other games are so so . Do not think I would rcommed this .
 I 'm an IT Director at a midsize organization and I use the FC system for years with my palm . I do n't recall the version , but it was simple , did tasks , calendar and contacts.Got a treo 680 and had to upgrade . Now , I also maintain treo 's for several employees as well.I read the reviews here and could n't believe the software was this bad . Being a provider of tech support , I know how irrational people can be about technology.Sadly , they 're correct.I found the user interface confusing , bloated and rather cumbersome to use . As a result , I 've been using the software strictly for tasks . Today I tried calendaring and it crashed my treo and after two hours with their tech support , I can no longer synch.There is simply no excuse for this . In addition , I consider it unethical for FC to create such a product that has effectively made me inefficient.Stick with the Palm software or outlook until FC comes up with a viable , intuitive product that matches their paper binders .
 I upgraded to v. 5 from v. 3 on my tablet PC . I was fooled by the prettier interface . I wanted to be able to make more use of the other FC planning tools - daily compass , goals , etc. - and the newer interface included them . So , I bit the bullet and upgraded . BIG MISTAKE!V .3 synced with my Palm perfectly , and printed my daily calendar with the prioritized task list into a hard copy that looked just like the paper FC plans -LRB- with a small battery tablet PC , it was hard to always carry the PC around to meetings . I would take notes with the hard copy and transfer those to the daily notes pages at the end of the day -RRB- . V. 5 did n't sync with my Palm properly , so FC tech support told me to use an earlier build of the software - which still does n't sync properly ! They also told me that they had given up -LRB- actually words to that effect -RRB- on formatting the printouts to look like FC planner pages , but `` the newer features more than make up for that '' . Sorry , they do n't . Not to mention , the product has a very bad habit of not even seeing installed printers - going so far as to tell me that my PC has no printers installed . I ca n't even print to PDF -LRB- yes , Acrobat is on this PC -RRB- to have the page print on another computer.I went from a very usable , if minimal , product , to one that is n't usable at all.Now if I can just find the install file for v. 3 again ...
 Hi , I have used the Franklin planner software as far back as their Ascend product . I gave up on Plan Plus , as I am still unable to get around the synchronization problems . I have called Franklin tech support numerous times with no answers and no help . It is a real shame when a company of the caliber of Franklin Covey ignores customer complaints and continues to sell this faulty product.If anyone has found a way to use this product with Window 's XO and Palm Life drive , please let me know.Bob
 Unlike other reviewers , I do n't have any issues running this software . However , I have a newer computer with a 3 gig processor and 1 gig of ram . I also am not trying to use the software with a palm or tablet.I love all of the features except for one . My BIGGEST GRIPE is the repeat tasks . Most of the things I do are repeat tasks . My workouts , my book writing , etc are all scheduled to show up on certain days . If I do n't click `` completed '' for a certain task , that repeat task will never show up again . There is no `` not completed '' option to click . Not only that , if you schedule repeat tasks and then look at the weekly view to see all of the tasks for the week , it will only -LRB- for example -RRB- show you all of your repeat tasks for monday , but there will be nothing showing tuesday through friday . It is frustrating to click something completed if it was n't just to have it show up again the next day . I also would have liked the feature of what percentage of tasks were completed so I might improve week to week , but that is unavailable as well.I have emailed customer support many times but have never seen any changes . And I have not gotten back a response on why the change I requested wo n't be implemented . I also have tried to get updates for my software many times , but they rarely if ever make updates to this software . It appears no one cares much about this product at franklincovey which is really disappointing since I like everything else about the software.The good thing about the software is it makes it easy to take your major goals and break them down into small workable goals and schedule them out . That part of it works great for me , and it is easier to visualize how it can happen . But all it takes is for one frustrating feature to get in the way , and the software becomes irritating.Maybe the next version will be an improvement .
 I have been a fan of Franklin Covey planners & software for years , dating back to my Handspring Visor so long ago . You can imagine my disappointment when I purchased this software to use with my brand new Palm Z22 and can not get it to work . So far , I have installed and uninstalled various conduits , rebooted my PC countless times , hard reset my Palm -LRB- losing all of my stored information in the process - most inconvenient -RRB- and still nothing . Apparently the issue is with ` Agilix GoBinder ' which is the little engine that supposedly makes the sync happen . I have also attempted to contact Agilix customer support who were very helpful , but unable to solve the problem . FC support is useless.It is very frustrating to pay so much $ $ for what one would think is software from a reliable name , only to have so many complications.To say the least , I am dissapointed in a company which I thought would have more care to put out products that would be of use to their loyal customers . Since ` open ' software can not be returned for a refund I guess I will have to use the CD as a coaster and begin shopping for a suitable alternative !
 I have had such a problem with this software . I am a hardened FP user since 1991 when I started with the paper based system . It 's an awesome technique and concept . Unfortunately , their software implementation has never been a good one -LRB- I 've used previous generations of their software before moving to the XP version -RRB- . I NEVER write product reviews for anything . But the problems with this product have plagued me for sooo long that I feel compelled to write and hopefully help someone else not get into this mess.My experience has been good with tech support . They have supported the problems I 've had . Unfortunately the product is not stable . I still get crashes where it disappears altogether -LRB- although it does come back ... -RRB- . I still have problems with hotsync . I had it working with tech support 's great help , but ANYTIME you change a single thing the whole thing falls apart . I had to upgrade laptops at work -LRB- how I use it ... -RRB- , and on the new laptop I 've yet to get it sync ` ing.I 'm desperate for an alternate product from them - hopefully they will dump this and bring something else online.Hope this helps someone out there ...
 I 've been using PlanPlus 4.11 for about 6-8 months on my Tablet PC running XP Tablet PC SP2 . I had some complaints about 4.11 -- it eats CPU , it crashes , I miss some functionality I had with paper -LRB- like the ability to write in the margins -RRB- -- but 5 lasted about 2 hours before I was uninstalling it and reinstalling 4.11 . Why ? Well , this one seems to be even slower than 4.11 . I can no longer check things off quickly with a pen -- they 've created cute little symbols so it now takes longer to check them off . I 'm used to thinking with either a pen or keyboard , but this gives me the worst of both -- I ca n't take advantage of the tablet functionality when I 'm locked into selecting a symbol . 4.11 could figure out which symbol I wanted from my handwritten version and substitute it -- 5.0 requires that I select one from the list . SLOW ! I also reset my stationary three times -- and I am not a new user of either FC software or software in general -- and it would not keep my preferences . This is the first upgrade I had of any product that was so much worse I went back to the old one . To be honest , if I had n't already paid for the 4.11 version , I 'd probably use GoBinder Lite -- it 's free and came with the Tablet . GoBinder from Agilix is the underlying software that supports PlanPlus , so it is n't much different . GoBinder Lite is geared to students , but you can customize most of it to regain PlanPlus functionality . This software is not worth the price -- at any price ! I gave it one star only because I could not give it 0 .
 I work as a physician where I need to stay very organized . I tried this product several years ago ; I really wanted to like it , because I like the Franklin Covey system of organization . Unfortunately , my optimism was soon frustrted - it ran SO slowly ! I thought this was perhaps a problem with my computer , so I tried downloading the trial version on a friend 's computer - same problem . I searched for reviews online and discovered this is perhaps the worst-rated organizational product in history ! How can this be ?! I can only conclude that Stephen Covey is actually dead and gone , because there 's no way any self-respecting company president - let alone the president of an organizational company like Franklin Covey -LRB- what irony ! -RRB- would allow a product like this to represent him . I had n't given up - two years later , I 've come back to try PlanPlus again , and they are nothing if not consistent ; it 's still a stinker ! What a shame . The reviews say it all.I can honestly claim to have tried every organizational tool on the market -LRB- probably not the best use of my time , lol -RRB- . My favourite for a long time was the Palm Desktop organizer , however , it only runs on Mac -LRB- I actually bought a Mac just so I could run it -RRB- , and now they 're not publishing it anymore , I suppose because Palm is going the way of the Do-Do . So there 's two products I like now - both of which run on PC -LRB- I 'm still on a Mac , but I run Windows on my Mac by using a program called Parallels , works great , best of both worlds -RRB- ! The first good program is Harmony PIM -LRB- previously called Do-Organizer -RRB- @ -LSB- ... -RSB- and the other -LRB- probably the better of the two -RRB- is Smart Diary Suite @ -LSB- ... -RSB- The Harmony program is very `` full '' and has a ton of features ; my only comment would be that perhaps it is too busy - you get overwhelmed just looking at your dashboard ! So perhaps they need to have a course users can attend to learn how to use it!Smart Diary Suite has EVERYTHING going for it - not least of which is perhaps the best support person in history - the developer himself , a fellow in Australia named Dennis Volodomanov . Holy smokes ! This guy responds to you ASAP and actually incorporates users ' suggestions - often the same day ! I do n't know any other program developer -LRB- or person ! -RRB- so open to suggestions . The program runs beautifully - which brings me to another point - it is actually lovely to look at and use , and is fully customizable , so it does n't end up being too busy like Harmony PIM . They have several editions , including the one I love , the Medical Edition ; if you have a chronic illness -LRB- as I and many of my patients do -RRB- there is simply no other program like this out there - it is THE organizational program for managing your life , either with or without an illness ; I believe it is now the standard to which all other organizational programs should aspire .
 I have been a loyal user of Plan Plus for windows for the past 3 + years . On windows XP it was a great stand along ap and despite some sync issues over the years , was able to use it successfully with my Palm Treo . Unfortunately Franklin Covey no longer cares about making their software work . If you are buying Plan Plus 5 to run on a windows XP machine , you will be fine . If you plan to try to install on a windows 7 machine and sync with Outlook - run for the hills . I have been back and forth with their tech support for over six months trying to get Plan Plus for windows or Plan Plus for Outlook 7 to function properly on a windows 7 machine but with no luck . Today was the final straw , and although I am a loyal user of the Covey approach to planning , I am starting my search for an alternative .
 A warning to anyone considering purchasing any products from Franklin Covey . Franklin will be discontinuing products used on Outlook . The products are failing at an unprecented level . You will not receive support for products you purchase and will be directed to purchase the online subscription.A complaint has been filed with the BBB for false advertising . Additional , a class action lawsuit is being prepared as well . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY
 I can only assume the positive reviews here are planted by FC employees . I am still using V 5.1 for vista only because I have 5 years of notes in the system . I really like the company and the concept and even gave some time to give them feedback to improve the product . I got a small gift card for my efforts and foolishly used it to buy the new version . I assumed all that effort would have gone into a better product but this `` upgrade '' is indistinguishable from planned suicide . As a few reviewers have mentioned they have taken out basic functions that made the older version pleasant to use -LRB- menu icons , pen shortcuts -RRB- . It 's much slower than V4 and -LRB- the only reason I took the upgrade -RRB- it is actually less stable than the older version . It crashes regularly to the point that I routinely advance and step back a page to ensure it 's saving my work regularly else I lose everything . Most frustrating , they seem to have tried to get into the presumably more lucrative online/subscription market and have abandoned the tablet version as far as I can tell . The one thing you want in a piece of paper is longevity so that 's scary . I credit FC with good design skills so it 's mind boggling that they have n't taken all the feedback to heart and tried to build a more reliable product . Still hoping for something better in the next version .
 Unfortunately , I agree with all of the negative reviews for this product.It is a good idea , if you can get it to do what it claims CONSISTENTLY . My version , 5.1 on XP , crashes for no apparent reason and I can not seem to get the ` recurrence ' feature to work on a consistent basis . I do n't mind so much the fact that it is bloated with icons that overcrowd the page if FC would provide updates that fix the issues mentioned in the other reviews . I really want to use this product but I am close to just ditching any hopes for a fix . This is a shame . I can not recommend this at all .
 I used Franklin Covey Ascend in the late 1990 's with great success . It allowed me to electronically print notes and tasks , had a nice compact calender , I could update every day at the beginning of the day , print tasks and yesterday 's notes to my Classic planner , and have everything I needed to take with to meetings and so forth . No more . 5.0 for Windows ca n't print the daily notes -LRB- tries to print hundreds of pages if the notes exceed 1/2 page -RRB- . No margin control . No font size control in printing of notes in other tabs , everything prints in six-point type with no margin control . I paid for the software and a new planner , and after 3 months threw the whole thing in the garbage . On top of that , it is n't stable in XP or Vista . Slow to load , once loaded , slow to change views.Franklin Covey Plan Plus for Windows is useless and a bad product . Do n't buy it .
 This appears to be an old product repackaged as new . There are a series of presentations you access off the DVD . The resolution is low , production quality low , and there is limited interaction and quizzes.I have some expectations that math software will be interactive , fun , and full of quizzes and problem solving . This was not at all what I was looking for to help with math instruction for my child . I would have been better off with math books and worksheets .
 Liberty Street Software used to provide updates on a regular basis -- NO LONGER.Not only do they no longer provide software support or updates , but they quit responding to questions , both via the Liberty Street Software Coin Manage forum and via their website sometime late in 2008 . In previous years , they had updates for the following coin year by the end of October . Inquiries about product and database updates - none of which have been provided since July of 2008 - have gone unanswered in spite of repeated requests directly to the tech support department.Until Liberty Street Software straightens out their software support problems , I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THE PURCHASE OF THIS PRODUCT!Bruce BarnesChicago IL
 Software continually crashes and no response from LS people . Wish I had never upgraded from the 2011 version . Do n't even bother with this 2013 version .
 I just installed the coinage software . The very first coin that I started to put in had no information data or even an area to install it under.It was a 1986 Silver Eagle dollar ?????????????? What 's up with this ???????????
 I read the reviews and thought `` You know , I have an AMD Athlon 64 CPU and 1G of RAM , it wo n't crash on MY computer . '' Listen to me
 I have been working on computers since 1975 . I have seen some awful programs , including some that I have written . This is the single most crash prone piece of software I have ever had the misfortune to use . No mater what you do , it WILL crash . It WILL corrupt HOURS of work and leave you with no option but to delete the file and start over again.USE ANYTHING BUT THIS SOFTWARE
 PLEASE ... save yourself the headache ! Read version7 reviews and decide for yourself if you really have the time to deal with such a program or company.I 've sent Individual all the links about their customers ' experience . I do n't think it will do any good but I think they should know the percentage of people writing negative reviews on their products.My next site to `` update '' will be Cnet and Consumer Reports -LRB- if they have a section for something like this -RRB- . Avoid this program at all costs . I will update you all if they EVER reply to my e-mail . However , I will not hold my breath .
 Started installation
 The software and the company are LAME . On the phone with supervisor Greg of tech support I was told they did n't have to return my money because `` our lawyers wrote the return policy '' and that they 'd had `` four of you guys '' today that called to request refunds for the same product . Took SEVEN DAYS to return my call , offered NO apology for the unstable program they 'd sold and the problems I had experienced , insisted it was MY DESIGN that made the program continually crash , and insisted I reinstall it and add patches to fix their problems , and they 'd STILL not refund my money.I bought it at Target for 20 dollars and the `` Individual Software '' supervisor actually said on the phone
 I have used for a few days . And here are the issues I have encountered : - every so often - this software causes my machine to hang - it starts using 100 % of the CPU and returns control to me after anywhere from 1min to 4min . - if you add light fixtures - it assumes you have a gable roof . I had put a flat roof and the light fixtures show up above the wall . - It loses changes periodically . Although nothing has crashed and I save my changes regularly . - After many hours - I completed the floor plan and then when I try to add appliances , or change the floor type - it complains `` One of the walls is invalid '' and doesnt allow me to add appliances or change the floor.I am amazed there is no `` product recall '' of this piece of junk.I wish I had read the reviews before . I bought it not on Amazon but another store .
 Purchased version 6 in October of 2003 and had problems . Called company and after much discussion they sent me version 8 . Did not notice any improvements from version 6 and had same problems . I was not trying to do anything spectacular , I was just recreating my existing home and trying to add an addition.I started more than a dozen plans from scratch and all the plans either locked up , would not load or would completely kick you out of the program and it would not always save the plan before crashing . The programs does not tell you when you have made an error in design -LRB- ie walls not meeting , etc -RRB- and if you do get an error message it will be a generic message and does not tell you where the error is . The help line does try but they are slow and limited in knowledge - I have been trying to get a solution for my problems for 6 months . The last conversation I had with Tech support , they told me the software was not capable of doing what I was attempting to do !!!??? I have gone back to my 8 year Broderbund Home Architect . It does n't have all the features advertised by Individual , but at least it works.Update 3/2006 . They sent me version 7 of Deluxe homes and landscapes about 4 months ago . It did not work and they never responded to my inquiry . Apparently they have given up and so have I. Due to the complete lack of competent support staff , I will never buy a Broderbund product again .
 I have a very nice computer -LRB- 3.2 intell , 1000mb ram , NVida 6600gt , XP Pro -RRB- that has been running great lately , including video games like Doom 3 . I have yet to have a crash since my last reinstall 6 months ago . This program locks my computer up after only using it for 30 minutes . It wo n't swith between the different views . Stay away from this product or any other this company makes . Its a waste of time & money . I 'm so mad it made me write my first review !
 This software is horrible . Do not waste your 2 hours and 1.5 GB hard drive space installing this crash prone piece of junk software that is incredibly hard to use.All i want to do is import a picture of my back yard , toss some sample trees , shrubs , flowers in for an idea on how it might look . Well ... to big of a task for this software apparently . I ca n't get the file import to work and the help dialogues do not match the onscreen menus and prompts.I do n't recommend this software to ANYONE ! First time i have ever written a review .
 This program costs way too much to not even offer screen resizing . I use a 19 '' monitor at a fairly high resolution . When I run Britanica , everything is cram-jambed into a small NON-RESIZABE window . The content seems OK , but not noticably more usefull compared to the single CD Encarta 2000 I thought I was upgrading . It installed reliably except the audio-only files are unintelligible . It is too late for me , save yourselves . Buy something else .
 I had high hopes when I ordered the DVD version of Britannica . I expected a huge array of easy to access information , backed up with powerful images and sound.Apart from the fact that I find the site information extremely poorly laid out and not as logical as Encarta to access , it does n't even impress with it 's depth.But most of all - I just hate the way that you have to PAY to get someone on the telephone , simply to help to get the stupid disc to work . One of the key tabs -LRB- `` analyst '' -RRB- is bringing up a strange , incomprehensable message . It would be nice to get it resolved with a good old-fashioned customer service rep.I would n't bother , if I were you ...
 When you buy the Encyclopedia Britannica DVD , your anticipation is that it 's a Rolls Royce . It 's not ; it 's an Edsel . Not only does it have non-resizable windows , its level of technical detail stops at about a college sophomore level . This is adequate for a high school student , but I expected a much higher level of erudition from this DVD . After all , it 's Britannica .
 The user interface for this product is so difficult . When you click on a word just to highlight it , the software will look up the word . Also , it is impossible to print out long article to read because the software break up articles into little section . But it does not let you print the whole article . You have to print out a small section each time .
 Why pay 70.00 for a buggy , non-resizable DVD version , when you can get all this an MORE for free off of the greatest encyclopedic volume in history ? It is called the internet , and it is FREE , aside from the general access fee . You can have the lastest news , pictures and science reports , plus whitepapers , articles in biomedicine , physics , chemistry , mathematics , et cetera . Why pay for a ` version ' of knowledge when you can have it all , not doled out in discreet dollops of creamy unsatisfaction like Britannica and Encarta ? If you want to pay for learning and knowledge , the currency is determination .
 As an elementary school teacher , I was excited about this product , but I am finding two things extremely annoying . It attempts to register online everytime the appliction starts , but the website which it attempts to reach does not exist . Also , all of the online support/library is nonexistent , which was one of the features which prompted me to by this software . That 's why this product is defective until this problem is corrected . I expected more from Simon and Schuster !
 I love references and have frequently enjoyed looking things up or just browsing Britannica . At last the entire text of this wonderful encyclopedia was available loaded on to my hard drive so carrying around disks would not be necessary ! ... With great anticipation I purchased , loaded and opened the Encyclopedia Britanica . Within thirty days I had discarded it as useless . Why ? 1 . The encyclopedia feeds you only pieces of articles , paragraphs at a time requiring a frustrating series of clicking even to read one article . 2 . Even when you are `` allowed '' to get a larger segment of an article , the viewing box is NOT resizable , requiring constant scrolling . 3 . Searching is based on finding text in titles or the body of the article . This may be good as a last resort , but the wonderful and complex index of the book version is NOT AVAILABLE ! 4 . It comes with Merriam-Webster dictionary . Of course `` Webster '' is not copyrighted and any garbage dictionary can use that word , but I know Merriam-Webster to be of very high quality . Unfortunately , you can not load the dictionary unless you also load the encyclopedia . You must search the dictonary with the same useless search mechanism of the encyclopedia and of course the tiny dictionary window is NOT resizable , forcing you to scroll for the smallest definitions . 5 . Six months later , I 'm still waiting for my rebate.A Waste of money . I 'm still waiting for a useful encyclopedia that can be independent of disks .
 I know the 2 star rating is harsh but the CD is a classic example of poor software functionality . Everyone knows about Brittanicas past as a reliable source of information and comprehensive articles and I did find that to be true , although there were instances where some searches could not bring any result.But the low rating is purely because the CD assumes that you know or atleast have an idea of what you are looking for . You need to enter a query to get at an article and there is no alphabetical contents . I agree that the content pages are going to be large but I am sure there is a way to present it to the user . The whole effort is frustrating cause I know the encylopedia has over 43 million words of useful article but if I need to get at it , I need to think up of the right query.Most of my time spent in reading the printed version of encylopedias would be browsing through the contents until I find an article I dont know anything about or something which I hadnt thought about in a while but suddenly seems interesting . This is how knowledge is increased and unless you gear up and think up of what to search for the CD is quite frustrating . The good thing is that it can be fixed pretty easily . Alas I already own the CD , maybe they can come up with a software patch !!
 As a reference , less than useless . Less than useless because it is grossly deficient in genuine information and routinely indulges in baseless opinion . Imagine a so-called `` encyclopedia '' with not even 900 words on India ! My old '94 version of Compton 's CD offers 7,000 words on the country , its people , customs , economy , religions ... Britannica indulges in opinion without offering a word of support for it . . The CD version of Britannica is a comedy of interface blunders . Load the glacially slow program , then you must click on another `` opener '' to get to a search window . The text of articles defaults to a sidebar , while the search results , most of which are irrevelant to the search term entered , occupy the bulk of the page . You must click on `` full page view '' after EVERY search to read the articles brought up -- unless you 're content to read them in a three - or four-word column.Search for `` Paul Gallico '' and the first entry brought up is `` Golden Gloves . '' What 's the relevance ? Of Gallico , Britannica says , `` New York organizer -LSB- of the Golden Gloves -RSB- was Paul Gallico of the New York Daily News . '' Britinnica is unaware of Gallico 's fame for his enduring stories.Wilbur the pig philosophied in `` Charlotte 's Web '' that something could be less than nothing . Britannica has proven him right.World Book is IT in computer-based encyclopedias .
 Putting the merits of the content aside -LRB- though I tend to agree with other writers that the content is shallow as a coy pond -RRB- , this product has a poorly conceived interface that works only intermittently . Couple this with the poorest support effort around , and you will be pulling your hair out every time the kids say `` Daddy , the encyclopedia does n't work again . `` Most irritating of all is the -LSB- price -RSB- per call 900 number that Britannica uses for telephone support.Save yorself the aggravation , avoid it !!!
 I purchased this software a month ago . I have yet to get it installed . I have installed hundreds of programs in my life , and never had this kind of trouble . MacMillan software has not responded to 3 e-mails , or 2 phone calls yet . I wo n't EVER buy anything that they distribute again . BUYER BEWARE !!!
 need more in depth information than what is printed from customers who used this product .
 My nephew loves educational games he can play on the computer and this looked like it would be a good one . I was wrong , not only does it not preform poorly on newer operating systems , but my nephew and his freinds found it boring .
 I am totally satisfied with the service i got from Amazon.com , but the software is a horrible one.The content is good but the software makes the product look very bad.The PC hangs up quite frequently and forces the computer to restart.It would have been good with a good software .
 Why would I want to buy this product ? There is no detailed product description . Let 's start with that and then maybe I would buy it and review it later .
 My oldest son had this game and loved it . I have windows xp and it does not work at all on it , I can not find the same game that may have been updated . My older son played it for hours , would love to find same game that works on my computer . We had a very old computer back then . Can not find same game anywhere :-LRB- Wasted money ordering this .
 If you want to learn Lightwave , tutorials on the web would be better . The voice teaching these lessons is either a text-to-speech engine , or someone who thinks he 's speaking to children . If you want to go through the lessons , you will have to copy the contents to your hard drive . The program ca n't find some of it 's files , because they are named incorrectly.Finished lesson 5 . Still have not made so much as a box . I know you have to learn a little about the interface first , but this is ridiculous . This program is like a trial before getting the expensive ones . If they are anything like this , avoid them at all costs.I bought Mastering Dreamweaver and Mastering Visual C# at the same time . I do n't expect they will be any better .
 Rate this zero stars , not one . `` ScanSoft OmniPage Pro X for Macintosh - Mac '' as of November 2009 . I was looking for a version of OmniPage standard or Pro edition to run on a Macbook Pro with Mac OS 10.5 . * or 10.6 . Nuance makes it hard to fish this out , but Mac 's with newer OS are not yet supported . I had to go to sales chat , who told me they did n't know and had to call tech support , and they confirmed for me what I had found in an online shopping review . Not ready for new Mac OS . The lady seemed to hint that a newer version was in development ... but no promises.Don ' t get me wrong , the PC version , very powerful , I would rate it 5 stars . I think this is top-of-the-line product , but I 've moved to mac and will not spring $ 500 for PC software any more . Very unfortunate , because the only other OCR SW I 've read about for Mac , ReadIris , has had terrible reviews and looks like a waste of money . No OCR for the Mac , how unfortunate.Of course , If I had a dual-boot system and spent $ for a VM and a microsoft license I could buy the PC version . What a waste to have to spend $ 100 's more to run a $ 500 application .
 I would like to pick this up -LRB- kind of -RRB- but for maybe $ 20 - $ 50 it might be worth it . For $ 175 they have got to be kidding . I checked on ebay and the price of the orriginal hard copy issues is only slightly higher than this . If you shopped around a little you could get it lower.To charge this for something as cheap as a single , or even a couple , or CDs is price gouging . This is the sort of thing that leads to people copying this stuff and putting it up for download.If they would just ask a resonable price for this stuff it would sell a lot better .
 I really looked forward to getting this product . I have 75 % ofthe Dragon Magazine on my shelves , but trying to search for somethingis a lot easier with all of them online . The one problem that I have with the product is that it does n't seem to work reliably on Windows NT and there have n't been any patches posted for several months . END
 Overall this is an above average product , but some of the quality of the images leaves a lot to be desired . They did n't always translate well to the PDF format.Too bad that the artists who contributed much of the internal content for these issues over the years were n't properly re-approached , contractually engaged for permission and royalties for reprint rights , etc. . The content of this item was largely reproduced in violation of TSR 's own contracts -LRB- TSR is now owned by WOTC -RRB- , which had clauses providing for re-publication rights , payment arrangements , time-limits , and permissions . Not only were the proper contractual permissions for re-publication -LRB- in ANY medium or form -RRB- not obtained in many or most cases , but arrangements for payment of usage fees or royalties , as also specified as necessary in the original contributors ' contracts , were not made , either.To buy this product -LRB- yes , I have a copy of it -RRB- is to support this ultimate disrespect to the many creative people , writers and artists alike , who have contributed to the magazine over the years . Looks like a corporate giant is a corporate giant , regardless of the type of business involved , and the bottom line is the bottom line . I for one will no longer purchase any of the products of these two affiliated companies .
 I love the old Dragon magazines , and as an ongoing RPGer and game writer , I find the material in these first 250 copies of Dragon absolutely invaluable . The purchase of this archive was worth it to me for the content alone.However , I was sadly disappointed with the clumsy GUI provided with it and worse yet , the way much of the archive has been scanned . The content is what matters in something like this
 I got this because I liked the fact that I would be able to finish the course from my home and you would get an official certificate of completion at the end which you are supposedly able to send in to the DMV and your insurance company , which will then help lower your rates.Three problems - First , it took FOREVER with lots of e-mails and phone calls to get them to finally mail me my certificate ! Second , the insurance company did not accept their certificate and Third , the DMV does not recognize this course as a Certified Defensive Driving course . No wonder they were dragging their heels on sending me my certificate!If you 're planning on spending days on your defensive driving skills so you can send in your certificate to the DMV & your insurance company , do n't waist your time with this !
 The new version of the dictionary does work on the handheld PC , now . The version they had before May 07did not work , so they must have fixed their program.However , although I paid for the DVD , on May 2nd 2007 , and the charge appeared on my credit card , to date , one month later , still have n't received it . I sent 6 e-mails requesting the disc -- no reply , no disc.This is the second time this happens with this merchant . Maybe Amazon could ask Lingvosoft to honor their commitments.I give it one star because they take your money but do n't send the product .
 The beginner CD was much better . This one contains a few games , but really lacks ways to learn the material it presents .
 This item is advertised as compatible with the Windows platform , indicating it is computer software . The item shipped is nothing but over-priced card board flash cards . Zero stars would be appropriate .
 I was disappointed in this product . It was difficult to size rooms to the exact dimension . I started over many times . I wound up buying a more expensive design package .
 After reading the 400 page manual and still getting nowhere , I called Sonic Foundry and asked for help . I explained that what I wanted was a clear-cut timeline that I could import music into and play with , giving it minor effects like echo and bass , and also making them fade into each other . They recommended `` VEGAS '' , another Sonic Foundry program that seems more suited to my needs . Reading the box is very confusing to a beginner and I highly suggest calling the sales line to talk to a representative before purchasing . You can find the number on their website at SONICFOUNDRY.com . In addition , the manual is very confusing . It constantly refers to things that are not in the index and there is no glossary , so learning was usually by chance . In defense of Sound Forge , it seems as though there are many unlimited uses for this program when applied to specific tasks like altering sounds , voice and doing professional music editing , but the sheer volume is too overwhelming for anybody who justs want to edit music .
 Unlike the other reviewers I had a Nuvi with maps and knew how to use it . Unfortunatly this `` guide '' provides little other than the points of interest that are already part of the Europe Navigator software loaded on the unit . No descriptions of what is there or hours , prices etc like a guide should have . You will need to have Navigator Europe v9 in any case to have the maps . One other complaint is that the locations are all in the native language so you can not find the Eiffel Tower since that is la tour de effel or something . Not very useful .
 Try getting your money back after it fails . A dark screen after loading the SD card . Called Garmin , placed on hold for 20 minutes , was told that it does n't work unless the unit picks up the satellites in Europe . So , who do you call with a dark screen in downtown Strausbourg and wo n't be home until the return date has lapsed ? AMAZINGLY , I was also told that the software has no maps -LRB- that cost another $ 300 -RRB- . This Travel Guide is nothing more than a glorified electronic tour book that you can pick up for $ 20 in hardcopy and with real maps ! They call this dumming up .
 This product would not upload onto my garman nuvi . I tried to do it direct to the unit and then through my pc but could not do it . Product support at garman was a long wait and I got got cut off 2 times so i sent the item back.PS i love my nuvi for this country.John
 I rated this product very low since I had assummed that I was ordering a street finder for Europe and was very disappointed when I arrived in Switzerland , rented a car and tried to use the map function . The advertizing for the SD Data Card led me to believe that it was all inclusive . Unfortunately , I paid the data card and it would only identify locations such as airports , train stations , food places and fuel stations but it would not direct me to any of these locations . I would really like to have my money returned if possible .
 GARMIN 010-10672-02 Nuvi Europe Travel GuideI searched Amazon for a MAP upgrade to have while walking and/or driving around Paris , and this was `` suggested '' . GUESS WHAT ? NO MAPS ! Supposedly just a list of touristy places to go to and stay ! You can get that free on the internet with your browser , and would never use it while driving anyway . What jerk designed this ? Meanwhile I was stranded in Paris with no navigation maps and no place to exchange the product for what I really needed .
 I ordered this product after reading the description . Based on the description , the product appeared to be an excellent guide for travelers in Europe . I am very disappointed to find , after looking at the product , that this product does n't really deliver . If you are travelling to Europe and do n't want to get lost , do n't count on this product to deliver you to your desired destination .
 Used this in The UK and France . Routings showed me a lot of those countries that I did n't need to see . That is , the routings were neither direct nor easy .
 It was the worst thing I could ever do . Trusting you vacations on something like this may bring you lots of headaches and pains . I traveled to Spain and Germany and the first thing I noticed upon my arrival was that the SD card was not being read nor working on my N&uuml;vi 260 . I took my GPS device for a check and they said it was the card that was not working properly . I had no other choice than to buy a new GPS device for Europe so I could drive for the rest of my trip . I will return the SD Card back to the shipper and ask for my money back asap .
 DO NOT BUY Does not work . I went to Europe and tried this GPS navigation card , and it recognized that I was in Europe and it had plenty of points of interest to choose from but it showed no roads and had no idea on how to get me where I wanted to go . Very unhappy . And I checked the return policy and it states that it is only returnable within 24 hours , which was hard to do because I was in Europe . NO NOT BUY
 I waited till we got to Ireland to test the device . When I plugged it into the Nuvi 350 , all I got were straight lines and no road data or directions . It turns out that the SD card reset the 350 to `` off road '' directions .
 i purchased this game and should have know for 1.79 there would be a catch . i put in the CD expecting to play Mahjongg but instead got classical music this was supposed to be a new game the cd said mahjongg , so some one appears to be copying cds and selling as new . returned the item waiting for my refund what a rip off
 I love the idea of this product , and I loved working with it . I created a great layout that looked fabulous on screen . But unless you have an Epson printer , it is very difficult to print out a great copy . My hp deskjet could not handle the supplied photo paper , so a friend printed on his Lexmark for me . It worked better , but still had a few problems . More paper should be included in the package in case of printing problems because after several printing problems , we ran out of paper and I could not find the same photo paper in any store ; I ended up buying a second package just to get more of the same paper.Next time , I will make a book using the ofoto site -- much more professional looking -LRB- 2-sided -RRB- and just as cheap .
 the game will not install on by system , just plays from the drive
 Did not work with my apple computer , requested help but did not get results I wanted which was to return idem & get credit
 This product is now discontinued , but no one bothers to tell you that before you make your purchase . Yes , it was very inexpensive , but you can not update anything or register the product any longer!Two thumbs down !
 The computer I have now -LRB- about 500 Mhz -RRB- is faster than my last one , and the earlier version of Plus ! worked well with my older model . However , my current model ca n't process most of the programs available , so I just deleted the whole package . I intend to get a faster computer in the near future , and will use SuperPack at that time . The features look pretty cool , but I ca n't give it a favorable rating at this time . However , when I see how it would work with a faster processor , I may re-rate my review .
 After struggling to install this program and getting an error message each time , I finally called Microsoft . The tech person I got was thorough but knew enough to know he could n't solve the problem . His Manager was consulted and informed us that there is a glitch in this program and it can not be installed on some computers unless they already have Microsoft Plus !! So the solution they offer is to find a friend who has it - download my set on theirs and burn a new disc to copy to my computer . I think you will understand that I would like my money back . Please follow up and let me know what to do . Thanks , Maureen Burbage
 This product has very little to offer . The Plus for Windows 98 was more interesting and offered more ` extras ' . This product does n't have much on it , not worth the money .
 I love the screen savers and some of the other applications but this takes up way too much room on my hard drive and slows it down . I have a huge hard drive too . It takes over 250.00 MB 's . I had to remove it to free up space . What you get for the price is n't that good .
 I purchased this software thinking that I could take my digital images , create a slide show with music , and then burn it to dvd for the family to watch.Unfortunately , the disk that I got gave me some error messages that when I called tech support -LRB- one hour hold time -RRB- they told me that my error message meant that I could create files , but they 'll only run on my computer , not on my tv dvd player . In addition , you need to buy additional dvd burning software , because the dvd burning software imbedded in this software package will only create dvds that will run on a dvd player with the Microsoft logo on them . -LRB- The package says the dvds will run on almost any dvd player -RRB- So I asked for my money back . However , since it took me more than 30 days to find all of this out , they refused a refund .
 This is the first time I have ever reviewed a product and I do it so that no one else will waste their money on this . It adds virtually nothing to XP . Too bad they did n't make it as interesting as their packaged media edition . That would have been worth the money , but old Bill who does n't want to be the richest man in the world would rather you spend money on a new PC to get that product . The themes are nice but far too few for the price . The games are a gimmick since you have to pay to play the real things . The DJ is dumb and the dancers are cute but after a while boring . Hard to figure out how to use the music converter and photo stuff . Too bad could have been something but in its present form , not worth the money .
 By reading the cover I thought it would be a great product to have . It indeed has some good items but overall this is something one can live without.Games - Bowling game is actually a teaser version . You can play only two lanes . Others cost you extra . Two other games are not exciting.Themes and Screen Savers are mediocre.I liked the analog convertor but not too much . If you can get input from any audio device , this program can convert it into a digital format . Alas it does n't convert to MP3 format . Also you need to keep computer completely free of other load while recording otherwise songs will be recorded slow or fast , but not on the normal speed.Dancers can provide some entertainment to young kids for two minutes but soon they find out that these dancers have canned actions . I liked Ben though especially when he gets tired of dancing.Bottom line - I do n't think you would regret buying this at 17 dollars but the novelty will wear off within a week .
 Terrible !! When I attempted to use the product it did n't work as advertised . Trying to get customer support was impossible . They continually sent me to the wrong people in India , none of whom spoke english fluently . Finally , after 1:20 of resorting to spelling out the words I was using I gave up and called another number for Microsoft . I was told that this is an ` obsolete ' product that is no longer supported even though you sold it to me , as new product , less than 3 weeks before . Amazingly , this product is still offered on the microsoft.com web site also , without any disclaimer about obsolescence and lack of support .
 After loading tracks on computer the time for formatting and saving tracks the time required to do so increased as much as three times what it took formally . Detecting adequate signal with Analog Recorder is sometimes ignored and sometimes louder than the volume played on the LP , cassette , or Reel To Reel .
 THIS HAS A COUPLE OF DECENT SCREEN SAVERS . OTHERWISE IT 'S MOSTLY JUNK . SHOULD HAVE KNOWN IT WAS TOO CHEAP TO BE EVERYTHING IT CLAIMS .
 I am new to Amazon.com and all I wanted to do is buy the windows xp super pack , but you just keep showing all these other products and there is nowhere for me to just buy it and go , so I guess you just lost a customer because if you make it this hard for me to check out and be on my way , then I might as well just go to the store and pick it up myself . Thanks anyway but I really dont want to sit here and keep trying to buy this item and getting everything else plus the kitchen sink . So maybe later on down the road I 'll try you again and see if youve made it any easier to just put an item in your cart , check out and be done , without all the song and dance about everything else you keep trying to sell me . sincerely , queencolleen .
 microsoft calls it superpack but who are they kidding?it would n't down load and when I called for help , well there went 2 hours o frustration . finally I gave up and fortunatly amazon took it back , refunded my money even for the return postage.this is one terrible product and I do not recommend it to anyone .
 This software would not install on my computer . There were error 1904 which involves the registry . The MS Tech page gives this as help , `` find a computer with PLUS ! installed and take lines out of its registry and put them in your computer '' , all with the big heading `` doing this could make your computer not work and you will have to reinstall everything . '' Not a great deal of help for me . Microsoft is just stealing your money with this software as it is .
 This software did n't quite do what I expected . I was somewhat disappointed when I discovered that it would n't convert iTunes m4p music files to MP3 files to run on a REAL Player .
 I purchased this specifically to transfer my record albums to cds . It was much more complicated than expected and the results were disappointing . It did not break tracks automatically . The sound is hallow after recording . I 'm told I need to buy an equalizer now!The cd label maker was wimpy . I ended up buying the Memorex CD/DVD Compact LabelMaker System . It gives me so many more options.AND THERE IS NO WARRANTY!I should have read these reviews before I jumped into buying this . The other stuff does n't add anything of value to Windows that I do n't already have.Save your money .
 I found that I threw good money after bad . Windows XP has all of the screen savers that were on the program .
 Do n't even bother wasting your money !! The screen savers make your computer work way to hard they are not even worth using and the games have one level and then they expect you to pay for more . The Wallpapers are the only worth using with this software . All in all a rip off .
 Only Adobe would have the gaul to think they could redefine an existing imaging workflow years after it has evolved . I had saved thousands of digital photos and images over the last few years and do you think this product makes it easy to find them ? Nope ? The entire premise of their organizational paradigm requires that I start over ... NOT!Also , talk about slow ! It barely runs on the PC I just bought two years ago ... it chugs back the RAM and hangs for minutes at a time.All I can say is wait for the next version , it can only be better than this ...
 While the feature set described in this software is there , this is definitely the first pass . The software is sluggish on my 933MHz Pentium III , it is prone to crash or lock up , the software does n't remember your view settings if you leave a window , support for 3rd party photo printing is currently minimal -LRB- one vendor -RRB- , and the DVD format the software burns is not compatible with all DVD players . Wait for a major update before bothering with this software .
 There are two annoying aspects of this software that prevent me from recommending it : First , it uses a great deal of system memory - more than any other program on my computer . The program often freezes as a result . Even when it does n't , it can be maddeningly slow.Second , the way the tags are laid out , it 's very easy to accidentally check a tag box while dragging that tag onto a photo . Result - the group of photos you 're working on disappears , as the program executes a search on that tag . Very annoying and time consuming . This happened to me so often that I ca n't believe it was n't caught in the development process.In short , this program is less than what it should be , and definitely not what I needed to organize my photo collection .
 Although this product might be of use to the very casual photographer with a small number of images to manage , it lacks two critical features that any one with more than a few-hundred locally stored photos will sorely miss
 I bought this product as a companion to Photoshop Elements 2.0 . Album is one of the most bug-ridden products I have ever used.By contrast , Elements works very well . For a view of the types of bugs in Album , go to the Adobe web site , then navigate to discussion group under support for Album . You will find nearly 600 inputs , with mostly complaints and `` see if this works '' work-arounds for bugs . Far too many to list here . Album did not load on my desktop using WIn 98 2nd edition . I was told to look through the 600 user complaints to find a solution . It was there , but it took quite a bit of time . My notebook with Win XP installed ok , but would not boot up without yet another visit to the user 's work-around pages . Product does not support some scanner formats -LRB- Visioneer -RRB- . I was told to convert these formats to pdf so they would be recognized by Album.Consider other options than this software . It was not ready for release . Adobe usually releases good products . Not this time .
 While Photoshop Album has many exciting features , it is not a professional product comparable to other Photoshop products . The major flaw is that it constantly freezes up , sometimes with error messages , sometimes without . I have gone to the Adobe website for support , but am so overwhelmed by the number and complexity of suggested cures that I do not wish to begin . Ultimately , I had to remove it from my hard drive.Anothr flaw , thumbnail filenames are not visible in either the catalogue or work space . I have nearly 10,000 files currently organized by the sequential numbering system that my Nikon Coolpix provides , including a detailed technical description of each photo . But instead of file numbers in Photoshop Album thumbnails , I get exclusively the date and time . While dates and user supplied tags , which Photshop Album provides , are acceptable methods of organization , filenames , which the program does not provide , are invaluable when working on specific projects , especially large ones like weddings , birthdays , holidays , family gatherings and such , which may contain several hundred files . When I open a folder of 300 digital wedding photos , for example , all taken on the same day , the date and time visible on Photoshop Album thumbnails are of no value-I need my original filenames , especially if I wish to retrieve , edit and save the original photos in different formats often with different photoshop effects . Without filenames , the program seems designed primarily for amateurs.Another problem , when I move files around in the workplace , the program always snaps back to the beginning . If I switch , for example , file 124 with 126 , the program executes the change then automatically snaps all the way back to the beginning row of files , forcing me to scroll after each switch back to the area I 'm working in . This yo yo effect is very inefficient and thorougly annoying.I have contacted Adobe , but no response . My advice , if you are a pro looking for a great way to organize thousands of files , wait for Photoshop Album 2.0 . Maybe somebody out there in Seattle is really listening to customer complaints and will make the appropriate changes .
 Adobe Photoshop Album is not worth the price . I would not buy it again . The primary reason is that , regardless of advertising and info on the box , one can not make an acceptable quality VCD and , of course , no DVD quality disks . Even Adobe admits they do not support MPEG-2 or true MPEG-1 quality . The only value to the product is the ability to send slideshows -LRB- very limited editing -RRB- by creating a . pdf . Most receivers can then open and view your pictures . Do not buy version 1.0 .
 Adobe Photo Shop Album sounds good and the features are basic but acceptable . The big problem is that it wo n't install on your computer without freezing . I have attempted to install the program on two different computers and both get the same results . It freezes at the registration area and that 's it . I have searched the web and Adobe 's site for fixes . Clearly , it 's a widespread problem . Even Adobe 's patch designed to fix the problem does n't work . Their support site is filled with rhetoric as to why it probably is not their fault.It 's a shame that they -LRB- Adobe -RRB- would put a product on the market that will not work with ordinary computers and it 's not like mine are from the stoneage ... I have Windows XP , IE 6 and P3 with plenty of RAM . It seems like they are trying to rev up their `` Paid Support '' business.Shame . Shame . Shame .
 I am disapointed with Adobe Photoshop Album . The quality of the photos I print using Microsoft Picture It ! is much better . The colors print better with Picture It ! also.I also found the Help with Photoshop Album to be lacking . I 'm searching for a better program .
 After searching for software that would display and organize my digital photos I purchased Adobe Photoshop Album . Big mistake ! While the intended functionality of the software is perfect for my needs , the Adobe implementation is very unreliable . I 'm not able to view a slide show without my computer -LRB- Windows 98SE -RRB- locking up . Installed on a new computer with Windows XP and now have an error message that displays on every boot up . None of the support has been helpful , including the laborious `` debug the database yourself using Microsoft Access '' advice I received and was able to do but to no avail . After spending several hours trying everything including Adobe 's version `` upgrades '' I give up .
 I purchased Photoshop Album 1.0.50 for the ease of using drag and drop tags and tagging many images at once . Unfortunately PSA does not allow me to browse on my Win2000 Pro -LRB- SP4 -RRB- based system . Consequently I ca n't search for image files or catalogs , nor can I save a catalog to other folders or drives . If you are considering this product , you should be aware that it is still fairly buggy . Trying out the demo version from Adobe might be informative , although it is a huge file -LRB- ~ 126 Mb -RRB- .
 DANGER DANGER!I include myself here amongst the cadre of users who are complaining that this program `` locks-up '' or freezes in Windows XP.My experience is corroborated by the volume of complaints one can observe in Adobe 's Album support forum and Adobe 's meek efforts to supply users with a troubleshooting guide for the `` freezes '' on the Photoshop Album support area of their website.I understand that this is a 1.0 product , but that does not excuse Adobe from its responsibility to release a program that is stable in the O/S 's it has been released for.In fact , this is the first piece of software I have purchased from a large company that does not work - AT ALL !!! I recommend that buyers with Windows XP wait until a stable version has been released as Adobe does not offer a money-back guarantee if purchased thru any other means than the Adobe Store on their website .
 ... I expect quality products from Adobe , and was eager to play with this tool . It was a disappointing experience . The menus were clumsy , performance was slow , the editing features were primitive , and it did n't watch folders to detect new images . I thought it was bloated and awkward ... It appears I will stick with FotoAlbum ... and PhotoshopElements -LRB- an outstanding Adobe product -RRB- . After tinkering with Picasa , NikonView , FujiFinePix , KodakEasyShare , OlympusCamediaMaster , and PhotoshopAlbum , FotoAlbum is my favorite . It has the features I want at the perfect price .
 At first I was excited about this product as it organized photos easily and I spent 5 hours putting together a great slide show . My disappointment happened when it would n't burn a DVD viewable slide show as advertised ... got constant error codes . After numerous lengthy calls to Adobe Tech Support -LRB- Non-toll free ! -RRB- . They acknowledged a possible software interface problem with Windows XP and `` their engineers were investigating and it could take up to a month before a fix was developed . '' Adobe customer support disappointing too . Called an hour after their advertised opening time only to recieve taped message stating they were closed ?
 This program received Editor 's Choice , which will certainly make me think twice about purchasing based on this criteria again.The question is n't `` what wo n't this software do ? '' , it is what WILL it do?Junky photo output , a tag system which was designed by a kindergarten class , more crashes than rush hour in chinatown.You will spend more time trying to use work-arounds , than simple drag & drop principles.Do not buy this product . Look on the Adobe forum , and see exactly how many people echo this sediment . Oh , by the way , Adobe gives you `` one free call '' , and then they charge you . Picking what you want to complain to them about would be tougher than telling the genie my one wish . Maybe you want to call them and say the boxed version does n't even load . Their web site acknowleges this with an upgrade , but only after you tear your hair out tinkering with your config , etc.Adobe , how about re-releasing a professional piece of code ; not second rate shareware quality . -LRB- an insult to fine shareware actually -RRB- One other thing , there is a free demo on their site . Try this first . It 's probably a big mistake they have posted this demo , as it is a negative sales tool .
 Sounds great , but where is the Mac version ?
 I would advise anyone considering buying Adobe Photoshop Album to visit Adobe 's website . A look at the forum section will give you an idea of the MANY problems users are having trying to make this buggy software work properly.I installed the Starter Edition to see if I wanted to buy the full program later . My experience with Starter Edition was very positive . The full version is another story altogether . It simply wo n't install on my computer . The program claims to support WIN98 SE , but during installation I get a message telling me it wo n't support my operating system , which is , you guessed it , Windows 98 Second Edition.Another reviewer here mentioned that he had the same trouble and had to do an exhaustive search through the Adobe user forums to find a solution . Its pretty sad when a software comany 's user base has to assist each other to use one of its products.Adobe has a good reputation , but this clunker is not up to their usual standard . Avoid it !
 May be a fine piece of software for some folks , but it ate memory like a bad boy . Really never got it running right . Said that maximum photo import per session was 50,000 . Tried to import my measly 1800 pics -LRB- At 2 mp per -RRB- . Siezed halfway through import , then the thumbnails were of poor quality at that . Reinstalled a couple of times . Removed all excess startup programs . Still did n't work . My 128k was not enough memory . ...
 PC Magazine gave this program 5 stars . Did they use it or just read the feature list ? I did not have any technical problems with the program just design and features . For a program that is first and foremost a catalog , there 's no easy way to simply say `` update my catalog . '' If you delete a file without using Album it tries to reconnect . No way to turn this irritating feature off . No way to select extensions to include in Album . Although it lets you select the folders you want included , you ca n't save the list for next time . It 's also very slow to display the images and you do n't have zoom capability . For viewing , it 's not nearly as handy as Irfanview which is FREE . I remember Adobe Photo Deluxe version 1 which was so slow and bug riddled as to be unuseable . Eventually the product died . Looks like this one will follow in those ugly footsteps . Wish I could get my money back . Oh , I do like the timeline though . Really just a big disappointment .
 Is this the best that Adobe could do ? I think that the primary objective of photo album software should be to aid the user in organizing photos . This program does put all your photos into chronological order , and it allows you to easily tag them . But Adobe forces you to adopt their nomenclature of classification
 Just received my copy of PhotoAlbum yesterday , and immediately went to install . As of this morning , I 've unistalled and reinstalled 4 times . It will not acknowledge my registration -LRB- done 4 times now -RRB- . Program will not even allow me to by-pass this redundant registration process , because then it freezes up EVERY SINGLE TIME ! Went to Adobe 's website to get tech support -- HA ! Even though I have several Adobe products , and have registered each one , the website will not let me access the online tech support because it claims not to `` recognize '' my login despite numerous attempts . Now I ca n't even return this POS . Not Amazon 's fault , I know . But now I 've just spent $ 50 for something completely unusable to me .
 This product is ok . But it 's to limited if you want to maintain a lot of photo 's If you have more then 300 photo 's go look at imatch it 's great and the price is good to.Adobe photoshop album is just to limited .
 Despite promising to put all your photo management needs in one box , Photoshop Album fails to deliver . As a photo organizer , it is disappointing . Because of the choice to use photo `` tagging '' rather than heirarchical structure , displays are chaotic and lack obvious features such as filename labeling . Print features are weak and editing features are very limited . ... But I had assumed , especially given the jazzy options described in the advertising , that Adobe could be trusted to deliver a very high-quality slideshow program . Wrong . This mediocre program is no better than many free downloads . Presentation choices are limited . For example , the user has little control over the number of images on a page -LRB- pick 1-each , 2-each , or a rigid 1-3-2 rotation -RRB- . The image quality of albums exported to pdf format is surprisingly weak , and rendered more objectionable by the lack of any alternative sharing format -LRB- other than the deplorable VCD format already amply criticized on this page -RRB- . Transitions are graphically unsophisticated . One can not add captions to slides and pages within the album ; one must append them to the image itself , requiring a workaround if you wish to use the same image with different captions in different albums.On top of that , Photoshop Album , even with the recent 1.0.1 update , is terribly buggy . Again , slideshows are the worst offenders . How Adobe managed to create so many conflicts is difficult to imagine , given that we are working with relatively simple image data.To justify its publication , this program must deliver either simple tools or powerful tools . The tools are too limited to be powerful and too buggy to be simple . ...
 I use Adobe Photoshop , Illustrator , and PageMaker all the time . but Adobe has yet to publish a mainstream photo cataloging program . If you 're serious about cataloguing graphics , try Extensis Portfolio . Much more robust .
 I purchased the software to create slideshows viewable on the DVD player . The software worked as stated but the resolution on the slideshow was poor . There was not enough options for music ; listening to the same song -LRB- mp3 -RRB- over and over got boring . These two problems make is necessary for me to look for other software . Good features were timeline ; ability to add captions and ability to add video clips . I hope Adobe comes up with a free upgrade for their existing customers . They certainly did NOT live up to quality of products we expect from Adobe .
 i think some of the features of this program are excellent . the tagging is a very easy and intuitive way to organize the photos . i have about 2000 images and i just blasted thru them ... tagging/cross tagging every photo.the problem is ... it worked for a few times , and now it hangs everytime ! and then i ca n't end it . i have to do a soft reboot using the power button . XP home -LRB- totally new install -RRB- . i 've updated the program w / 1.01 -LRB- which , inexplicably changes the version number to 1.050 -RRB- and it 's still the same problem.so , i ca n't recommend this program . wait for version 2.0 .
 This is the worst piece of Adobe software ever . If the higher priced applications like Photoshop , etc. would be so bad , Adobe would not exist today . When I installed my copy , I could not even browse to files on my D
 Do not buy this program . The software is unable to video encode a slide show to video disk or dvd . The online help file instructs you to remove any background music . It 's amazing how these companies charge full price , taking good money for a product that does n't deliver as advertised .
 No zoom ? Kidding?It just feels clumsy .
 After all the money I 've spent on Adobe software over the years I was delighted when they gave this away free at PMA . Now I see its PC-only so I guess I 'm getting my money 's worth .
 Well from what I can see this is a Windows only product and for good reason . This is a $ 40 + piece of software ? Apple computers ship with iPhoto , which will import caragorize , manage , let you sort and find , compile custom albums using the same photo in as many as you like , retouch photos , create web albums , create QuickTime slide shows , crop rotate , etc. . . but always lets you revert back to the original , even after the app is closen & re-opened , applu images as desktop background , drop selected photos into email -LRB- with custom resizing if you dont want to send large files -RRB- , and much much much more . The up shot is that its available from Apple completely free . iMovie is also free which allows you to use iPhoto to use your photo collection to create full movies using animations based on your iPhoto collections , and iTunes -LRB- free music library manager/player -RRB- will supply the soundtrack for iMovie movies , or iTunes Slide shows . -LRB- iDVD will burn iMovie projects to DVD but Apple has to charge for iDVD to cover the DVD licensing costs . -RRB- Macs might be a little more pricy when compared to a low end Intel computer with generic parts , but this is the kind of thing youre getting with Apple . A computer that really does the things out of the box that you want to do with it . Save your $ 40 and invest in a nicer computing experience , not another piece of software . :--RRB- This app should be free .
 I , too am a Mac user , and am astonished that Adobe only is offering this to PC users.We are all hoping that when they come out with version 2 , that it will be cross-platform like Adobe 's other great programs . I need it !
 I have used Photo Album versions 1 and 2 , and have created CD slide shows of my bicycle tours . It is never easy to do . When you first import photos into the program 's `` well '' they are large enough to see what 's in them . When you go to the next stage -LRB- the `` create '' stage -RRB- -- where you can sort and re-arrange the slides -- the photos are way too small and you ca n't enlarge them . Also , I create title pages in Photoshop and import them , and in the `` create '' stage , you ca n't make out the words to figure out where to place them . Also , I have prepared complete slide shows and gotten to the point where I was previewing them -LRB- as happened today -RRB- and the program would freeze , and I lost hours of work . Not good ! Now we know why Adobe has stopped selling the program and is just providing a simple version for free .
 Adobe Photo Album 's advantage is its ability to catalog photos . However , I think that more and more people are beginning to look for the ability to organize photos with other files like words and music . For ease of use and ability to link photo with titles , text , songs and songs , the newly release Memories Instant Computer Scrapbook wins hands down . -LSB- ... -RSB- I want software like Adobe to go beyond generic photo organizing capabilities . I 'm looking to the new generation of software like Memories that can handle all sorts of multimedia and is very easy to use
 I 've used Adobe Premiere 6.5 for some time and have found it to be a decent product . I felt that Adobe Photoshop Album would be another product of similar quality . It is n'tThis software has potential , but Adobe released it before insuring it is reliable and stable . Within 5 minutes of installing this software and running it , Windows 2000 popped up the dreaded Blue Screen of Death . As a side note , it takes some pretty poorly written software to crash Windows 2000 , and this is the first software to crash my system in over 9 months ! Other than this `` software '' , my system has always been rock solid.I did get it running on a laptop with XP , however it still exhibited buggy behavior , e.g. dialog boxes that did n't go away after the function was completed.I even downloaded the most recent patch as of 4/23/03 and the description of issues corrected discussed instability problems . Still , the patch was n't enough . After installing the patch , and finally re-installing the software and re-installing the patch , it 's just as unstable as it ever was . If I 'm lucky , Photoshop Album just shuts down with an unexpected error , or locks up so I can terminate it . Worst case , it creates a fault so severe Windows 2000 crashes . In my opinion , any software that crashes an OS this robust should go directly to the trash heap.Fortunately , with rebates , I did n't pay much for this software , but I 'm giving up on it in lieu of waiting for Adobe to come out with yet another patch that may or may not fix my problem . Instead , I 'm going with ACDSee 5.0 . I 've used 3.1 for years and found it to be vastly more capable AND STABLE than Adobe.If you 're running Windows 2000 , beware . It may be a combination of software and hardware , but it 's been a long time since anything has gummed up my PC like this product . Adobe should have spent a few more months in beta testing before rushing this product to market . Maybe by Version 2.0 they 'll have something that 's worthwhile . There are many more stable products out there right now .
 DO NOT TRUST THIS SOFTWARE PROGRAM TO SAFELY DOWNLOAD FROM A CAMERA OR CARD READER AND THEN USE THE `` ERASE PHOTOS '' FEATURE ON THE SOURCE !!! All you 'll get is thumbnails that ca n't be printed or viewed ! And I had to reboot to find this wonderfull fact out ! As the helpful customer service rep at Adobe told me ; `` Always copy your digital images to the hard drive first , then acces the images with Adobe 's Album . ` Course if you do n't have another software program to download from your camera , you 're out of luck . I guess I 'll go back to using the software that came with my Canon . It never lost any pictures ! And another glitch ; Album would not download 100 % of the photos unless numerous attempts were made ... Strange
 This is an OK program for organizing home image files in an innovative way . The tagging system saves some trouble of naming your images properly.However , it does not work if you 're trying to organize thousands of photos on your harddrive . I think that the program will be at least a little better if it is also coupled with the ability to browse -LRB- in the Windows Explorer style , such as ACDSee -RRB- the images and also display the file names on the thumbnails . I got the software couple months ago , and I have not touched it since the first couple days of getting it . I still use ACDSee to organize and browse all my images.Overall , this probably works for home users , but for more professional image management , it still has a long way to go .
 Adobe dominates the market for computer graphics software for professionals , each loaded with features and each at a premium price . Nearly anybody in the business willingly plunks -LSB- a lot of money -RSB- for programs like Photoshop , Illustrator , and others that make our lives more productive . Perhaps because it is a first version , ALBUM does n't live up to Adobe 's tradition ; it is a simple program designed for simple problems and small , simple graphics , and has limitations that should have easily been resolved in the beta texting phase.I run a stock photo business and need to track thousands of images . ALBUM starts to do this , but with some maddening features and limitations . For starters , once you import images into the program , it displays them very nicely -- but instead of file names -LRB- an essential for a program like this -RRB- , it displays the file creation time and date ! If you highlight one image , its file name and size is visible in an adjacent panel , but it is not shown next to the thumbnail where you need it.And if you produce big image files , ALBUM chokes on the 25mb-plus files that are common with graphics professionals . For those of us who sometimes work with 50mb and larger files produced by Photoshop , the inability of ALBUM to handle such files seems odd.An little-known and inexpensive program -LRB- and I have no financial interest in this company -RRB- is Thumbs Plus from Cerious Software . Thumbs will handle any file size or type . It does n't do CDs or picture packages and does n't have such a handsome interface , but shows any available information for each individual file.ALBUM seems clearly designed for an amature photographer audience , and serves this market well enough -- the photo package is nice , and the ability to burn CDs and DVDs directly is nice , too . If you keep your file sizes and expectations small , ALBUM is worth its small price ... And if Adobe gets around to bringing this program up to PHOTOSHOP standards , I would be ready to pay PHOTOSHOP prices for it . Documentation is skimpy and maybe I missed something in the options panel , but my first use of this promising program was a disappointment . There 's a need for a full-featured , professional-grade , image management program , and -LRB- despite its limitations -RRB- I guess Thumbs Plus will have to do for now .
 Was very disappointed . Running 1 ghz processor , 128 mb RAM . Software said maximum 50,000 pictures uploaded at a time . Uploaded my measly 1800 pics . Seized the system.Reloaded a couple of times , emptied my startup files . Still same problem . I 'm sending it back and going to Picasa . I tried it free for a couple of weeks and it worked like a charm .
 Upon trying this software I discovered that the keyword tag ability - the highlight of the program - is rather crippled by the fact that you can only have 3 levels of category , and Adobe wo n't let you change the top one -LRB- People , Events , Places , Other . -RRB- You can add subcategories to those -LRB- only one level -RRB- and then tags inside them . You can NOT make arbitrary category nesting many levels deep . For anyone who wants to really categorize things thoroughly , this is a severe limitation in what should have been the best feature . I 'm disappointed .
 This program has a very limited number of designs , and will only make calendars until 2010 . There are no updates available . Not really worth the money .
 No support from Snap , so I can not tell you if its a good product . I have issues running it and have been trying to get support from them for a couple of weeks now . They have no phone number to call and their tech support does not respond to emails faster than 5 days or so .
 This will turn your PC into A PVR . And it does , when it works . I would say it is better than Tivo some of the time . It is cheaper , has more features than Tivo . Only problem with me was it would crash the whole system if trying to watch live or recorded tv , although it recorded fine . Maybe this was a problem with my hardware , but whos to say ? The problem is , they have email only tech support . So after waiting 3 business days , you will get a generic response , asking you to try something that you already tried 2 days ago . I have 11 computer certifications , so the problem was n't anything simple . SO I am breaking down and getting a Tivo , which I should have done in the first place .
 First off . I 'm an advanced computer user . This software is a pain from start to finish . There are known problems where some recordings play twice the size of the television making it useless to watch them . The capture card you buy from their site give you an incredibly bad picture for analog cable users -LRB- Tivo looks 5x better -RRB- . But worst of all , Beyond tv will try its hardest find some reason NOT to record the shows you tell it to record . For instance , one time it decided it no longer knew what directory to record the shows to . Other times it just did n't record stuff , and did n't give a reason . So basically you have to check up on it every day to make sure it is still working . what a dissapointment .
 Beyond TV 4 really stinks . I have Media Center 2005 , and purchased and installed Beyond TV 4 to replace it . The primary goal was the stated ability to reencode TV programs to DivX , saving a great deal of disk space.The problem is , the conversion does n't work . It does one of two things
 Used to work ok . In retrospect , it 's never been worth what they charge for it , but it was ok . It took a long time to load , sometimes would hang up , etc. - I have more than adequate RAM , processing speed , etc. . The recent upgrade to 4.81 is however a nightmare . It has kicked off some of the local channels and is causing my whole computer to lock up and has gotten even slower in loading and processing . Until they fix the current release , I would strongly advise against purchase .
 I consider myself an advanced computer user and have a degree in computer science , which is why it frustrated me so much that I could not get this software working . After a month of trying to I just gave up . The actual TV interface is pretty nice . The online guide is large so you can see it from a distance , it 's easy to record programs , and the guide interface displays information about the program you 're watching.The main problem with this software is the interface with SnapStream.net 's online TV Guide . You have to create an account on their site , pick your cable provider , and then Beyond TV connects to the guide to download program data . Problem is , if SnapStream is down , it ca n't download the guide . That would n't be a big deal however you can not change the channel or even watch TV if the Guide is down , unless you go through setup again and deactivate it -LRB- a big pain -RRB- . Beyond TV will simply tell you it can not retrieve program data and will not let you view the channel . I constantly had other problems with this guide . It takes a long time to download and you ca n't watch TV while it does . I also figured out it was the main cause for Beyond TV not working literally 60 % of the time , because as I mentioned , if there is a problem with the guide you ca n't view a show at all.Lastly , the software just feels like it was put together at the last minute . For instance , there are two different setup screens . One is available through the program , and the other one is available from a web site interface . They both have smiliar functions , yet are not connected -LRB- you ca n't access the web interface through the software -RRB- . Some setup functions you need one program to use and some you have to use the web interface . The software also leaves a large memory footprint . I used to have it start automatically when Windows starts , but got sick of waiting for the program and it 's 7 helper applications to load.Beyond TV looks like a great program visually and has some nice features . It would be even better if the software was reliable enough to use.Update
 I would give this product five stars , because of the terrific features and interface ... but I can confirm the bug others have reported here , in that it sometimes , randomly , just does n't record any audio . And I would n't score down a review for a mere bug but for the fact that a -RRB- it 's a show-stopper , and b -RRB- the bug has existed for YEARS now and has still gone unfixed ... apparently unacknowledged , even!I was unfortunate enough to discover this _ after _ I bought the full copy , but at least I got a very nice firefly remote out of it that I can put to use in an alternative like MCE or SageTV .
 When it works , it rivals my Replay and Tivo experience . However , that said , it is `` buggy '' . You can not depend on it functioning as expected . THAT WAS MY ORIGINAL REVIEW ! AFTER GOING ROUND & ROUND FOR NEARLY A MONTH , THE PROBLEM WAS SOLVED BY SNAPSTREAM . AM I A HAPPY CAMPER ? YES ! I still resent that you can not talk to any support person -- it is all done via email back and forth . You can not even get the phone answered at their Houston TX office . FIVE STARS WOULD BE MY CURRENT RATING !!! It just took awhile and lots of irritation to get there .
 My expectation was to install the recommended hardware , hook up the cable , watch live tv , record shows and play them back . After the installation there was a problem at every step . First figure out your cable characteristics , then discover that your cable source encodes the channels that you want the most and that they are not available thru a third party tuner.Next , after you scan for the available channels you must tediously map them to the Snapstream lineup . Live tv seemed to work okay.Tried to use the scheduling guide to see what 's on and watch a show . Error . Tried to go back to Live-TV . Error . Tried to play back something that was miraculously recorded . Error.The forums are full of users with unresolved problems . In this day and age , programs must be more robust and stable than this . I would have expected this in the 70 's . I have no interest in dedicating significant time trying to figure out why this does n't work . I 'll just get DVR from my cable co. .
 I read great things about this program so I bought it . A total disappointment !! It does not have nearly half of the Diskeeper Pro controls and functionality .
 `` Perfectdisk 8 is ALL HYPE ! - Diskeeper 10 Pro Premier `` with IFAAST '' , is MUCH BETTER ! `` Update - went to DK2008 , and IFAAST -LRB- & / or boot defrag ? -RRB- corrupted my computer !? by scottls -LRB- see profile -RRB- - September 18 , 2007Pros : NONE ! With all the HYPE , I expected great results ! - NOT!Cons : Constant disk activity , slows browser , SLOW defrag ... ! Full user opinionI am a software tech , and am always testing products for my clients . I currently use/install Diskeeper 10 Pro `` Premier -LRB- with IFAAST advanced pgm placement ! -RRB- '' . PerfectDisk placement uses last modified , where IFAAST keeps track of `` total usage '' . After reading the long list of nifty sounding features in PD8 - I just HAD to `` Free Trial '' it -LRB- I suggest that you free trial them both , and see for yourself ! -RRB- ! I did every defrag feature it had - MFT , SYS files ... Bottom line is how does my system -LRB- DELL XPS 400 , 3.2 ghz dual core , 4gig memory , XP , NOD32 , SpySweeper ... , did chkdsk & thorough file/Registry clean ... -RRB- perform -LRB- compared to DK10 -RRB- ? -1 . Restarts were 20 % longer .2 . Browser/email opens MUCH slower , or not at all -LRB- hangs/restart ! -RRB- .3 . The killer for me was the constant disk activity every 6-8 seconds -LRB- watch you HD light ! -RRB- ! - I have a 10,000 rpm WD Raptor `` C '' HD -LRB- WOW ! -RRB- , that is a little noisy just during use . The constant `` Brrrp '' , drove me NUTS , and the drive NEVER was never able to Turn off after 20 min -LRB- my Power Setting / DK2008 too ! -RRB- ! 4 . Full system anti-virus scan was 20 % slower .5 . Defrag on my 3mbps SATA slave HD , took 2 Hours -LRB- 5min with DK10 -RRB- ! I also `` HATED '' DK 2007 's constant defrag ! - corrupted pgm installations!My performance tricks with DK 10 Pro `` Premier '' ! -1 . Schedule `` set and forget '' IFAAST daily/late for a week , then weekly -LRB- I still schedule daily at 12am -RRB- . NOTE ! - You have to schedule IFAAST daily -LRB- late -RRB- for a week , before you will start seeing the `` amazing '' speed/opening improvement.after I uninstalled PD8 -LRB- did `` complete '' PD8 defrag , just prior -RRB- , and then reinstalled DK10 ! - DK stats showed a 17 % improvement over PD8 ! 2 . I Schedule `` set and forget '' defrag -LRB- NOT MANUAL ! - not as complete ... ! -RRB- , daily at 3pm ! I set defrag speed from `` slow '' to `` fastest '' ! 3 . `` Once weekly '' - schedule a secondary `` Comprehensive '' total defrag.a . On a different day of the week - Manually defrag the MFT , on startup .4 . IMPORTANT ! - When setting up pre-allocated MFT -LRB- registry -RRB- size ! - !! NEVER ! go 20k more than already in use !
 Bought 2 of em , for 4th and 6th grade . Both seem to have extreamly similar questions . The reading and language arts are complete wasete of time .
 i got this Spy sweeper because i had Vertumonde and TrojDloadr-BCZ in my computer . Spy Sweeper ran the application , detected the harmful software AND REFUSED TO REMOVE IT ! No matter how many times i sweeped with this latest version , It would not remove any of my trojans/viruses . I contacted their tech support with a ticket . they got back to me telling me to update the verison . I was uspset at that solution since i told them i am already running the latest version and i double checked on that and Spy Sweeper is still not working ! I so far have not gotten any answer back and i suspect i never will.Their firewall as well does nothing at all . I went on Paltalk into the Finance section chat room , and was immediately fludded with more viruses , cookies and spyware ! So much for the firewall Spy Sweeper ! I am now switching to ZoneAlarm . i tried the free version and the firewall seems to hold up really well.in short i would give this software a zero in stars if i could !
 This program could not get rid of a few the adware I had and was slowing down my system . I uninstalled it but it removed some windows components . Some of my other appliaction would n't run no matter what until I reinstalled back the spy sweeper . Meanwhile , the tech support was completely unsupportive and would n't return emails .
 I bought SpySweeper when suddenly I was plagued with popup fake msgs telling me I had a virus and needed to buy the popups product.SpySweeper could not remove the malware . The Help Menus and Manual were quite weak with only brief explainations and little real info . The SpySweeper online Knowledge Base is equally poor.SpySweeper 's phone line tech help can handle simple installation problems for their product but you must submit their online request form if you need ` real ' SpySweeper help removing malware as I did . However , for and additional $ 99 you can get `` immediate professional assistance . '' The online -LRB- free -RRB- process was competent and after 5 days of emails and special software scans the malware was removed . I now know that this is not uncommon when getting rid of malware using any of the Anti spware/Virus programs.It turns out that these Anti-spyware programs often wo n't actually STOP intallation of malware . Rather , they will find it later during routine scans and TRY with mixed results to remove it.You may want to consider a well known free program
 It hijacked my browswer and took me to a promotional website when I tried to uninstall it -- if it behaves like scumware , it is scumware in my book.As near as I can tell , it does nothing but make users believe that it is busy catching `` problems '' that other applications do n't . THAT is why it is getting positive reviews -- people are being snookered into believing that it is `` better spyware '' when it appears to do nothing but create false reports on a clean system.I had turned off my firewall and forgot to turn it back on -- and ended up with one of those search engine hijackers that keeps morphing to make removal difficult . I found advice on some spyware forums where people will guide you step-by-step through manual removal procedures . Being lazy , I was looking for a quicker fix and followed the advice of those who had no technical advice beyond `` go here to download SpySweeper . `` This annoying application continued to make bogus identifications after I had successfully fixed the problem manually -- it kept identifying non-specific `` generic '' maybe-potentially-couldbe intrusions . -LRB- It also did n't correctly identify the cause of the problem in the first place . -RRB- That alone is annoying , but even more annoying is that after making these `` generic '' identifications , it said that I would need to make a purchase to remove them . When I finally got disgusted enough to uninstall it , it opened my browser and took me to its website to prompt me to purchase it ! It behaves exactly like the search engine hijacker that I had removed about two weeks ago!Others say it sucks -- I have less polite things to say about it .
 I purchased SpySleeper to fix a recent infection in my computer . Although it detected and cleaned 2 trojans
 I have a 5th grader who attended school in California . We tried out this product yesterday , and here are some of the findings : It took 3 computers to get the product to install properly -LRB- I have one computer which had foreign OS -RRB- . We first tried the math test for California , the questions were full of errors -LRB- 4 out of 30 questions -RRB- . At the end of tests , you do not have the correct answer displayed , all you have is the percentage of the correct answers . Also , you can not save your answers , so if you need to do it again , you have to do all the questions all over again.Then we tried the English test , the program crashed and my son wasted all the time . We gave it up after it.Buy a SAT book if you interested in this item .
 Very disappointing release ! I have been a GoLive user for going on two years now and after a long waiting period , CS2 is finally upon us . Unfortunately , CS2 did not herald the bug fixes and core improvements so many GoLive users have been waiting for.The most glaring problem is that GoLive CS2 still does not have a history feature . Even ridiculously simple functions like previewing your in-development pages make it impossible to revert to a previous state and undo any mistakes . Perform a find/replace and again , once you commit to the replace you can not undo the change.What is the point of previewing your webpage if you ca n't go back and correct a mistake ? It is this kind of blatant oversight that damns GoLive to being a subpar program that just does n't feel as intuitive or polished as other Adobe products.There have been a number of small improvements -LRB- such as an advanced CSS library -RRB- but those changes can not make you overlook the fact that at its core , GoLive CS2 is a buggy and fundamentally broken product that fails to deliver on every level.Another poor showing . When will Adobe get this right ? Not worth the money as a stand alone product and certainly not worth upgrading from CS .
 My wife purchased CS2 as required for her college courses . The product did NOT install properly , and it took two weeks with multiple calls to Adobe until we finally found someone technically competent enough to fix the issue . -LRB- Turns out if you have CS , you have to be careful to uninstall ALL components prior to installing CS2 . But that is not documented except in some tech manual inside Adobe support . -RRB- She spent long nights for the next week trying to get a simple web page with images to come up without using tables . -LRB- E.g. using CSS . -RRB- Not being an HTML technical Guru , she thought the problems were something she had done . When she got back to school she found that many of the students are having the same problem . For example
 I ca n't even get this program to run for longer than ten minutes . At random intervals the program just shuts down and leaves me at my desktop . I 'm running this program on a top of the line Windows XP laptop and I know my computer is not to blame . I far surpass the minimum requirements.This is worse than GoLive 6 ... . and I have a deadline on a website ! Thanks a lot Adobe for your useless software .
 What does a software company do , when they have a program that 's just a nightmare to use ? They buy the biggest competitor!Adobe has never been known for creating viable software -LRB- besides PhotoShop and PageMaker -RRB- . So when Adobe released GoLive they thought they 'd be able to corner the highly competitive web design software market . Unfortunately , as proven in previous versions , GoLive fails on every level.So in order to keep at least active in the market , Adobe recently puchased rival Macromedia , who 's Dreamweaver is the market leader in web design software.Now , we 're just wating to see if Adobe manages to mess up Dreamweaver the same way they with the dud called `` Adobe GoLive '' .
 I 'm an amateur at web design/building , so if I 've found several quirks and bugs , imagine what the REAL developers experience . The good news
 First of all , this product is unbelievably bloated , it takes literally minutes to come up . That would n't be so bad if it was a decent product , but it 's quite the opposite . Numerous bugs , frequent crashes and non-intuite UI are enough to drive anyone insane . IF you for some reason decide to use this , there 's one piece of advice for you
 Adobe GoLive CS2 is easily the worst application I 've used in years . I went through the Adobe GoLive `` Classroom In a Book '' and then proceeded to develop a very simple website . I quickly discovered that the book carefully avoids doing anything too complex , because the software simply ca n't handle it.This software crashes regularly . I quickly became trained to save the file after each operation . Other bugs include its inability to produce code that can be interpreted by either MS Internet Explorer or Mozilla Firefox . Pages will appear different in each browser . Java scripts might work in one or the other browser , seldom in both . Also , CSS text formatting tags -LRB- a : link , a : hover etc. -RRB- perform differently in each browser , the preview pane and the so-called Live Rendering screens.It is very clear that this software was not thoroughly tested before being released . Or , more likely , it was released to meet a delivery target rather than any established quality criteria .
 I can not rate the product I purchased -LRB- Adobe Go-Live CS2 -RRB- because I can not use it . I received the software in a Flat Rate Mailing Envelope , inside of which was a printed User Guide , measuring 1 '' thick and 7.5 '' x 8.5 '' in size . -LRB- A pretty heavy book -RRB- Also included was a plastic CD case containing 2 Discs ; one for Macintosh and one for Windows . I needed the Windows disc . However , since there was no padding or protection of any kind in the mailing envelope , the CD case had been broken . There were small pieces of plastic from the case inside the envelope when I opened it , and guess what ! The CD for Windows was cracked and is not usable . A little piece of bubble padding would have saved us all a lot of time and trouble!I am not wishing to write a review of the item I purchased . I am wishing for a refund of my money or a replacement of the useless CD I received.Has anyone out there had a similar experience and needed to contact the entity that took your money ?
 GoLive CS2 gets ZERO stars . Having worked with GoLive since 2003 on Macintosh , in February 2007 I upgraded to CS2 -- piece of crapola -- big mistake . `` 1 star '' is one too many!GoLive used to be a nice program . Whether you are an old user or thinking of getting it anew , do n't . I regret upgrading to GoLive CS2 -- and Adobe wo n't make it right granting suckers like me a $ 200 upgrade to Dreamweaver -LRB- vs. $ 400 -RRB- . Adobe offers GoLive 9 via their website , but do n't fall for it . Adobe is phasing out GoLive . Shame on Adobe ! If I had any choice , I 'd dump Adobe in a second , but Dreamweaver is the only game in town for Macintosh . Adobe , because you 've abandoned your GoLive users
 Here 's your chance to see John Wayne when he was a B movie maker , churning out 5 to 10 forgettable films a year with titles like `` Born Reckless '' -LRB- 1930 -RRB- , `` Arizona '' -LRB- 1931 -RRB- , `` Texas Cyclone '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- , etc. . Then in 1939 he made `` Stagecoach '' with John Ford , and his new career as a star began . Stagecoach earned 5 Oscars including Best Picture . Wayne followed up with `` Dark Command '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- directed by Raoul Walsh , and then a series of war movies -LRB- e.g. , `` Flying Tigers '' in 1942 , `` The Fighting Seabees '' in 1944 , `` Back to Bataan '' and `` They Were Expendable '' in 1945 -RRB- and his classic westerns including `` 3 Godfathers '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , `` Fort Apache '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , `` Red River '' -LRB- 1948 -RRB- , `` She Wore a Yellow Ribbon '' -LRB- 1949 , `` Rio Bravo '' -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , and `` The Alamo '' -LRB- 1960 -RRB- . Wayne was nominated for Best Actor for `` Sands of Iwo Jima '' -LRB- 1949 -RRB- and he would finally earn an Oscar for `` True Grit '' -LRB- 1969 -RRB- . This was the 6th of 16 films Wayne made with Monogram/Lone Star Pictures . Monogram churned out films by the month , usually in the summer , with little attention to detail or character development . Wayne said - `` For any actor trying to get on in the business , working at Monogram was not a good career move . Most of the contract players there may have had regular work , but they generally did n't move up from there into the major studios - they went down and that 's the direction I thought I was headed . `` Wayne plays a drifter looking for work , who is hired by the local sheriff as an undercover rodeo rider sent out to discover who is killing fellow rodeo riders.The film starts with Wayne riding a white horse and singing while playing the guitar , but it 's not Wayne 's voice . Wayne hated being portrayed as a `` singing '' cowboy because it made him feel like a `` pansy '' and he knew this relegated him to B status forever . Near the end of his career with Lone Star he refused any more singing roles.In 1934 alone , when this film was made , Wayne made 9 films , all of them westerns . All but one included George `` Gabby '' Hayes '' who was Wayne 's sidekick in dozens of films from 1933 -LRB- `` Riders of Destiny '' -RRB- to 1935 -LRB- `` Rainbow Valley '' -RRB- when Hayes moved on to partner with Hopalong Cassidy and later with Roy Rogers and then Gene Autry . Hayes -LRB- 1885-1969 -RRB- made nearly 200 films between 1929 and 1950 . In this film , as in many of them , Hayes plays the local Marshall . At this point Hayes had not yet grown the scrubby beard his character `` Gabby '' was famous for , but he does have a few days worth of stubble.Wayne 's long time mentor , stunt man , double , and good friend , Yakima Canutt -LRB- 1895-1986 -RRB- is along for the ride . They first worked together on `` The Shadow of the Eagle '' -LRB- 1932 -RRB- and made dozens of films together . As Canutt became more hobbled from injuries , he turned to directing and had a successful career as a second unit director handling action scenes . Wayne gave him his first chance in `` Dark Command '' -LRB- 1940 -RRB- . He went on to work on films such as `` Ivanhoe '' , `` Spartacus '' `` El Cid '' and `` Ben Hur '' . Wayne 's female co-star is Polly Ann Young -LRB- 1908-97 -RRB- , the sister of much more famous Loretta Young . In fact , Wayne had dated Polly Ann and this is how he got to meet Loretta , with whom he later co-starred . Polly made 34 films , mostly forgettable , of which this was her most prominent role . She plays a Judge 's daughter.The bad guy is played by Edward Peil Sr. -LRB- 1883-1958 -RRB- who often played the bad guy in these films . Peil appeared in more than 400 films , mostly in uncredited roles.The film was directed by Robert Bradbury -LRB- 1886-1949 -RRB- , who was the father of another 30s western star , Bob Steele -LRB- 1907-1988 -RRB- , who was a good friend of Wayne from his USC years -LRB- Wayne and Steel appeared in 6 films together between 1953 and 1970 -RRB- . Bradbury 's other son , Bob 's twin , dubbed the songs Wayne sung in the Monogram films -LRB- and he used the money he made to pay for medical school -RRB- . Bradbury made more than 100 films between and 1918 and 1941FWIW - Bradbury 's 1926 silent film `` Davy Crockett at the Fall of the Alamo '' was Wayne 's inspiration for his own 1960 Alamo film which he directed and in which he starred .1934 was an OK year for films . The top box office slots went to `` Viva Villa '' , `` Cleopatra '' and `` The Barretts of Wimpole Street '' and `` It Happened One Night '' was the big Oscar winner . That year `` The Thin Man '' series began , Karloff and Lugosi appeared in `` The Black Cat '' , Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers danced in `` The Gay Divorcee '' , Laurel and Hardy laughed it up in `` Babes in Toyland '' , and Howard Hawks ' `` Twentieth Century '' came out . There were no real major league westerns apart from the oat burners produced by Lone Star , but westerns were popular in serials , such as `` The Red Rider '' starring Buck Jones and `` The Law of the Wild '' starring Rin Tin Tin.There 's not much to see here except for historians of the western film and for people curious enough to wonder how `` Gabby '' Hayes looked before he grew his beard . Of course , stunts by Canutt in his young days are always good to see , and personally I never get tired of the young John Wayne .
 I purchased Carrara on the premise that it would expand on the capabilities of Infini-D . Many of the advertised features just do not work . I 've downloaded patches from metacreations web site and the program still does not work . There are more bugs in this program than a New York City apartment . Metacreations should be ashamed of themselves . How dare you put this piece of garbage on the market . Somebody call the police , I was robbed .
 If you 're a beginner and you need an easy to use product to burn CDs , then this is your product . A simple interface combined with a reliable burn , MyCD is the product for you . If you want flexibility and power -LRB- read as
 Sure , you can buy this software , but the question is , `` Why would you want to ? '' There has not yet been a single Mac OS X virus in the wild . If you 're a security nut who 's concerned about a possible future virus , go buy it , but buyer beware . The only reason you would need antivirus software for your Mac would be if you were running Virtual PC for Windows , but even then , you would want a Windows version , and there is no possibility that viruses could transfer from the Virtual PC to your Mac because the Mac can not understand the language these viruses are programmed in . -LRB- Look in _ The Missing Manual
 This was advertised to work with the mac os , it does n't . The disk does n't even say it is mac os compatable . I have used there products before on pcs and they work great . False advertising !
 I gave the seller a negative rating becuse the listing said the product could be used with Windows , Mac or Liux . I discovered when I received it that , like the older version I had , it will work only with Windows , which I no longer use . Furthermore , if I ran it with Windows XP , I could n't print the checks because XP wo n't drive a USB printer . I am currently working on installig a Linux-specific program . I regret having rated the vendor negatively because he said he did n't claim VersaCheck works with Linux or Mac ; someone at Amazon must have &#34; enhanced &#34; his copt without researching the claim he er she made . This has reflected badly on Awazon , and meais thah the vendor ' r negative rating should be rescinded .
 The GOOD
 Hey , get that `` works for macs '' thing off the ad . It does n't . And I did n't get a refund . I spit on this product and the place who sold it to me .
 Previously had Versacheck 2000 for MS WINDOWS . This was a great product . The Premium is a different story . Disk would not load and had to get another one . Some of the features did not work and the `` help '' feature is not much help . Tried to use the Web site for tech help and could not get any . If you email the tech people directly it costs you a fee . There is no 800 number for help . Would not recommend this product .
 This product is very difficult to understand . There are no workable help screens and the check design feature is complicated . There is also a bias toward relocating your checking account information into their accounting program rather than utilizing Quicken or Quickbooks . I thought it was just a way to design and pring my own checks , but it is far more involved than that . I am returning it and can not recommend it .
 I bought VersaCheck for the check printing and account ledger . I bought it intending to use with two bank accounts . When I learned I could n't -LRB- does not state that on the package -RRB- I was a little disappointed . Not long after that my computer crashed and needed to be formatted . I had to call and almost beg for them to re-validate my software . The lady told me and I quote '' I will `` I am only gon na do it this one time and that is it ! '' . She made me feel like I was stealing or it was my fault my PC crashed . Well , yesterday -LRB- 6-27-2011 -RRB- I sent tech support an email asking how I can move my license to a new PC . -LRB- Thinking I was doing the right thing -RRB- Boy was I wrong . I have called for tech support two times and both times are miserable . He/She said in his/her email that the validation code was for 2007 ... I bought the software from Sam 's Club in December 2008 . I wanted to start a new year out with a new system . By the way ... I love the personalization in the email . NO NAMES at all ... Well they will not get me to buy again . Please see below for the emails . Let me know if I was to harsh ... I was upset.Dear Michael , The code can not be moved it would need to be reset the activated on the new computer . This code is from 2007 and is no longer in our system and can not be reset . You would need to purchase a new code or purchase a new box of checks.Click on the following link if you need additional solutions regarding this issue : Submit question hereNote : This is an auto response . Follow the above directions to request additional technical support . ----- Your Support Request ----- Request #
 First of all there are no liability accounts , asset accounts , not even an equity account ? Payroll has liability accounts . There is no place to even put liability accounts because they provide you with the groups and you can not CHANGE OR ADD any other groups . The only groups that you have available are Expense and Income accounts . I said well , there must be away to add them . There is no way ! That is why so many people are complaining , they just do n't understand why they are having so much trouble getting it to work properly . I 've just recently purchased this product on July 10 , 2003 . I purchased the 2003 software . Have the people who have been selling this product taken a look at what they are selling ? There is no way that people have gotten by with these reports . There are none ! There is no register , no P&L ; statement , the cashflow , balance sheet , account balance report , transactions report within the sample company are totally ridiculous , they make no sense . The software itself makes no sense ! Just take a look at 2003 for yourself . That is why so many people are complaining ; they may not understand accounting , but they do know that something is wrong . Nothing can balance because they 've put everything under expense accounts including mortgage payments , car notes , loan payments , etc. those are all liability accounts they even put automobiles under an expense account ; which is an asset . And , you can not add your own libility or assets accounts . That is why the balance sheet has a negative amount ; there are no other items on the balance sheet ! The only thing with an entry on the balance sheet is the checking account and that has a $ 10,000.00 negative within there sample account . That is because everything is thrown under expenses . There is not even an equity group to help balance things out.That is why the instructions that they have given within there help file is so limited . It is not only limited , it makes no sense . Once I started reading and printing the booklet out , I knew right away that it did not make any sense . They were jumping all over the place ! You could not find any clear information about anything or any reports . I laughed so hard and said ; how in the world did they ever get away with this ! It is unbelievable that these people have gotten away with this and no one has noticed it . Especially with the prices that they charge . That is why customers say that they do not answer there telephone . What kind of reports are people printing , the folk that state that this product is so good . Maybe prior to 2003 . But , I would love to take a look at those ! Take a look for yourself . `` Unbelievable '' . Maybe , once people pay there service fee to get help they will download the correct information . Yea , right !
 I used VersaCheck 2000 for a year or so , and it was OK . Nothing fantastic , but usable . When I upgraded to Windows XP , I purchased VersaCheck 2002 which turned out to be a step backwards . The set up was sloppy and getting items to print was very difficult . Last month the program turned up an error nothing I could do would revive it . I could n't even get in to access the `` Help '' feature . I went to the G7 web site and it appears they will only `` sell '' you help at a high price . I wrote emails to G7 on 3 separate occasions and have received no replies at all . If you buy this and it works , you 're lucky . If there 's a problem , you wo n't get help from G7 . There must be better programs than this clunker that offers no support . Based on my disappointing experience , I recommend that you avoid VersaCheck . I feel ripped off .
 So your bank will accept a non-standard , non-MICR encoded check ? Great ! Are you also going to check with the banks of every company and person to whom you are going to send these checks ? How about the interim banks that often handle financial instruments between your bank and your recipient 's bank ? You can use Checksoft 2007 Premier to develop beautiful , graphically-alive checks . You can print them on any good-quality printer . But do n't be surprised if banks begin to charge you a fee for processing these checks which do not pass automatic MICR scanning and security checks . The Checksoft solution to this , which they downplay any need for anyway , is to get MICR toner . The problem ? You must have a common , major-brand-name monochrome laser printer to find MICR toner for it and your color-graphic check design is now useless -- you must print in black only . The check designer program does not give you the option of two-step printing , i.e. printing only the MICR account information with your MICR laser printer and the rest of the check on your color printer with only your graphics design . It all has to print together or not at all . So ... just be aware of the very real limitations to what is being claimed by Avanquest in regard to OCR -LRB- optical character read -RRB- check processing . You may very well find yourself paying the bank , and enduring unhappy phone calls from them , to use this program .
 My story : For some reason my software stopped printing . No change in my accounting software so I thought maybe a corrupted file . I go to Avanquest website to see if there is any help . Web site has someone with the same problem , but I get an error on the web site when I try to get into the answer to this person 's problems . Not all of the forum answers are unavailable to me , just this one.I then , as instructed , send an email explaining problem , give my OS , error message , RAM , free harddrive space and my father 's Zodiac sign . OK the Zodiac sign is a joke -- I need a laugh right now . I get an auto response and a promise of an answer within 1 business day . At least 2 business days later I call the number in the auto response email . I sit on hold for 30 + minutes . A tech finally answers me and I learn for the first time that my software is no longer supported . I can get help from the forums or from their Yahoo or Google groups.By this time I want nothing more to do with Avanquest . I am now going out to buy another software package because I have to have it today . My bookkeeper is acting like she is going to start biting the head off bunnies if I do n't do something NOW . I WILL NOT BUY ANOTHER AVANQUEST PRODUCT for as long as I remember how mad I am at them right now . And I have a very long memory -- right , Ford -- you remember the last car I bought from you , that 1979 mustang I bought new that barely made it to 30,000 miles .
 Product not enough retail sales compatable . Does not give ability to create deductions . Just too general . Do n't like check design feature .
 I purchased PC-Cillin 2000 for my computer and was dissatisfied . I have Windows 95 and Communicator 4.7 . After I installed the program , we could n't get mail . I sent 4 e-mails to the company and never got a response from tech support . I tried to call their support line and never could get through . After working with it for awhile and never getting it to work right , I uninstalled the program and sent it back .
 In terms of user interface Pc-cillin is argueably the best , I used it for many years . The worst thing about pcc 2k is that it lulls the user into a false sense of security , which could be computer suicide :-LRB- . When I Installed norton 2002 it detected no less than four different viruses that had been missed even on Trend 's online housecall . I was a big fan of pc-cillin , but I was very disheartend now and I assure you I will never use it or recommend it again . Buy Norton AV 2002 !
 I wanted to reward Trend Micro for providing their excellent , successful , free `` Housecall '' online service so I purchased PC-cillin 2000 . I do n't know if the software or I am to blame , but here are the facts . After installation , my computer really bogged down . I tried to adjust parameters to eliminate real time searches and screening and my computer became inaccessible . After six hours of heartache , I was able to boot my computer in safe mode and uninstall PC-cillin . My computer has been working fine since then . On a positive note , the company is customer oriented with a year of free email virus news and automatic virus pattern updates for a year . I just wish it had been successful on my computer .
 In terms of user interface Pc-cillin is argueably the best , I used it for many years . The worst thing about pcc 2k is that it lulls the user into a false sense of security , which could be computer suicide :-LRB- . When I Installed norton 2002 it detected no less than four different viruses that had been missed even on Trend 's online housecall . I was a big fan of pc-cillin , but I was very disheartend now and I assure you I will never use it or recommend it again . Buy Norton AV 2002 !
 Here is a product that I listened to the ratings and have been very disappointed . It has caused my system to lock up on start up and shut down every day . So far , technical support has been most unhelpful . I think that these may be very nice people working there , but very untrained . The support did not go beyond what I had already tried from support online . I was told to uninstall my previous version and reinstall the 2002 version . Only problem was , the serial number that I was given did not work , and so far no one has been willing to supply me with a working number . It 's been over a week now that I have been without virus protection and I have had this product for less than two months.I wanted to give this company a try , but so far I am not pleased .
 The problems with this software and Win95c rate as one of the worst I 've ever seen . I experienced problems such as Windows protection errors , random rebooting and freezing on startup , fatal exception errors and the worst modem performance ever . Once I uninstalled this program , every one of these problems listed disappeared . I emailed their support and still have n't recieved a response after two days . I 've since had to reformat my HardDrive and install Win95c again to correct all the after effects the software produced.Note
 I just got PC-cillin 2000 - in the write up platform it says that it is for Windows ME . When I got it it does n't say that it is for Windows ME anywhere ! If you get it to go on a Windows ME computer , it might not work . I put it on Windows 98 . I sort of had a hard time at first . I put it in & nothing happened . I went to Run & typed in the command & nothing . It even locked up my computer & I could n't get it out . I pushed Ctrl-Alt-Delete & finally got unlocked . I took it out of the CD-Rom Drive & retried it again then it worked without any more problems . It remains to be seen how it does it job .
 I purchased the product for use on a Windows NT machine . Installation was easy but after installing the product I was unable to launch the PC-cillin 2000 executable . This is the portion of the product used to define all the settings and for installing virus updates . The program will not execute and gives the message `` Unable to launch the program with your privileges '' . I tried to run the program as NT Administrator and had the same experience . I contacted Trend Micro and only after 5 attempts to reach their support did I get any response . Needless to say , the response has been unacceptable and my call seems to have been forgotten since it has been months since I reported the problem . I no longer get any response to my messages querying the status of my problem . I am now de-installing the product never to purchase anything from Trend Micro again .
 I was debating between Norton AntiVirus Software & PC-cillan . I should have stuck with the name brand ! Everytime I get on my computer PC-Cillan comes on and interrupts me with an update . If I say `` yes '' it does its download then crashes my computer ! I have Windows `` 98 Sec . Ed . '' If I was you I would stick with the name brands . I told them about it but heard nothing back .
 The description on Amazon clearly says this CD will work on a Mac so I ordered it for my sister-in-law as a gift . It WO N'T work and we tried everything . The description on the CD says nothing about Mac .
 I am sure it works fine on a PC , however , One Million Recipes will not run on a Mac with Snow Leopard !! Do n't waste your time . I spent 30 some odd dollars because it stated it would run on Mac . I could have purchased the same silver edition for $ 9.95 elsewhere . Careful
 This is the worst software I 've seen . The interface looks like a DOS application . I 'm sure it would have been a killer app 15 years ago but by today 's standards it is very weak.There are a lot of recipes to be sure but I ca n't even recommend the content . When you consider there are other programs out there that have tons of food photos to go with the recipes , video clips , nutritional information , etc. a text-based database of recipes just does n't compare ... even if it is very large.I browsed the Casserole category and found 40 some odd thousand casserole recipes which is great -LRB- in an overwhelming way -RRB- ... but the only way to navigate through them all was to click Next and Previous ! I guess I could see the 40 thousandth one some time next week if all I did between now and then was click the Next button 40,000 times.I typed in some food names and searched by ingredient with similar results . Thousands of matches found ... Next and Previous buttons to browse them all . ??? The software does not adjust serving sizes , plan menus , analyze nutritional value , e-mail recipes , etc. I guess I might recommend this to someone who was looking for a long lost recipe ... but you can search for that for free right now using a thing called `` the Internet . '' I ca n't see why anyone would recommend this software.But ... that 's just my opinion . I 've tried some of the others like MasterCook and Cook ` n. I prefer Cook 'n but I 'd recommend anything other than this .
 The company stated that this disc is compatible with MAC . When I tried to install the disc it would not install . It is not compatible with MAC .
 This software package is one of the worst that I have seen in a long time . I was hoping to do a simple promissary note and the forms they provide were not adequate for this . Their form has one paragraph that says penalties will be due if the payment is days late . It will not let you put in the number of days , pretty poor . I would definitely not reccomend this product .
 I did not review this why?Cause the person did not give me my serial number so money was sprend
 I had no prior knowledge of Swahili and found this program very frustrating . No English is used to explain what the Swahili sentences mean , only pictures . In every unit there were 4 or 5 words that I could not figure out simply from the pictures . Also , know instrcution is given about the grammer . I would realize that something is being conjugated , but could not figure out why.Over all , I was very frustrated .
 Can sombody please tell me why I just spent $ 45 on the 2005 edition of family tree maker when it appears to be no different then version 9.0 that I 've been using for the past 2 years and payed only $ 2 for on ebay . The only new features I can find are the ability to copy to CD instead of floppy and a few new pedigree styles . I also discovered that features that were once free of charge , like the ability to create a family finder report are now only available if you pay their incredibly high fees . I bought this version hoping it would be an improvment over my old version . instead , I just wasted $ 45 as I 've removed it and gone back to using my old version . Hey FTM when you decide to add some useful updates like maybe the ability to clean up old photos or play a scrapbook of all photos instead of just one person 's at a time let me know . until then I wo n't waste any more of my money on your products .
 Family Tree Maker 2005 is little more than the old Ancestry Family Tree software that was available for free download from Ancestry.com . The sales pitch put on be the maker online was misleading . I returned it for refund the same day I bought it . Legacy Family Tree by Millenia Corp. costs less , easier to use , produces better looking reports , and provides frequent free updates and `` tweaks '' .
 Ositis claims that WinProxy is easy to install but I did not find this to be true . I tried two separate scenarios . The first was a small LAN consisting of a server and two clients . I could not get the clients to connect to the internet . I sent an email to Ositis -LRB- No Customer service telephone number provided -RRB- , but received no response.The second installation was on my home computer where I had hoped to set up a personal firewall . But I never did get the software to install correctly . Again I sent an email to Ositis but did not get a reply.The software has a 30-day satisfaction guarantee . I was able to contact them through amazon.com and they did honor their guarantee.My advise is to find another modem sharing program .
 This would not work properly on my 3 Windows Me pc 's . The host computer always required 3 attempts to boot up . The email support always responded within 24 hours , but they were not very knowledgeable . I tried several other internet connection sharing applications , including the newly released WinProxy 4 and found WinRoute Lite to be the best and easiest to configure . alan@computer-rescue.net
 I found this to be the worst product I have tried to use for a long time . I downloaded the eval of the product and first succeeded in destroying my NT server . I contacted their tech support and they told me it was because I had been using Microsoft 's Proxy Server.In order to give them a fair chance , I built a brand new Windows 95-B machine . I tried to install their software and was told immediately to upgrade my Winsock.dll . I did . Then I installed their product and lost connectivity to my internal network.Again I contacted tech support via email . To make an 8 hour story short , their tech support gave me TCP/IP settings that simply do n't work or follow any book I have ever read . Then I learned after several hours that installing WinProxy will `` toast '' the TCP/IP stack on Windows95 . I finally did get it running at a speed of about 1200 Baud across a cable modem.I do find their tech support responsive , just not very knowledgeable .
 GoLive CS2 gets ZERO stars . Having worked with GoLive since 2003 on Macintosh , in February 2007 I upgraded to CS2 -- piece of crapola -- big mistake . `` 1 star '' is one too many!GoLive used to be a nice program . Whether you are an old user or thinking of getting it anew , do n't . I regret upgrading to GoLive CS2 -- and Adobe wo n't make it right granting suckers like me a $ 200 upgrade to Dreamweaver -LRB- vs. $ 400 -RRB- . Adobe offers GoLive 9 via their website , but do n't fall for it . Adobe is phasing out GoLive . Shame on Adobe ! If I had any choice , I 'd dump Adobe in a second , but Dreamweaver is the only game in town for Macintosh . Adobe , because you 've abandoned your GoLive users
 Heads up , if you bought Adobe Creative Suite 1 and then buy an upgrade like this one planning to upgrade just part of it , you 're in for a rude awakening.In others words , `` Adobe do n't play that . '' What you buy in a suite collected package , can only be upgraded the same way , which makes little sense , but hey they 're the ones who wrote the code.It 's all or nothing , when it comes to upgrades .
 There was a time when there were applications , like PageMill , for people who needed a nice looking website but not every feature , option , protocol known to man . But now its pretty much all or nothing and GoLive gives you everything except ease of use , along with a host of non-intuitive icons to keep you guessing . To be fair , most of these exotic features , which used to crash everyone 's browser can now be made to work -- if you are a professional web designer . Then again , companies like Amazon and eBay seem to get by with simple websites so maybe there 's a market for web software that just does the basics.After stacks of books , a $ 400 class and finally an Adobe support contract , I 've gotten a decent website out of GoLive . But I dread making changes to the site because I can always count on GoLive to throw new obstacles in my way .
 I need to make LOTS of charts in graphs in the next several months . I am a total retard when it comes to MS Excel . I thought I 'd pick up this one because it said EZ all over it . Well , low and behold , this program makes Excel look like paint by numbers . This program is VERY complicated and the help -LRB- as most help is -RRB- is USELESS . . it tells you WHAT to do , but not HOW to do it . I needed a program that had wizards or at least retard instructions , but this one is NOT the one ! Guess I 'm screwed outta my money cuz I ca n't return it . So much for my first online software purchase , NEVER again !
 This software is one of the worst things I bought last year . I tried to use it . It must be registered by phone or mail , internet is not an option . I called to register and got an answering machine with another number . I called there and spoke to a live operater who told me I had purchased the bottom end package and would I like to upgrade for $ 100.00 . `` NO '' said I . He told me I would never be able to update my tax tables unless I paid for the upgrade . The software came with the 1998-1999 tax tables , I bought it in 2000 . Not very useful for payroll in 2001 .
 The basic EZ payroll program will calculate the amount of paychecks but that 's about it ; some reporting functions are there but are difficult to get adequate results with . Most irritating is the fact that many of the functions that the program ought to perform are not available on the basic version ; you have to buy the upgrade to get them . As a result , much of the payroll information is `` hidden '' once it enters the program ; the buttons for accessing it are mentioned in the `` help '' windows , but do n't exist on the basic version . In my opinion the inexpensive basic version is little more than a come-on to hook you into buying the expensive upgrade . They should certainly mention that fact prominently in the ads .
 My copy of this software came with outdated tax table information ! It will be returned faster than I can say `` JUNK '' ! It turns out that the tax tables for year 2001 came with the software and to upgrade you have to pay more money . Essentially , you can not use the software as it 's provided to calculate any withholding for the current year ! Save your money and time - buy another payroll program .
 This program is the biggest joke I have ever seen . Unless I am missing something you can not edit any of the forms . I can make better forms with winword . If you want some plain forms to print out without adding your company name ECT , And if you do not mind waiting 15 minuets for their legal page to go away , you might want to buy it . I wish I had kept my money . Lawrence Smith
 Unless you are brain dead , this software should be avoided at all cost . It is a book on disc and of no value whatsoever . Hard to install and worthless anyhow .
 This software was not state-specific and had too many disclaimers to allow for any confidence factor in the use of it . I would return it for a money-back guarantee if I could . The information makes the establishment of a living trust much more complicated than the process really is . I now have to purchase another software product to accomplish what I thought this one would do .
 This software leveraged the E-Z name but it does n't come close to WriteExpress Easy Letters which has `` 2,000 prewritten letters , tips , step-by-step instructions on 500 writing topics , also samples sentences and phrases for each writing step '' . It also integrates directly into Microsoft Word which was a real time-saver for me . Someone tell E-Z to rebrand or buy Easy Letters .
 This software leveraged the E-Z name but it does n't come close to WriteExpress Easy Letters which has `` 2,000 prewritten letters , tips , step-by-step instructions on 500 writing topics , also samples sentences and phrases for each writing step '' . It also integrates directly into Microsoft Word which was a real time-saver for me . Someone tell E-Z to rebrand or buy Easy Letters .
 I was somewhat disappointed with the sample letters . The style seems to be more appropriate for personal letters rather than letters used in business . The concept is good , but my business associates would find the suggested text laughable . Ok for home use , but not for corporate .
 This program is not worth the money ! It is a DOS based program made in 1995 . It world probable run well on Windoz 98 or ME , but XP and Vista sure did n't like it . Informat is OLD and outdated also .
 It is supposed to be easy , they say . I read the other reviews here and they make it sound pretty simple -LRB- even though they sounded a lot like marketing brochures -RRB- , so I make the jump ... and end up knee-deep in a mess . First off , I want to keep using my netscape browser
 Once you are hooked by the ` quick , inexpensive ' way to get a website , you will find it neither quick nor inexpensive . They take control over your credit card , and your site . You must host through them . The come-on price changes drastically after you have signed on , and the promised free first 30 days is free becuase they make sure they do n't get you up and running till at least 31 days after the start date . You can leave messages , ask questions , email `` coaches '' , and they take their sweet time answering , or even getting back to you . THis company has no integrety . If anyone hears of any action taken against them , please notify me . They prey on the hopes of people already in debt .
 I purchased the program based on the information available on the box and the information I could find at the time on the internet . Nothing is stated that you have to use their service to host and you are stuck with monthly fees . This is only available when you open the box and discover you paid a lot for something you have to continue to pay for . Sort of like that gates fellow does only worse . lol . I was not happy with this mandatory hosting fee and consider it very misleading on the surface . I see that many people quote happiness with the easibility but I would not even venture further after discovering the additional money I must pay in order for the software to perform . Not a good advertising ploy but possibly effective if you figure in the statistics of it all . Looking at the reviews it does seem to work for some people .
 If you can buy this camera at a reasonable price then be happy and enjoy the camera . It 's really not that bad as far as quality and especially if the price is under -LRB- $ -RRB- . A better `` Bang for the Buck '' is the Largan Digital Camera . For about -LRB- $ -RRB- more you 'll have about double the quality , better software and a full warranty .
 Payroll Made E-Z 's name is misleading . The user must go to alternative sources for definitions of acromyms appearing in the application . The help files are inadequate and no tutorials exist . A `` desktop '' menu would be helpful , as would the ability to delete data files within the application . The application seems to have a mind of its own , as when it adds Earned Income Credit -LRB- EIC -RRB- data when none was entered/is required . Employee pay data appear on the individual timecards but fail to show up on the summary report . It may be payroll software , but it is not E-Z .
 The Digital Camera bundled with this software is simply unusable ... Bad quality image , non-true USB support ... The software is quite good but if you are searching for a low price digital camera ... this one is the BAD CHOICE !
 Save your money ! I purchased this camera for my daughter and I was extremely disappointed with this camera . Even with posting it on a tripod I was unable to get one pic that was in focus . When using flash the whites were whited out and nothing was in focus at any distance from 3ft . to infinity . I tried it in daylight with no better results . I e-mailed the company some samples and their level 1 tech rep said , `` I took a look at the photos . Some of them looked allright -LRB- the ones that were taken inside -RRB- . This camera is targeted for users entering into the digital photography world . It is a 640x480 lowres camera . '' He must be looking at them with better eyesight than I have . Save your money ! I 've been trying to return it and surprise , the company ignores my e-mail and phone calls .
 I am a co-owner of a service organization . I purchased Street Wizard because it is supposed to link with ACT ! , which is the database I use for my customers . As a service organization , it is important to know at a glance where my customers are in relation to one another so that scheduling can be handled in the most efficient manner possible .1 -RRB- The instructions supplied do not accurately reflect the steps necessary in installing the software . I am comfortable with software installations , so this did n't bother me too much .2 -RRB- The maps are very disappointing . I am familiar with MS Streets & Trips and this does n't even come close .3 -RRB- Technical support was poor at best . After placing two phone calls to the number provided in the instructions , I was told by the receptionist to e-mail tech support , which I did and asked that they phone me . Which they refused to do . They did respond via e-mail with questions the clearly assumed I was an idiot and was not deserving of their time .4 -RRB- It turns out that the address information in ACT ! must be in very specific fields , which is not spoken of in any materials furnished by the company . I was told I would have to copy the address information from the fields I use now to these specific fields just to run this add-on . My advice ... DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY !
 The WebEasy Deluxe -LRB- version 1.4 -RRB- package contains two basic items . First the WebEasy Software , and second a Digital Camera , which easily downloads photos to the software package.The included `` User Manual '' documentation package is very poor and incomplete and requires the user to rely on the software based `` Help Screens '' for detailed operating information . However , the `` Help Screen '' software is NOT INCLUDED with the software package . It is necessary to download a `` Utilities '' package from the IXLA website which includes the `` Help Screens '' . I successfully downloaded the `` Utilities '' package twice from the IXLA website -LRB- approx . 13 + megs -RRB- and was unable to install the package each time because no executable file -LRB- . exe -RRB- was included with the download , thus making it impossible to RUN and install the files into the WebEasy Software . I contacted `` Level II Technical support for assistance '' and am still waiting for an E-mail reply.A supplimental `` ClipArt '' CD is included but can not be accessed without the software contained in this `` Utilities '' package.The software portion of the package , which is used to create your own Web-Sites , is operational even without the `` Utilities '' package and is absolutely marvelous . It simplifies the process of creating and publishing a website . The second portion of this package includes a Digital Camera , the `` IXLA SuperPro 640 '' . The camera is easy to use , and easily connects to your computer via the USB or Serial Port -LRB- cables included -RRB- . Once connected it is an easy matter to download the photos to the software package and use them in the website you 're creating . However , the quality of the pictures was absolutely terrible . Despite the reported 640x480 resolution -LRB- which is typically quite acceptable for website use -RRB- , the pictures were grainy , lacked contrast , and had poor color saturation . The pictures were of such poor quality as to make the camera a useless addition to the package . I called IXLA about this problem , and they confirmed that they had many complaints about the SuperPro 640 camera , and were also disappointed with the photographic quality of the images , as a result they were in the process of looking for a replacement camera . Even IXLA considered the camera a defective element within their web development package.RECOMMENDATION
 This is a very easy easy program to use if you do n't plan to put any banners on your page or do any of your own html additions . It would be a wonderful tool for a child . They would need help to import the pictures , and to build and upload the file to the web . After everything is there its complete clicking to do a web page . If you plan to add any html at all to your page do not buy this , otherwise it is a very easy tool . Just too easy !
 If you plan on doing any custom programming whatsoever to the templates , this is useless . If you are joe blow and do n't really care what some homepage of yours looks like then you can use this and probably be very happy because you do n't need to know HTML . However if you are trying to run a business of course you realize that you ca n't just expect some template to do exactly what you want . All of the templates are background . gifs , and HTML shows up over them , making the templates extremely difficult to work with and customize .
 Music Conservatory is incredibly bad . First , before it can run it told me that it does n't support large fonts . This forced me to change the fonts on my system and reboot . Small fonts look bad on my system , but I was forced to change to small fonts . Voyetra has lost half of its audience before the program can even start.When the program starts the first thing that you notice is that the screens are extremely difficult to read . Some of the screens are absolutely impossible to read , at least on my machine . They tried to make the screens look old like crinkled paper , but some of the screens are so bad that you have to blindly click to see what happens . I 'm running in 32 bit true color . But I tried 256 color and it looks just as bad.I had hoped to be able to hear how each instrument sounds . But only about one quarter of the instruments have any audio attached to them.Most of the instruments have a ` video ' button . But when I click the video button , the screen puts up some text and then immediately overwrites the text with the original image . Perhaps on a very slow computer this would be long enough for you to read the text.You can click your way through all of the information on the disk in a few minutes . If you buy this product you will use it once and never again.This application was obviously designed for very old slow systems .
 `` This is the by far worst experience I 've had with a software company . Eudora is a buggy and convoluted program and so is the way the company is run . Expect voice mail to hang up on you and email tech support to take 3 weeks . Upon discovering all of this I quickly requested a refund which I 've never gotten . They emailed their `` return request '' form called `` letter of destruction '' -LRB- ??? -RRB- to me at an incorrect email address . Later , they got it right but when I snail mailed the form back to them they lost it and then would not refund me because it was past 30 days . Beware . ''
 Eudora 3.x and 4.x become unreliable with thousands of emails in the Inbox . The symptom is a message saying that the Inbox table of contents is corrupt , and offering to rebuild . If you say YES you will probably loose all your email permanently ! The correct answer is to say no , exit Eudora , then use File Find to locate inbox.toc and delete this file , which will delete the table of contents but not the email . Then Eudora can recover.Another suggestion that has improved the reliability for me is to have an automatic filter that copies all messages from Inbox into Inboxsafe , which might be slightly less vulnerable to corruption . The last suggestion is to make sure the boxes do n't get very full . Do n't take vacations : -LRB- Regarding spamguard , there is no spamguard built in to Eudora . I have set up filters that detect and delete common spam , but have not been able to figure out how to automatically forward this spam to spamcop .
 Very disappointing release ! I have been a GoLive user for going on two years now and after a long waiting period , CS2 is finally upon us . Unfortunately , CS2 did not herald the bug fixes and core improvements so many GoLive users have been waiting for.The most glaring problem is that GoLive CS2 still does not have a history feature . Even ridiculously simple functions like previewing your in-development pages make it impossible to revert to a previous state and undo any mistakes . Perform a find/replace and again , once you commit to the replace you can not undo the change.What is the point of previewing your webpage if you ca n't go back and correct a mistake ? It is this kind of blatant oversight that damns GoLive to being a subpar program that just does n't feel as intuitive or polished as other Adobe products.There have been a number of small improvements -LRB- such as an advanced CSS library -RRB- but those changes can not make you overlook the fact that at its core , GoLive CS2 is a buggy and fundamentally broken product that fails to deliver on every level.Another poor showing . When will Adobe get this right ? Not worth the money as a stand alone product and certainly not worth upgrading from CS .
 We received this software bundled with a D-Link web cam and have had no success using it despite repeated e-mails to technical support . They have basically told us that the servers it was set up with no longer exist , but have not given us a new one . Therefore it is impossible to connect to the Internet Directory to `` chat '' with other users .
 When I try to run the program it tells me to insert a disc and the disc is in the cr-rom drive . I tried everything to get it to work , I even got a hold of Voyetra . They sent me an email asking about information that does n't even have to deal with the problem . They finnally come up with an answer on why it does n't work but it did n't fix the problem . I am going to put it up on eBay now ... So if you bid on it hopefully it works for you . I would recommend this to anyone who gets it to work . And if anyone had a problem like mine please email me letting me know what it was please .
 I bought the first Nicktoons Racing game in December last year . I figured that this one would be the same style , just with different characters . Only when I started the game , I found out I was very wrong . The music sounded very cheap , the graphics were also horrible , and the game is living proof that the budget was very small . There are only four places you can go to
 I wanted to start some genealogy research of my ancestors . I looked up ancestry.com and thought it was too expensive for what it had . I saw this software program and as it sounded like it had exactly what ancestry.com purported to have , I saw a chance to save quite a lot of money so I bought it.I get it home , download it , and start filling in blanks for relatives names . After I had filled in 100 + names -LRB- the first step -RRB- , only then did I discover I 'd have to subscribe to all those Ancestry.com databases in the first place . Otherwise , those names would just sit there ; no blanks would be filled in even though Amazon said it would `` automatically search Ancestry.com to find your ancestors . '' In this software package , the need for Ancestry.com after all is just hidden until you get way into it.This program also loves to throw in little `` ticklers '' supposedly to pique your interest , but when you click on them , it leads you to a form to subscribe to Ancestry.com . I do n't appreciate that either .
 This was great while it lasted , but with the latest OS you really do n't need this . It was confusing to produce and emergency statup CD , and I never had luck running Speed Disk . This one is sitting on a shelf in the basement .
 This software almost wiped out my disk on my Mac OS X completely when I ran Disk Doctor . Fortunately , it was saved by Alsoft 's Diskwarrior 3.0 .
 If you are thinking about buying norton software simply because they are free after rebates , then reconsider it . Although it 's well known Symantec makes reliable softwares , When we talk about their rebates , they are liars . Yes , liars Cthey really deserve this . Based on my personal experience , I even think theirs are worse than the notorious I/O Magic 's -LRB- aka , Hi-Val , Digital research -RRB- . I bought several Norton softwares during last December , and submitted the upgrade rebates right away with required items , Guess what , until today I got only one of them , and it has been almost 6 months . I guess they are testing my memory but unfortunately I kept a good record of every rebate I submitted . That 's what we should do if we are going to buy Symantec softwares with rebates involved , although the best thing I would recommend is to avoid as long as you can .
 DANGER ! DANGER ! This software is not ready for primetime , at least on the new PowerMac G4 dual processor computer . I used my Mac seamlessly for 3 weeks . After loading Systemworks my computer freezes regularly and the disk drive I used Disk Doctor on crashes every five days or so -LRB- granted Disk Doctor can restore it , but that 's still unsatisfactory -RRB- . I am not the only one having these problems , just go to apple.com support and do a `` Systemworks '' search under OS X.The freezes seem to be dependent on time . As the computer runs certain processes begin to slow -LRB- connecting to cameras , accessing drives , etc. -RRB- then it just freezes , requiring a reboot . This happens rather consistently . It has been suggested as a theory that Filesaver may somehow keep OS X from deleting temp files . The behavior I observe does support some sort of cache or memory over flow -LRB- I 've got 512 MB so it 's not my configuration causing this -RRB- . I 'm hoping that an uninstall and a reintialization of the affected harddrive will restore me to normal ops . If not , I 'll have to reinstall the operating system from scratch ... These are my observations , install this program at your own risk.PS . The only reason I did n't give it a `` 1 '' is my computer did not burst into flames , I 'm feeling rather generous today.PSS.What is up with the $ 50 price hike . I boughtit two weeks ago for $ 119 ?
 Prohibited SoftwareAs per Amazon.com Policies , only full retail versions of software may be sold through Amazon.com . Additionally , please be aware that OEM , academic , promotional , beta , NFR , back-up , recopied , and freeware & shareware versions of software are prohibited.Sellers can not verify academic eligibility of customers since policies prohibit this and they are violating thier agreements with Microsoft . I reported this to Microsoft and they are investigating and possible impacts to customers purchasing this product . Please call Microsoft if you do not believe me.Amazon.com is violating their own policies and sell directly to customers . Maybe their own policies do not apply to themselves.refer to Help > Selling at Amazon.com > Policies & Agreements > Community Rules > Seller Offenses & Prohibited Contentreview Help > Selling at Amazon.com > Policies & Agreements > Community Rules > Selling Software
 DANGER ! DANGER ! This software is not ready for primetime , at least on the new PowerMac G4 dual processor computer . I used my Mac seamlessly for 3 weeks . After loading Systemworks my computer freezes regularly and the disk drive I used Disk Doctor on crashes every five days or so -LRB- granted Disk Doctor can restore it , but that 's still unsatisfactory -RRB- . I am not the only one having these problems , just go to apple.com support and do a `` Systemworks '' search under OS X.The freezes seem to be dependent on time . As the computer runs certain processes begin to slow -LRB- connecting to cameras , accessing drives , etc. -RRB- then it just freezes , requiring a reboot . This happens rather consistently . It has been suggested as a theory that Filesaver may somehow keep OS X from deleting temp files . The behavior I observe does support some sort of cache or memory over flow -LRB- I 've got 512 MB so it 's not my configuration causing this -RRB- . I 'm hoping that an uninstall and a reintialization of the affected harddrive will restore me to normal ops . If not , I 'll have to reinstall the operating system from scratch ... These are my observations , install this program at your own risk.PS . The only reason I did n't give it a `` 1 '' is my computer did not burst into flames , I 'm feeling rather generous today .
 Much like my experience with Norton SystemWorks for the PC , this product 's installation immediately had drastically negative effects on my new iMac G4 's performance . Everything seemed effected ... mouse clicking , typing , web browsing , dragging & dropping , movement of/through through menus , scrolling through mailboxes ... everything became excruciatingly slower . DVD playback which was perfect became choppy to the point of being unenjoyable . There were other problems too . DiskDoctor gave me `` out of memory '' errors during a routine scan of my HD -LRB- I have 512MB of RAM ! -RRB- . Essentially DiskDoctor could not complete all of its tasks unless I manually canceled all of the tasks except the one that I wanted to complete . This meant that the program had to be run 3-4 times just to do one complete scan . SpeedDisk also could n't complete a HD defragmentation without errors , even after getting DiskDoctor to confirm that the disk was error free . Overall , this was a very disappointing product . Thankfully , when I dragged SystemWorks and all its associated folders and preferences to the trash and restarted my iMac all was back to normal . I guess I should have learned better than to purchase this product after my similar experiences on Windows PCs with earlier versions . Maybe it will be useful to keep around for emergencies , but keeping it installed is certainly not an option . . that is if I want to keep my system working !
 I had used Norton before OSX with no problem but now , it simply causes more problems than it fixes . It is impossible to create a repair boot CD and place an up-to-date version of Norton on it . This means that users of OS 10.2.x will be in trouble . Customer support for this product is also very poor . In short , Norton is no longer the standard for system or disk repair . I am still uncertain how I will run a proper maintenance on my G4 under OSX , thus I still use OS9 for my serious work . If Apple is serious about OSX , they should do something to alleviate this serious problem . Otherwise who would want to run OSX ?!!
 Notice the one guy who recommends this product is using the PC version - and obviously rating in the wrong place -LRB- most PC people ca n't do anything right -RRB- . I bought this product out of desperation because I accidentally trashed a bunch of files in OS 10.2 -LRB- thanks to a different program -RRB- . Needless to say , recovery was impossible because Norton only starts up in OS 9 from the CD , and will not install the product in OS 10.2 unless it is going to the primary drive . So I installed it anyway , knowing my files were gone if I did , and must say that even Disk Doctor is a complete waste as it takes 8 hours to scan my hard drive , then tells me I have a bad disk sector - the only way I can fix it of course is to start up by CD -LRB- which is only OS 9 -RRB- , and run Disk Doctor again . Kind of useless when OS 9 ca n't repair the UNIX core ! At least AntiVirus came with it - although I have not had a Mac virus for over 10 years ! Wait for Tech Tool 4 to come out .
 I 'm a fan of Norton Systemworks , and I 've used it with every PC I 've owned for years . Having said that , I was hoping that this functionality and ease-of-use would be the same for my new 17 '' Apple Powerbook G4 . This is the newest Apple with 1Gig of Ram and all the upgrades . The Systemworks disk utilities wo n't run from the intalled version of the software , they must be run from the CD after you reboot using the CD as the startup disk ... and guess what ? You ca n't boot up from the CD if you 're using the newest version of the Mac OS . You have to , believe it or not , create a separate disk partition or use an attached USB drive . I 'm very disappointed , and I recommend users with new Macs look elsewhere for their disk utility program needs .
 I bought this for my G4 running 10.2.4 , hoping to install the antivirus software and just have the disk doctor , etc available should a disaster happen . Unfortunately , this is not an option . If you have OS X , you must do a full install of everything , including things like FileSaver , that have cause me grief in the past . I confirmed this with Symantec 's customer support . Fortunately , Symantec will refund your money within 60 days of purchase .
 The box says OS X 10.1.5 OR HIGHER . Wrong . . Does not work for 10.3 and will not until about Feb. according to Symantec tech support
 I bought SystemWorks because I was new to the Mac and thought this package was a good buy because of the software that it included . I was wrong . None of the utilities worked well and it did n't work as advertized . Spring Cleaning -LRB- one of the utilities I thought would be useful -RRB- worked but it was an older version . To make matters worse , the rebate I was supposed to get came back stating that I did n't meet the deadline even though I sent it 2 months prior to the expiration date . I will never buy another Norton product !
 This program is an exercise in frustration . Once you get past installation problems and run time errors , there is not much to be rewarded with . The format is awkward and difficult to understand . After spending the time to make the resume look just as you 'd like it , you find that it will only look that way if you print it from ResumeMaker . Forget about sending it by email . Nobody out there has ResumeMaker to open your file with and converting the resume to a common file type mangles the look you spent so much time to create . Despite the informative content , this program lacks a lot . The Resume Caster and Job Finder take too much time for the poor results they produce and there is a lack of example resumes for common professions . For the quality you get , this program should be shareware . Anything over $ 10 for this product is too much . And it 's a good thing Individual Software 's tech support is toll-free because their knowledge and service leave much to be desired .
 This program is an exercise in frustration . Once you get past installation problems and run time errors , there is not much to be rewarded with . The format is awkward and difficult to understand . After spending the time to make the resume look just as you 'd like it , you find that it will only look that way if you print it from ResumeMaker . Forget about sending it by email . Nobody out there has ResumeMaker to open your file with and converting the resume to a common file type mangles the look you spent so much time to create . Despite the informative content , this program lacks a lot . The Resume Caster and Job Finder take too much time for the poor results they produce and there is a lack of example resumes for common professions . For the quality you get , this program should be shareware . Anything over $ 10 for this product is too much . And it 's a good thing Individual Software 's tech support is toll-free because their knowledge and service leave much to be desired .
 After reading the reviews on this website I purchased Resume Maker 7.0 and installed the program on a Windows2K computer . The installation of the program is the only thing that has not given me problems . Though the program has many excellant features , getting them to work properly has been an exercise in patience . Even after getting the upgrades to V7 .3 the program still constantly crashes or changes the spacing/formatting of the document I am working on . Text is dropped out of description cards with out me knowing it , spaces and/or lines are inserted at the end of description cards for no reason , and I could go on . This software has the potential to be a great program , but in my opinion it is not quite ready for prime time .
 I purchased this program and have had nothing but problems from the start . It installs , loads and opens fine but thats where it ends . The program is dead slow in operation . Changing the format of a Resume can take up to three minutes to happen . Just opening the dialog button to make a change , any change is drastically slow . You are much better off using word . After e-mailing their Technical Support staff I can see why the product does not work . They are all totally ignorant of their own product and how to fix any problems . You would have better luck clicking your heels together and `` wishing '' it were fixed . The company policy states a full refund from the manufacturer if not completely satisfied , FORGET IT . Upon asking for a refund after many attempts to get help , I was told that they would only exchange the product for another . What a Crock . I have since purchased another product that works just fine . It is Nova 's Win Way Resume and it is just great . If you need a Resume software program go with them and stay away , far away from anything that Individual Software produces , they are a rip off .
 The program does not allow you to easily reuse previously entered data . Most of the time I would like to reuse the entered data for different resume types . But the program does not allow you to choose to use previoulsy entered data and makes you enter it again each time . So you must enter your employment history over and over .
 The program asks for the same information over and over . Each time you change the resume format it ask for you employment history and education . This information is usually the same . The program should give you the option of reuse of previously entered information . Other users also mentioned a version 7.3 . Yet when I called customer support and asked where to get the upgrade they either had no idea or said the program would automatically update during registration . Well the program does not self upgrade and the current 7.0 version has problems .
 The video and instruction is good , but you can not print any ofthe resume 's you create . Some lines do n't space evenly or are right ontop of each other , making it unpresentable to a potential employer . You can export the resume to another program ... END
 I am highly disappointed with CANVAS upgrades . I began using CANVAS since its 3.5.2 version and was happy to use it . Since then , the product has been upgraded several times increasing its difficulty of use with every upgrade ! Amazingly , the files created by its own previous versions can not be faithfully imported with newer versions ! Importing and manipulating graphics and image files with CANVAS 6.0 is a difficult task . I kept on upgrading CANVAS -LRB- up to version 6.0 -RRB- with the fond hope that Deneba will make CANVAS an easy and effective application . Immediately after I bought 6.0 version , Deneba came out with version 7.0 ! Apparently , every new version is released without sufficient in-house testing . CANVAS may be useful for a highly skilled and sophisticated graphics guru , but is certainly not for a person who would like to do simple image and graphics manipulation tasks . For me it has been a tremendous waste of time and money . Simple and cheaper applications like Graphics Converter and AppleWorks do an excellent job than Canvas .
 I 've been using Family Tree Maker for years and have come to depend on it for storing thousands of records of ancestors . The only thing I have n't liked about it is that it does n't have enough flexibility for publishing a book , so I have to retype everything if I want to publish something . I 've used Family Tree Maker 9 for a while and bought the upgrade to Family Tree Maker 2005 . When I installed this new version I kept getting errors using my file from the old version . The support center could n't or would n't help ; I called repeatedly and they just said my file had been corrupted . So my review is not for Family Tree Maker in general , just for this new version .
 this product didnt work ... it didnt let me go pass the installation part without freazing and its grayed out where i cant finish the process . I was ripped off .
 I used Label Factory Deluxe years ago for my Christmas Card list and thought it worked great . We lost all the information and I needed to buy a new version , so I bought version 4 . As I input all the address information , it skipped the last name field AND the city field , which it went back to after I filled in the state and zip . THEN I tried to print out labels . It was a NIGHTMARE . I found myself , with the help of tech support , having to create my own template . Then I tried to merge the information and all the info came out on the wrong lines . I am college educated and have worked with computers for years , and this was one of my most MISERABLE experiences ! I will be expecting a refund from Nova and have downloaded STAT TRAK ADDRESS MANAGER and find it to be MUCH more user friendly and straightforward . Label Factory may be great for custom labels , but if you plan to input your address information and print it out on labels , I would DEFINITELY make another choice !!!
 We used this software for several years and recently had to upgrade to the new version 4.0 because the older version 3.0 would not install on new Windows 7 systems . The new version can not open any label files we created from the old version . So we have to start over . We called Nova Development 's Tech Support and they basically told us that the company does n't care about upgrading existing customers and that new versions would typically not read the files from old versions . If you have a business and plan to print the same labels for some time , look for other solutions and stay away from this software .
 I bought this to do simple labels for mass mailings . i am not a novice on the computer by any means . This things is so unclear , you have to set up the fields for everything . I am tossing it in the trash . .
 The manufacturer 's website states it will work with Windows 7 32 & 64 bit -LRB- I have a new Windows 7 64 bit Dell computer -RRB- . There is a patch there to make it Vista compatible , but nothing for Windows 7 . I downloaded the Vista patch . The software stays open for 1 minute , then crashes , every time . This is the first legacy software program out of many I have installed that wo n't work on my machine . The interface looks like Windows 98 vintage stuff , not as good as the free Roxio program that came with my computer .
 Like everyone else is saying , this is absolute garbage and the company is trying to scam you by posting bogus 5-star reviews on Amazon . All products by Transparent Language are basically a 10-page piece of text spoken aloud by a native speaker . To lay the foundations of your language learning they use short , useless help files -LRB- a one-page list of the letters of the alphabet and a very sparse introduction to the different parts of speech -RRB- and nothing else . What they 're selling individually for $ 40 and $ 50 was originally all bundled together for $ 10 on the `` 101 Languages of the World '' CD , but as you can imagine they 're making quite the killing doing things this way .
 The music basic rule of audio language learning is not followed
 Add this one to the long list of gimiky `` learn Japanese in zero seconds a day while you sleep '' software programs . When I started studying Japanese I bought this and just about every other program I could find . Not only did it cost me money but it set me back months in my learning progress . This software is USELESS , unless you want to be a robot that spits out odd phrases and ca n't understand what people say back to you.The biggest joke is that the packaging advertises a revoluntionary way to remember Kana -LRB- phoenetic writing system -RRB- . You want to know what it is ? ... When you click on a Kana character , it shows you a chart of all the kana . Holy smokes ! A chart ! The same chart you can get from anywhere , for free!Bottom line . . Waist of money . Amazon carries tons of great language tools but this is not one of them . Buy Japanese for busy people , not this .
 Except for the ` chart ' that is under ` reference ' there is NO Kana nor Kanji used.One can click the chart for each letter and it gives 2 sample words -LRB- that you can click on and hear -RRB- with both Kana and Romanji - but that is All for the Kana and no Kanji at all.All words and phrases within the program is all in Romanji - yet it says to look at each word and see if you can recognize the letters - of course I recognize all the letters ! NONE of them are in Kana/KanjiThere is a video , which says you can either watch it as you read along with it or just watch it without the sentences underneath - YET you HAVE to Maximize the screen which Eliminates the sentences to be able to hear anything.You can either click on each word and hear it or Maximize the Screen and see Only the video and listen . And this is n't REALLY a Video either - no surprise by now - it is a Picture that you get to look at while you hear the sentences spoken . One Picture per ` video ' . This program makes things sound like much more than what it is even when you are using it and it is obvious that it is nothing like what it claims . Very minimal with a whole lot of silly hipe . -LRB- I have the same chart in another cheap program too -RRB- fortunately I bought it used for less than $ 5 .
 Remember the girl who broke your heart ? She was SOOOO magic ; Aphrodite , Athena , Artemis all in one incredible , beautiful creature . You kept trying and trying and trying.She 'd play you , too . Spend a little time with you , batting those beautiful eyelashes , brushing against you so alluringly -- then blowing you off yet again . But it was always the same story -- you 'd end up alone at the end of the day with nothing to show for all your efforts but pain and frustration.You finally wised up and blew her off once and for all -- and for three months never heard from her , until , day by day , like a nasty scrape , the pain dulled , and you would find yourself surprised that hours , even days had passed without a thought of the pain that had once dominated your entire world.Then the phone call would come , and , with a sweet , honeyed voice , she 'd work her magic on you again , and you 'd think to yourself `` maybe THIS time things 'll be different ... `` Enter TASCAM and their magic product `` Gigastudio '' , the reputed sound sampler of the gods . GIGABYTE-sized , absolutely authentic sounds from your MIDI tracks . The ability to create aural magic for the price of a small television set.And I bought the hype.Not once , but twice.Now I 'm no slouch with hardware -- in addition to a one-year tech certification , I 've got Microsoft MCP and COMPTIA A + and Network + certifications . I can build a PC from the ground up with my eyes closed and diagnose and repair virtually any problem.I 've also used a number of different audio products -- Cakewalk , Sonar , Sonic Foundry , Halion , all will generally excellent results . But EVERY incarnation of Gigastudio has only caused bluescreens or simply refused to function.After shelling out the first 150 bucks and spending months and months of fruitless tweaking and rebuilding , you 'd think I would 've learned my lesson.But no , not this hopeless romantic.When music giant Tascam bought out Nemesys , the company responsible for the first Gigascrewedio , I thought -- like so many other hapless victims -- that THIS time things would be different.And so I parted with another cool 250 bucks with the blind faith of the lovestruck.Needless to say , the relationship never got past first base -- the initial installation -- and , since I waited past the warranty date , I am , once again , nicely out of luck.So I called Tascam right before the holidays.Getting only a recorded message , I spoke nicely , calmly , and gave detailed information about the problem , along with my contact information . I sent out a follow-up email , along the normal channels.No answer.I kept trying , calling long distance at different times of the day , leaving messages with tech support and the main number . E-mail after email followed.After two weeks , my patience wore somewhat thin -- hell , even a form letter would have been appreciated as a simple gesture of courtesy.But now , a month later , it seems I just ca n't get no lovin ' from Tascam.Fact is , Tascam , she just do n't care.And so , as I finally promised , I 'm parting company with Gigascrewdio , never to look back . And to all of you hoping to make music with this expensively-wrapped , overly-hyped , perfumed piece of -LSB- waste -RSB- matter , expect the same . You ai n't gettin ' no lovin ' there.I , for one , will be looking into lemon laws to try and recoup my cash so as to spend it better elsewhere.And so , that eternal advice still has n't changed
 Tascam needs to take this product off the market , because I am pretty loath to purchase anything from this company ever again , and I am a 30 year loyal customer -LRB- 3340 's , 8516-A 16 track , M3700 , DA38 's , FW 1804 , etc -RRB- . If this product is any indication of the direction this company is taking - watch out!I purchased the Orchestra version after reading the rave reviews they published , but these folks must have purchased & installed the product during a very specific window of PC hardware & O/S . Anyone with a dual core will see crashing unlike anything we have seen for many years - we are talking entire OS winks out , not even a blue screen - just launch Giga Studio when you need to do a really fast shut down . VISTA is right out , but even XP will crash ALL THE TIME on modern hardware . You will not get any productive time with the software on a modern PC.Now , you wil get to see it run if you can patch together a very old -LRB- 4-5 years -RRB- PC , but it will be very , very slow . And it will still crash sometimes , PC will hang , and it will not work well at all with any other sequencers . They say to use SP1 , but SP2 is where we are now with XP.Right now , I am fighting the license scheme because after trying to get it to run on all of these various configurations , I can not restore the license , and my grace time has run out . Which gives me time to write this review.Tascam - shame on you . You need to do a recall on this baby , and at least TRY to retain some lifetime customers .
 The software was so generic and off brand . It was more stick figured in creating my home design . This product is sitting in my closet . It was just not good for me.Obedience Is Better Than Sacrifice
 Math Missions is an okay investment . It does n't do what I needed it to do which is basic addition . The easy levels are too easy and the next level jumps to 3 digit addition . Where is the kindergarten and 1st grade addition and subtraction problems ? The way it is set up is not straightfroward ... I ca n't believe this is the best they can do these days.Another problem is that you have to complete things in each area/shop/etc before you can `` go to the arcade '' . The problem is it does n't say how many time or how much you need to do in each part , so a child ca n't figure out exactly what needs to be done.There is no way a K or 1st grader can navigate alone . My daughter is pretty computer savy and she kept asking for help.However , It is better than a regular video game . I have yet to find a game that has basic addition subtraction that is not boring .
 Buyer beware . This product bundle is not as it appears . SIM Theme park runs on MS-DOS 5 . o or higher not on Windows . Make sure this is what you want or that you are not buying this for Theme Park . We could n't get past this as Theme Park was what our child asked for .
 Purchased based on anti-virus rankings by Consumer Reports and other computer articles . The firewall application blocked my internet service provider EVEN after it was told to trust it . The Anti-virus is slow running with poor options . I could have lived with that by disabling the firewall in it . However , this program caused a major slow down in my computer .
 I have been using this product for 3 years . To obtain full functionality I also purchased the full edition of Outlook to use along with I Hate Spam.At first I Hate Spam was moderately effective at filtering spam . It did catch 90 % of the spam and almost never incorrectly classified a legitimate email as spam.However it was also very slow . It took 5 minutes to process 75 incoming emails each morning , and dealing with the 10 % of spam missed was extremely inefficient - manually designating a single email as spam would cause Outlook to lock up an agonizing 20 seconds . Designating multiple emails as spam was even more inefficient , and there were anoying limits on how many emails I could designate as spam in a single click.Customer support was unresponsive to complaints about this product.After the one year support period for this product elapsed , the performance recognizing spam dropped from adequate -LRB- 90 % -RRB- to pathetic -LRB- 2 % -RRB- . When I purchased renewed support for the product the performance restored to adequate , and then again became pathetic after the expiration of the support window . I strongly suspect that there is a built-in expiration feature that causes this degredation in performance exactly after a year of use.While I would have been happy to pay for this product as a subscription service , -LRB- particularly if it were better supported and not quite so slow -RRB- , I think it is unethical for the publisher to market it as they do without disclosing the essentially MANDATORY support fees .
 I used iHateSpam version three and found it to be a marginal product . But when I was offered the online upgrade to version 4 I thought `` why not , it 's probably better now . '' Boy was I ever wrong . First , it 's filtering is SLOW - slower than version three ! Second , it takes way too many system resources , just try to multitask while it 's doing it 's filtering . Third , it hardly catches any blatent spam while putting more legitimate mail in Quarantine -LRB- yes , I 've worked extensively with my friends and enemies lists , it just does n't help -RRB- . Fourth , when you try to get some help from tech support , you basically get none . They just spin you in circles without ever , EVER , addressing your issues . At this rate , they 'll be toast soon . So , if you could n't already tell , I would advise all to not even think about buying this product - you 'll be much better off without it .
 The program does a reasonable job of filtering spam , but the so called `` bouncing '' service is horrible . It freezes up my Microsoft Outlook constantly . Repeated emails to describe my problem sent to their techs have been ignored . I am very disappointed and may end up completely uninstalling this product . Definitely do NOT recommend this if you want a reliable , user-friendly , tech-supported anti-spam device ! : - -LRB-
 This program is complete garbage . It does n't catch such blatant spam as `` Banned government CD '' . I started getting a lot more of these when I installed their software . Since it 'd be very easy for them to update their software to block these emails , I have to conclude they are behind it . How else could a company be so incompetent as to let them through?Also is the issue of forcing users to pay for upgrades . See they stopped updating the definitions to 3.0 so if you bought 3.0 and want it to catch the latest spam , you have to PAY for an upgrade to 4.0 ! This is downright pathetic . As soon as you pay for 4.0 , they 'll have a 5.0 waiting for you I 'm sure . Think about it , it only costs $ 20 . So either they plan to sell you the same software 3-4 times by forcing you to upgrade , or they make their money by selling your email address to spammers . Either way watch out .
 Most of us with one or more email addresses desperately need spam filtering . I evaluated both IHateSpam v3 and v4 . Version 3 was defintely the better of the two in both the amount of spam it catches and in its memory footprint . V4 runs three processes that take up about 25 mb of memory once you activate Outlook . In fact these process continue to stay resident even after you close Outlook . IHateSpam says not to disable or kill them or their product wont work.On a tip from the internet , I decided to give Outlook 's 2003 built-in junk email filtering a go . What a relief - it beats IHhateSpam by a factor of 10 to 1 . Outlook catches about 97 % of the spam that I get and rarely filters out a valid message . In contrast , IHateSpam v3 caught maybe 35 % and required alot of manual maintenance . IHateSpam v4 did not do much better but required less hands-on administration . Outlook 2003 filtering is nearly transparent.Recommendation is to pass on this product , save 25 mb of memory , and use Outlook 2003 built-in junk email filtering if possible .
 I used the 3.2 version of this product for some time and judged its performance to be adequate but not stellar for the single-PC user receiving a moderate volume of email . The program quickly learns to block a good percentage of spam but then never seems to get any smarter even when the subject lines are dead giveaways . All newsletters and some personal emails are blocked automatically , forcing you to check your `` Quarantine '' folder regularly for legitimate email , which then needs to be manually whitelisted . You have the option to report screening errors to Sunbelt Software , ostensibly to improve the product , but I see no evidence that anyone at the company pays attention . I have used free anti-spam products that are at least as effective as IHateSpam.I recently had to upgrade my installation to the current version -LRB- 4.0.426 -RRB- because version 3.2 of IHateSpam did not get along with MS Office XP Service Pack 3 . The spam screening performance of version 4.0 is on a par with that of the earlier version , i.e. so-so . But the new version takes a giant step back in another respect . The program creates three background processes that run in Windows all the time , even when Outlook is not running . These processes take up over 25 MB of memory ! Even if you use IHateSpam 's option to disable the program temporarily , these processes continue to run and take up your system 's resources . Why anyone would design a spam filter to function this way is beyond me . I am downgrading my rating from 3 stars to a very generous 2 .
 Do n't waste your time or money with this product . Been there - done that - product does n't work well - no support - tricky online upgrades that cost $ . Get a real product from a honest company such as Norton AntiSpam .
 I bought this software and wish I had n't . None of the tabs work and my friends , colleagues go to delete . I ca n't move them back using `` not spam '' or `` add friend '' buttons . Have written four emails to the company for help and received no replies.Avoid this one
 I got this bundle to check it out , since it was a little bit cheaper than what most folks recommend -LRB- the Adobe Photoshop Elements and Adobe Premiere Elements bundle . -RRB- I was disappointed -- these two applications are just thrown together into the box . There are n't any connections between the programs , so there 's really no benefit to buying this in a bundle.Worse , the Pinnacle software crashed repeatedly while working on a simple project.I do n't know what Microsoft was thinking here . This is not their usual clean and stable software .
 The Pinnacle Studio 10 software is complete junk . It crashes repeatedly , so much so that it is unusable . I only managed to get through one , tiny test project using very short videos -LRB- small files -RRB- . Every other attempt with larger -LRB- normal size -RRB- video files met with repeated hanging and inability to save before their patented freeze and abort feature.The Studio 10 software is running on a 2GHz notebook with 1GB RAM and XP Media Center Edition , so hardware and OS are certainly not the reasons for the problems.I even downloaded their lastest patch 10.1 , -LRB- 1/3/2006 -RRB- , and still the same lousy results.I am a very experienced computer user and a one-time software developer , so do not write off this review to user error thinking it will work for you just fine . You will find yourself feeling frustrated and taken advantage of . For this amount of money you could get the same feeling at the local strip club , but at least you 'd have fun getting to that point . Consider yourself warned.Do NOT buy this bundle together . If you want Microsoft Digital Image Suite 2006 , then buy it separately . Microsoft 's portion of the bundle works perfectly . It does n't do much , but at least it works . Microsoft should drop them , or buy them and fix the software .
 I installed the Microsoft Suite 2006 and then the Pinnacle Studio 10 . The pinnacle Studio 10 caused my computer to crash . I then had to replaced EVERYTHING on my computer . I lost all my photos .
 Digital Image Suite is a fine program ; it 's built atop the MS Picture It ! platform , which was great in design but in places clumsy and buggy in its earliest incarnations , and has nearly as many features as the higher-end , tutorial-intensive programs -LRB- think
 I bought the software -LRB- Digital Image Suite 2006 -RRB- before I bought my camera - to be ready to process the pictures I was going to take.A BIG MISTAKE.I bought a Canon 30D camera and record my images in RAW format -LRB- * . CR2 -RRB- . UNFORTUNATELY , not all Canon . CR2 RAW files are the same . So , even though the software says you can edit . CR2 RAW images , it depends on which camera made the image.Here is complaint number two - If you use Microsoft 's Customer Service/Technical Support you will be routed to India - and they will just give you an answer that is vaguely related to your problem.After emailing several times and getting nowhere you will find out that you ca n't write to their Washington state headquarters unless you have the name of someone in the address.So , basically , Microsoft is the largest technical software company in the world with the worst customer service and no American technical support.Now , for the final complaint . There is no link or method to get updates or upgrades for this program ! So , if I want to use a Microsoft software package to edit my photo images then I will have to buy a new software package - is n't that wonderful .
 After years of using CorelDraw -LRB- versions 5-9 -RRB- on the Windows platform , suffering with frequent crashes and quirky tool operations , I assumed that the move to Corel 10 for Mac would be pleasant . Unfortunately , it was not.Corel 10 for Mac is a dreadful program . It is horribly slow . I 'm using a 466 G4 , so I 'm not expecting lighning , but dear God , it is a painful ordeal to try to edit text . There are a number of strange tool problems which reinstalling several times has not solved , even after downloading the 23-megabyte `` patch '' . - The Caps-Lock key does n't work in text editing mode.-The open and import dialogue windows are too small -LRB- only a portion of the file names are visible -RRB- , and attempting to expand them makes the program crash.-The program envrionment can easily become corrupted , forcing the user to revert to the default envrionment and lose all of their customization.-The program appears to be unable to deal with white spot colors.-The `` support options '' are awful . The only way to get support is by calling a long distance toll number ... there is no e-mail support , and the online support database does n't have a section for the program . By searching , one can find 3 articles about Draw 10 for Mac . I was unable to access the Usenet discussion groups.There are also problems with arcing text that go back to the earliest versions of Draw I used on the PC . Corel seems more interested in adding new features than fixing problems with old ones.On the plus side , the customization options are very comprehensive , allowing the user to do whatever they want with the interface ... also the program seems to be able to import any kind of file . Sometimes the results are strange , with Illustrator files sometimes having mysterious white outlines around everything ... Overall , if Corel can speed it up and fix some problems , this program would be a pleasure to use , but do n't get your hopes up .
 A story in an Ottawa newspaper -LRB- the Citizen , I believe -RRB- recently ran a story that revealed that Corel used Adobe Illustrator to design the packaging for Corel Graphics Suite . And no wonder . The Corel suite is just plain painful to use . A clunky interface , super slow re-draw time and truly wacky text handling make the Corel experience a truly frustrating one . So I , like Corel , will continue to use Adobe .
 The program would n't install properly . Repeated calls to tech support were frustrating and I was shuffled between sales and tech support . A good old fashioned paper dictionary in someone else 's house across town would be more convenient .
 I 'm an intermediate Visual Basic developer , so I just need a quick overview of the language and a detailed command reference . This package does n't include either.It includes a CD in a cardboard sleeve , a 30-page Quick Start guide that goes over the basic interface and a single example , and a bunch of advertising for books and additional components you can buy . No language overview or command reference materials are included.Visual Basic Learning Edition 6 -LRB- about $ 90 -RRB- comes with 2 books which include a total of about 1,300 pages . I was expecting comperable documentation for a comparably priced and loaded tool.I also found it diffucult to buy Delphi books at any of the local book stores . If you buy this product , buy a good book along with it.Also , if it ships on a Friday , do n't forget that you wo n't get it until Monday unless you specify -LRB- and pay for -RRB- Saturday delivery ! I did n't buy it here at Amazon because someone else listed it as `` Usually ships in 24 hours '' . I ordered on Thrusday , payed for overnight shipping , and received it on Monday -LRB- 5-days later -RRB- . Buy it here or do n't buy it .
 There , is no update site which is not helpful at all.I purchased this to do for my grandchildren , and there is no data for info as of 1997-1999 For us old folks I guess it would suffice but to do elaborate work for anyone after 97 not good when you cant update.If there was update site Iwould rate it a 10 as for user bility great such as graphics and things you can do.just give me updates
 I do n't generally write reviews for products I dislike , but I really have major problems with VID . I tried using it for about six months , believe it or not , because I 've been doing a lot of ASP programming and this product was supposed to be the cats meow . NOT!It does do some things well as far as ASP goes , but it has a way of filling up each directory of your website with additional files , whether you want them or not . Perhaps I 'm misusing the program . I bought three books on the subject , tried the newsgroups and just accepted that I 'll use it for what I can use it for and no more . I tried to get help in the Newsgroups and I soon discovered that it 's the blind leading the blind . I 'm convinced most people do not know how to use this program well and perhaps not many are using it either because the newsgroups are almost empty . If you do n't believe me , check it out.I ended up downloading a trial version of HomeSite and I 'm sticking with it . It 's also significantly less expensive . A truly magnificient program which really allows you to code webpages very fast . I 've had the evaluation copy for 10 days and I 'm much more productive with it after 10 days than I ever was with VID after six months ! HomeSite is intuitive - VID is not.VID is very bloated as well . It takes a long time to load . It feels bloated like there is 10 tons of overhead that you do n't need . I do n't like what VID does with my websites creating directories and hidden directories and multiple copies of files hidden all over the place . Just try cleaning up the files on your server some day and see what this program does with each project you create . There is no mention of why this is done or whether it can even be controlled by the user . It just does what it wants whether you like it or not . This application is the epitome of complexity.This is a very , very BAD program in my opinion . Save yourself some trouble by at least downloading the trial version of HomeSite and see if it does what you want . I wish I had done that six months ago and saved myself a lot of headaches.And no , I am not in anyway affiliated with HomeSite !
 You can do some pretty amazing things with this software . However , as with most Microsoft developement products , WIERD things happen for no reason and this product becomes unstable at times . Additionally , the price for this product is outrageous . On a lighter note , this product works well when used with Visual Basic .
 I recently purchased this product and was very disappointed by it 's performance . It comes with an introductory c++ , directx7 , genesis3d , and an actor creator . It is very confusing to use any of these programs and found myself blowing -LSB- my money -RSB- . I strongly recommend you look elsewhere
 Sure the intro version of VC + + is nice , but everything else needs better documentation . Everything you need to create your own games YEAH RIGHT ! The Genesis 3D engine need a how to . Actually everthing in the box , except the VC + + and Direct X , needs more documentation on it .
 I have never , ever wanted my money back from a purcahse as much as I do this one ! I was had . Ten minutes after installing it my laptop and seeing what the ` real ' package was , I wanted the disk space back . Companies should not be allowed to mislabel and misrepresent a product as severly as this .
 This kit does give you many neat tools for making video games , but it 's missing one important thing
 This product is not what the illustration and labeling on the box suggests . Game programming is a difficult multidisciplinary expertise that integrates storytelling , artwork , modeling , programming and strategy . Each skill must be explained separately and in detail . Then these skills must be learned and integrated to give you your expertise.This product does not do this . It is little more than a crippled Visual C++ 6.0 compiler , a couple of third party game development tools and a book full of game developers ' anecdotes . It 's a joke.Worse , the C++ documentation is in PDF -LRB- hard on the eyes -RRB- and VC + + is already difficult for a newbie . The two third party tools are poorly documented , at best.Wanna learn the basics of game programming ? I suggest Java Game Programming for Dummies . Ready to learn Windows game progamming technology ? Consider * Windows Game Programming for Dummies * . But do n't throw your hard earned dineros in this landfill .
 At first glance , a thought comes to your head - `` Would n't it be cool to create your very own video game ! '' I work for the Video Game publisher Vatical Entertainment and believe me , this is anything but easy . The one program , Genesis 3D , can be downloaded for free at genesis3d.com , and the book tells you nothing accept a few interviews with publishers . The documentation is just short c++ references to the source code in the engine which you would n't be able to understand without an extensive knowledge of c++ much less know how to use it to make a game . It does n't come with a 3-d modeler , which you need , just an animator which I believe you can also get for free . So in short , even though it looks and sounds great , you would never be able to create a game using it .
 I brought this product , because i needed an animator for a game i was working on . Great ??? . However , the version you get , is an absolutely useless shareware version , and after checking out the rest of the stuff included , i was even more dissapointed . The version of C++ is a `` working model '' edition , so you can not redistribute your files , and the Gensesis 3d engine is open source , and available for free , and you can get the latest version aswell . So , i suppose it 's the price of a book ??? It does include 3 books , right ? Wrong , 2 of them are PDF files , and the other one will not introduce you to game programming at all . The name sells it wrong , do n't you think ??? KEEP AWAY from this product , i think anyone who wanted to buy a Game Programming Starter Kit would want to know how to program !!!
 I bought this because the ShadowRealm character assembler costs $ 45 online by itself , so I figured I was getting a good deal - basically a `` free '' book and other software along with a ShadowRealm license . I was wrong !! The publishers fail to mention that they 've included the shareware version of the product , which does n't even export files in a format usable by the Genesis SDK!Further , the Genesis SDK is available online for free , and also comes with a character assembly tool , so the ShadowRealm tool is n't helpful at all.However , that said , the `` kit '' does include Visual C++ -- a full version that just does n't let you redistribute your applications but lets you build them -- and a couple of books in PDF format for learning C++ and DirectX programming . These are great starters , and I 've been learning them on my notebook computer in my spare time.And the book , `` Game Design Secrets of the Sages '' gives some interesting food for thought on game design approaches , though it gives no programming advice.Short answer
 Have n't used this version , however , 2.0 is excellent because it includes standard VC + + 4.2 . I use VC + + 4 now for DirectX games -- though the documentation is complicated for even advanced programmers , and did n't help any . To beginners reading this , learn programming first -LRB- takes about 1 year -RRB- , then get Andre Lamonthe 's DirectX books . It may take 2 years before you create the simplest Atari-like game , there 's so much involved . The very minimal DX game is 3,000 + lines of complex code . According to the other readers , this version does n't include a distributable VC + + -- DO N'T BUY THIS .
 If you 're a programming student -LRB- like me -RRB- and you want to make games , DO NOT get this , it will be a waste of money.Get a good compiler -LRB- one that makes . exe files , not just the learning version -RRB- in whichever platform you are familiar with , and spend your money buying books to learn advanced programming techniques.I made my own Shareware game in Microsoft Visual Basic Professional , after one semester of a VB class , and another half a semester of a more advanced VB class . I also did a text game in C using the free GNU compiler . Either of those programs is a hundred times better than this package . There is hardly any documentation for this software , and I could do better 3D graphics and animation with my copies of Bryce 4 and Paint Shop Pro 6 !
 I wish there was a bit more information available to me about this product , the fact that this product is only 2.99 is a mute point . I have no idea what it is or is n't capable of based on what is currently being posted .
 I have n't bought this product but if it is three dollars so I do n't think it will be that great of a product . But who knows , you know what they say , `` Never judge a book by its Cover . '' Thank you very much for your time and I hope you fou this helpful .
 Items that are discontinued or not in stock are still being peddled . Items should not be featured if the customer does not have the opportunity to purchase them . This site is wasting my time by offering items that are unavailable .
 I ordered Microsoft Visual Basic Professional 6.0 with Plus Pack , as advertized . I received VB 4.0 , so be very careful when dealing on here . I am finished with this venue to purchase items that are integral to my work . Every piece of advertisement stated VB6 .0 ... . but the seller -LRB- msblissbooklist -RRB- was dishonest . USE CARE when dealing with this seller . She has refused to answer 5 e-mails .
 This Product works perfectly but doesnt produce executable files for Mac or Linux . If you ever need cross platform executables , save your money and time and start with Real Basic . Real Basic has a convertor for VB6 to Real Basic but it doesnt work well . I had to rewrite my program , but Real Basic can produce executables for Windows , Mac and Linux simultaneously . If you know Visual Basic , it isnt difficult to write for Real Basic . Real Basic has a very helpful user group forum which answers your questions within minutes to hours . Real Basic lets you use their product for a month without paying anything for the privilege .
 Hail Linux , king of the OS .
 This software is great for creating screen savers but has very little compression ratio that makes the screen savers almost impossible to send to famliy and friends.DO NOT buy this software if you plan to share your creations . It does have Technical Support provided ... but all that they could recommend to help fix the compression ratio was to buy there lastest version .
 The product conflicted with other software I had installed on my computer andtheir tech support basically told me I was outta luck . They offer an `` upgrade & quot ... they do n't offer the download version in their upgrade -LRB- their customer service told me I was outta luck -RRB- . The Career counselor is not all it cracks up to be ... very hokey and somewhat cheesy . Inputting into the program -LRB- once I get it running and `` debugged '' -RRB- is fairly easy but the formats are n't very attractive . I was able to import it into my Word Processor -LRB- MSW -RRB- but it lost all formatting when I imported it . This was a very disappointing piece of software .
 The promise of the software was so much more than it delivered . We have had similar problems with the software crashing the computer almost every time we attempt to use it . The sound works only occasionally and not at all for languages like Icelandic and Czech . Switching from one language to another almost always crashed the computer and most times we were unable to even get one language to switch from one activity to another . We bought the program because we have young children who are gifted in languages and naturally curious about and this seemed to be the perfect resource for them to explore many different languages on a superficial level until they found one they were interested in studying . The program proved so frustrating to use that we all gave up on it .
 Easy Language 61 is an okay program -- when it works ! I 'd only used it briefly a couple of times at first , and it worked fine . It 's a very simple interface -LSB- sometimes to the point of being a little confusing -RSB- , and it helps you learn a few words and phrases by displaying pictures of items with the word in both your language and the word in your target language ; you can hear the word spoken in your target language by clicking on the picture . Since in my case I was trying to learn Greek , I could toggle between the word written in Greek , and the word written phoenetically with a ` normal ' alphabet.Well . . later I sat down to do some serious learning , and I found that although I could still see the word written phoenetically , the word in Greek was inexplicably replaced by a bunch of '' ? '' . I tried restarting the program and my computer several times , but the Greek seemed to be gone for good.One of the selling points of the program was a nifty-sounding feature that will allow you to record your voice and compare it graphically with a native speaker . Well . . it 's not as nifty as it sounds , as it turns out . The graph has no identifyers or explanations whatsoever , and is just a very simple sound-wave graph . There is n't even any explanation of or reference to this feature in the 19-page `` User 's Manual '' -LSB- actually just a jewel case insert booklet that contains very little useful information -RSB- . Their customer support URL is listed in the User 's Manual , but after visiting the URL the only thing I found was a mailing address for the company and a 1.800 number . I loathe talking on the phone , so the lack of online customer support was pretty disappointing . Also , inside the software box was an insert stating that Navajo was not available on my version of the program , but that I could visit a URL and recieve further information on how to receive `` both '' languages . Well , as it turns out , it 's the very same URL as the `` customer support '' page . So , I could n't download a patch -- by now I was kind of expecting something like that -- but there was n't even any instructions on the site on how to get my Navajo upgrade ! Talk about bloody frustrating . . To make matters worse , after about a half-hour of using the program -LSB- without my words written in Greek , but I figured I could do without that feature if I had to -RSB- the audio fritzed out and I could n't hear the spoken word anymore . My computer then proceeded to lock up . My computer 's fault , or the software 's ? At this point , my bet 's on the software .
 I bought this software to practice Hindi . It was n't until I read the `` Readme '' file after installation that I learned that there 's no pronunciation for Hindi and the Devanagri script is not displayed , despite the fact that L & H 's web site says `` you can see each language 's International Character Set . '' It turns out that only the major languages -LRB- e.g. French , Japanese -RRB- have sound associated with the words and when I did listen to these the sound was simply terrible . Granted , I 'm listening on a laptop with less than wonderful audio , but it has never sounded so bad . In my estimation Easy Language 61 is a complete waste of money . Fortunately it comes with a 30-day money back guarantee ; I plan to take them up on it .
 A crappy program which makes misleading claims.Only 16 of those 61 languages actually have audio samples . For the rest , all you get is a picture , the word in English , and in your chosen language . None of their ads tell you this , not even on their own website!I thought something was wrong when I could n't hear the Icelandic words . The manual does n't have a troubleshooting section . Their listed website says the help section has been removed ! The 1-800 help line listed in the manual led me to an operator who said there was a new help line for this product ... one where I have to pay long distance fees ... and when I called it ... I was put on hold with an expected wait of 15 minutes . I hung up and tried reinstalling , and this time checked the box to see the readme file , thus learning that this software is practically useless to me for learning Icelandic.I also ordered EuroTalk Interactive 's Talk Now `` Learn Icelandic '' , which is much better , friendlier and more fun to use . I 'd recommend them any day over Easy Langage 's . Not that there 's much choice . They are the only two I 've found that * seemed * to have sound clips of the language . As it turns out , there 's really only one , and that 's Euro Talk . Too bad there 's nothing beyond beginner level available .
 I thought I had read all of the compatable os systems for mac prior to the purchase , but maybe I missed somthing . When I tried to load it to my mac minni , I kept getting msg . Software not compatable . So I realy ca n't say if it works or not . Im sure it does , just not on my system .
 This item has been listed on Amazon since June , 2003 . Yet the only two reviews of product - both of which just happen to be glowing - each came out on the same day ?!? Sounds like the company is trying to deceptively promote itself . Buyer beware .
 I used a previous version of My Labels , and was quite pleased with it . After changing computers a few times , the old version would no longer work with WinXP , so I `` upgraded '' to the newer version . Here 's my gripe list :1 . When I tried to open my old My Labels files , it kindly offered to convert them to the new format . How convenient ! Not at all . The data gets converted -LRB- duh -RRB- , but the label design disappears .2 . Entering data is unbelievably frustrating . If you have fields that are the same , you can copy and paste , but that 's it . Ctrl-D is supposed to work , but it does n't really , making you type the same things over and over . Modern software is supposed to increase productivity , is n't it ? 3 . This is really a stamp selling program . They actually only want you to buy stamps , the software only being a hook to bring you in .4 . Placement of objects is very clutsy and it 's difficult to put things close together .5 . Very limited creative options.I 'll never buy this again .
 So this was advertised for use with a mac and what do you know it wasnt so didnt use it and made me look like a stupid dunce with my boss . So thank you Amazon for the miss advertisement . Although now I think they have change the description of the product .
 If your interest is learning basic music theory , then do n't waste your money on this silly program , which practically fails at touching even the most basic content of each of its eight lessons . The multimedia even is not taken advantage of and is so badly done that it is unnecessary . In the short glossary of terms , the audio pronunciations are badly done with trilled `` r '' 's . Instead , I recommend this book
 I was very exited to try Teach Me Guitar . However I was quickly dissapointed . First off , it crashed my computer . After several calls into the company , I got it working but the lessons were confusing because they skipped around a lot . I learned very little for the program over all .
 Toast is a good program for burning CDs , but if you ca n't do it all yourself , watch out . The Adaptec customer service is terrible . Not only do they not have a toll free number , but I 've been on hold over an hour and had no response . If you 're a computer genius , enjoy . But if you 'll have questions , it looks like you 're on your own .
 I have n't looked through all the langages , but Russian and Japanese parts are awful ! Besides poor organization , spelling and pronuciation do n't match
 I recently installed this program and I am very disappointed with it . I find it poorly organized ; for example if you want to learn to simply count from 1-10 in a language , you will have to jump around to find each number which are between 40 % and so forth . It is n't very helpful to learn how to say `` fifth '' and then 50 % and then five for instance when you are just beginning a language . I found `` hello '' in Spanish , but then `` goodbye '' was nowhere to be found . If you are starting from scratch and want to learn a new language , I do n't recommend this CD . However , it does contain several different languages in one program . I have also found that it crashes often when you use the sound on it and since I have 64MB ram and this program suggests only 16MB , I was upset that it is such a memory hog . I am ready to remove it from my computer and sorry I wasted the money on it .
 I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS SOFTWARE FOR ANYONE . I HAVE HAD IT FOR 3 MONTHS AND AM STILL TYPING AS I TALK BECAUSE I CAN NOT GET THIS SOFWARE TO UNDERSTAND MY VOICE . I AM SHURE THERE IS MANY OTHER VOICE SOFTWARES OUT THERE THAT ARE A LOT EASIER TO WORK . I AM RATING THIS A BIG 1 .
 We were planning on building a home so I purchased this software to help me design a basic floorplan to take to our architect . Luckily all I wanted was a basic design because that is about all you can get.First off , when I got the software home and loaded on my PC it would even run without getting an error . I ended up waiting two months for IMSI to post a `` patch '' on their website that I could download to fix the error . Then after loading the patch the program would run , but every once in a while it would just crash -LRB- especially when trying to delete walls -RRB- . After doing a few changes I would always have to save it so that I would n't lose what I had just done when it crashed.Another bothersome thing is that you can not print out the floor plan to a specific scale -LRB- 1/8 inch = 1 foot , etc -RRB- . In fact , it is n't printed to any scale that I can figure out . It all depends on the size you have it zoomed to on your screen . This was especially annoying when the architect was trying to figure out room sizes . Yes , you can print the dimensions but they are too small to read when you print the floor plan on one sheet of paper . I ended up printing out the floor plan on 6 pieces of paper so that you could read the dimensions and then having to cut and tape the 6 pieces of paper together.The roof drawing feature was very irritating . I turned it on to see what the roof looked like . I guess my plan was too complicated because the software never could figure out what to do , even to the point where it drew one section of the roof upside down so the ceiling was pointing into the air ! The worst part was that I turned the roof feature off and then deleted all of the roof that it drew , but then every once it a while it would just decide to draw the roof all over again.I would strongly recommend skipping this software .
 I ` m very angry about this software . Especially the Garden-Software , but also the Design-Set does not work correctly . Always Errors and break down of my PC . It is gettin ' not better by using a 900 MHz-PC . All my complaints to IMSI were without results . Just wasted money !
 I was thrilled when I received this as a gift . I was learning to play the piano , this seemed to have everything I needed . I put the software in my computer and hooked up the cable to my computer and keyboard . Was unable to get the program to work . tried contacting the company no results . Went on line to see if I could obtain any help , no luck . Went and had the cable checked found defect in cable , purchased new cable ... Hooked the new cable . Still unable to get the program to work . Is there anyone out there who can get this program to work ?
 After shelling out almost $ 30 for a tried program , Windelete , I now discover that IMSI offers no support . This after Windelete locked up my computer and continues to deny me access to my Internet provider . Only installing the program seems to have an immediate impact on the entire computer . You would think that a program designed to clean the harddrive of unwanted information would also have a key to uninstall itself . No such luck .
 I found using the flowchart in Word easier than this . I wound up getting Visio as it worked much better .
 I really tried hard to make a go of this software but I kept running into problems . If the design is not a basic one problems soon creep in . There are also other issues such as it is not possible to cut and paste ? Most of all I was frustrated because the software kept on crashing -LRB- I have a high spec pc -RRB- . This is not the one to buy !
 I tried to use this software over the course of a couple of months , but found it to be way too frustrating . Drawing the walls is time consuming and tedious . I would prefer a drag and drop interface for setting the basic layout . Setting camera view for walkthroughs is a royal pain in the posterior and camera movement is likewise difficult . I can not rate the photo quality graphics as I did not have a quality graphics card at the time I owned this software . If you want a professional level program , you would be wise to look elsewhere . If you want a program to play around with , there are more user-friendly programs out there ...
 This software is a great disappointment . Here are some of the things it will * not * do .1 . Wo n't backup over a network unless you remember to map network drives first2 . Wo n't make incremental backups to a directory on a hard disk -LRB- this means you ca n't backup your laptop to a desktop unless you do complete backups every day -RRB- 3 . Wo n't allow you to select files to include in a backup -LRB- as opposed to exclude -RRB- , such as * . jpg , for example , or files newer than a certain date.The last two options were avaiable in Norton Backup ten years ago , so there is no excuse for their exclusion in what is supposed to be a program that goes beyond the Windows 98 program.The program does not appear to distinguish between CD-R and CD-RW disks.Finally , the CD-R backups it produced were sometime unreadable , yet Veritas charge for technical support .
 Version 2 shows lack of customer focus . I have used the emergency recovery feature . When creating a recovery disk it asks you to find the appropriate drivers for the SCSI and Jazz drives and tells you to search your manufacturers literature ! Good luck on this . I could not get an emergency disk to work with my SCSI Jazz drive , and I am a reasonably educated user and program computers as part of my job.During an emergency recovery from tape , the program stops in the middle of a 4 hour restore to wait for your input everytime it encounters a problem . Any decent program would just put this in a log file for you to see later . In the first 700 files -LRB- out of 1200 -RRB- it has stopped twice . This makes unattended operation almost impossibly slow . Also You also can not restore multiple file systems at once.Even if they fixed this in a later version , how can you trust a company this sloppy with your data ?
 I purchased this software to do backups on CD-R -LRB- W -RRB- s . What a disappointment ! Not only does Veritas fail to recognize CD-Rs from CD-RWs , as noted in another review , but if one cd has an error -LRB- not an uncommon occurance -RRB- , the ENTIRE BACKUP JOB IS ABORTED ! This means that if you are backing up a 15gb drive , nessecitating 12 CDs and CD # 10 is rejected , instead of asking you to insert a fresh disc and going on , the whole thing stops and you must start with 12 new , blank discs , and you are the proud owner of 10 shiny new coasters ! No recommendation from here . Amazon does let you give less than one star , or else I would have .
 This is about version 4.1 , as included free in Win98 SE . I was stuck with this product while trying to work out a system transfer and discovered it does not backup user settings including network settings , password lists , and those `` network '' features that every individual workstation on a network has . This is intentional `` sabotage '' because veritas sells a very expensive network version . Note I am not talking about backing up over a network -- like that 's worth ... extra -LSB- $ -RSB- anyway . And beyond that this is typical inept backup software as you can read examples of in previous reviews -- typical because all backup software I 've ever seen including Ghost 2000 -LRB- in SystemWorks 2000 PRO -RRB- is really really clumbsy . Ghost , however , at least allows backup and restore from DOS in Win98 , 2000 , and even NT , by using a boot diskette , which gives a perfect mirror , which is tolerable for home networks who ca n't afford automated server software -- it 's manual and just move or copy the files afterwards . Keep those reviews coming .
 Backup Exec is a fairly decent backup utility , but it is a bit pricy , and a hard to get used to interface . I can see someone in a big business using this , but if your a small/home office or just a home user , the free utilities that are bundled with Windows 95/98 will do the same job .
 I have had mixed success with this product . Previously I used the version of this product that came with my HP 5GB tape drive -LRB- repackaged as Colorado Backup Software -RRB- . I had MANY problems with that product . I bought the stand-alone version of Veritas Backup Exec -LRB- not knowing that it was the same basic product -RRB- and it actually worked much better.PROs
 Is RealViz Stitcher worth -LRB- the money against -RRB- Apple 's QuickTime VR Authoring Studio 's ? The first tech support call you make to Apple will cost you -LRB- $ -RRB- . Yes , that is -LRB- $ -RRB- if you want to ask anything other than an installation question . Also , the software `` chokes '' - Apple 's tech support term - on any high resolution image . It is not useful for anyone wanting to make prints of panoramas . Apple told me when I called pre-sales that they offered 90 days tech support - normal in the industry . But I neglected to ask what does that 90 days cover . It only covers installation . Forget it if you have any other questions . QuickTime VR Authoring Studio also does not support the Nikon Editor version of . jpg . So if you have a Nikon digital camera , be prepared to convert everything to the archaic pict format for this software . Yes , it will accept a . tif or photoshop . jpg , but it 's internal process converts to a pict and if you want any semblance of quality you will need to convert to pict first . Do yourself a favor and avoid this product .
 Some of the commands and navigation feaatures I assumed would be available were n't . You could not program a phrase to execute a macro , you need the full L&H version for that . I found it easier just to click and type than spell out my password and tell the computer how to navigate etc. .
 The description said it would be compatible with Mac , I was doubtful but ordered it anyway because I Loved it when I had it on Windows . So Disappointed ! And Very Angry about the false description . The box specifically says -LRB- FOR WINDOWS 95 & 98 -RRB-
 I was not happy with this software . From the start , it did n't work right . I got a terminal error everytime I tried to open a file and had to shut the program down . I followed the instructions for installing the patch the company had to fix the problem -LRB- not an uncommon problem apparently -RRB- but it did n't work . The second time I called the tech support their suggestion was to buy a new driver for my computer -LRB- Compaq -RRB- which is less than one year old ! Buying new hardware for my new computer just to run this program was ridiculous , especially when there are so many other photo software programs out there which are probably just as good or better ! My recommendation ? Save yourself the hassle of trying to return it and choose something else .
 I have used other graphics software , but got this with my Acer scanner . The results are good , but it takes too long in between steps . When I first tried it , I thought it had frozen up , but I have since found , it is just slow ! I have a 500 Mhz processer , so I know it 's not my machine . Right now , I 'm looking for new software to use . Love my scanner , hate the Ulead software .
 This software was included with my scanner Mustek1200 . The scanner is excellent.The software PHOTO EXPRESS 2.0 is very complicated , and hard to use . I 've been trying to understand how it works with no luck at all . The help section is useless . Some great effects , but if you do n't use regularly , you wo n't remember all the steps or how you did it . Makes programing a VCR childs play so to speak ... Trying to figure this software formula out will drive the average person nuts . Lots of Luck if you buy it .
 This company is just awful . They claim to block pop up ads yet they generate a pop up ad every time to boot your computer . How to turn this off ? They do not and will not tell you.What 's more , they DO NOT respond to email service requests even though they send you a canned response that they will get back to you within two days.Finally , try to remove this piece of s ** t . This is worse than a root kit.I will never buy software from this company again and neither should anyone else - either a consumer or business . How can you trust anyone like this?You think the executives and management at this company use their own software ? They probably donate it to third world countries or Goodwill for hefty tax credits.Call them eHypocrite , not eTrust .
 Pro
 many problems came with this stupid thing :1 -RRB- first the installation did n't work out right .2 -RRB- then the CODE would n't work even though I typed it in correctly several times .3 -RRB- for a BIG box , the thing didnt even come with a manual!This product is a terrible waste of money . And someone should sue the company b/c it 's being sold out there and it 's not being put to any use . Software like this should be banned from the market . And I could go on about how much I hate this product , but I think you already know not to buy it .
 I have never had such trouble with `` professionaly '' written software . I am no novice to computer software but , I could NOT get this to install . No manual was provided , online tech support was useless , and to talk to a person about your problem you have to pay $ 50 . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I was rather hesitant to try this software out , I had bought magix mp3 maker 4 years ago and was very disappointed . At this point though I was rather willing to give magix a try again . Well so much for that thought , this software locked up everytime I tried to used it . The music player could n't even play my mp3s . Well just a word of warning , explore other alternatives before going with this software .
 Zero stars for this company 's products ! I was sold a product direct from them that was incompatible . I have spent hours in arguments over refunds , etc. . Sales reps and Cust Sevr untrained . They DO NOT STAND BEHIND THEIR COMPANY/PRODUCT ! BEWARE .
 Zero stars for this company 's products ! I was sold a product direct from them that was incompatible . I have spent hours in arguments over refunds , etc. . Sales reps and Cust Sevr untrained . They DO NOT STAND BEHIND THEIR COMPANY/PRODUCT ! BEWARE .
 I do not recommend this product for someone who is trying to learn English.It is CDs only ; no text , no photos , no pictures . I do not see how these CDs alone , can help someone learn English . The only possible use for it is for someone who knows English already to improve their pronunciation and practice listening .
 I bought it , and I hated it . It is difficult to figure out . Need to take course just to understand it . I do not recommend it to anybody .
 mathsoft sells training classes and have poor docs . my son is a honors in math and after 3 weeks he had gotten ` nowhere ' with this .
 I started using DTO 2k in 1997 . It is an excellent program with a lot of perks . Until now -LRB- Feb 2003 -RRB- I would consider it a 5 star plus program . However I 've dumped it because the Day-Timer company no longer supports the program . Therefore , Day-Timer is a dead end unless some other enterprizing software company takes it over . Hopefully that will happen . Until that time I will use another organizer that is Palm compatible , namely , Palm Desktop .
 After several months of contact with Tech Support , I 've given up trying to get this to work . I 've been able to read email just fine , but sending has n't worked . Tech support folks promised repeatedly to send me a debugging program so we could identify the problem ; unfortunately , they could n't find a version of the debugging program they could send to me -LRB- and I had to keep contacting them to remind them to try -RRB- . One guy , Alan , was able to send me their new beta versions ... unfortunately I could n't get these to work either ... My advice if you buy it ... try to get it set up immediately and if it does n't work , do n't count on Tech support to help you out ... return it instead . If it does work for you , then congrats . . because it looks like a very useful program .
 Dont waste your time or your money!Firstly , I think this piece of software must have built by a blind person . It was impossible to use , very cumbersome , and very difficult to figure out . Secondly , when I tried to call the company to get some help , I could n't believe how rude , and uninformed their staff are . The leads themselves were not all that accurate , and the whole process process was n't worth a single dime .
 Unfortunately , there are many releases of this product , and these listings dont say what year they were released , nor provide any way to contact the seller before the sale to find out . I 'll buy elsewhere
 Application included for browsing images , etc. is only for Classic OS - NOT OS X !
 This product only works on the very old MACs that ran on the Motorola chip . I tried to install software to emulate the old operating system and was not successful .
 Im computer literate and regularly use a number of varying programs from Visio to Logic Audio to MS Office . After picking up Illustrator however , Im frustrated by the lack of intuition and steep learning curve the software offers . Ive been told that the world revolves around 2 types of people
 This is the worst version of Adobe Illustrator to be released since version 9 . Opens files that I 've been using for years and then writes scribbled , unopenable ` saved ' versions . Crashes . Ca n't save for mysterious reasons . Writes `` version 10 '' files with text split into pieces.Such a fine product ! Really glad I paid money for it !! I downgraded back to Irritator 10 .
 The product description says this software runs on Macintosh , but the product I received is for Windows . Since I threw away the packaging in order to pack it easily for my trip home , I ca n't send it back . Do not purchase this if you have a Mac , as it can not be installed !
 Printmaster 17 Gold does not work on my Windows 8 computer . It was a complete waste of money . Maybe you could suggest a way I could benefit from it .
 I guess you could say I 'm a cooking software aficionado . I 've been watching this industry for many years . I 've seen products come and go.MasterCook is a pretty good product but since Sierra sold it to ValuSoft a couple years ago , my confidence in it has declined significantly.ValuSoft is just out to make a buck . The only technical support they offer is via e-mail . They are milking the brand for all it 's worth and when they ca n't get anything else out of it , they will discard it like they have done with all their other old titles.It 's not that they 're a bad company , that 's just their business model . They buy old products that have some value , they repackage them so they look `` new and improved '' and sell them at deep discounts until they do n't sell anymore . They 're not truly committed to the cooking software category . `` As long as the software works well , what does it matter ? '' is probably what you 're thinking right now , right ? That 's what many people thought before Windows XP came out . But they were very sad to find that their MasterCook software did not work on Windows XP . After spending hours and hours entering their own recipes they suddenly found that they were unable to run the MasterCook program on their new Windows XP computers.Over a year later , Sierra fixed the compatibility problem in order to sell the product to ValuSoft but what happens when the next Operating System comes out?Before you spend a lot of time entering in your own recipes into MasterCook , I highly recommend that you take a look at some of the other options out there.In my opinion , the Cook 'n Software by DVO is the best . The interface is a bit dated but the company is totally committed to cooking software . They are constantly enhancing the software and they post updates regularly and let you download them for free.There are some other good products on the Internet as well like the Living Cookbook but they 're not as secure as DVO . They 're relatively new and still have yet to prove themselves.That 's my opinion ... for what it 's worth . I hope this helps somebody . It 's probably more than you ever wanted to know ... but when you consider the amount of time it takes to key in all those recipes , I figure it 's better to get the scoop up front rather than find out after the fact.Whatever you decide to do , organizing your recipes on the computer is FAR better than any other paper method . If you 've never tried an electronic cookbook before , you 're going to LOVE IT !
 If you want to print custom paper -LRB- like 3x5 or 4x6 index cards -RRB- , be aware that this software may not work with your printer and tech support absolutely refuses to answer anything that has printer in the email.I had V5 .0 working fine and updated to V7 .0 . My custom 4x6 cards now print off the page with increasing indents . I had to write a helper program which takes an exported recipe and formats it into Microsoft Word in order to print .
 I upgraded to this program so that I could use the PDA download for my shopping , but there 's a glitch in the program that does n't transfer fractions correctly . -LRB- I have contacted the manufacturer , and they confirmed that this is a known bug , and there is currently no fix for it . -RRB- So do n't waste your money if you 're thinking this is a great idea .
 Years ago , when Sierra still owned MasterCook , there was a Mac version ... and I LOVED it . There was even a promised upgrade , which never came through . -LRB- I believe that was about the time Sierra sold MasterCook . -RRB- My understanding is that they have no intentions of continuing the Mac version . Perhaps those people looking for the Mac version can find a used one somewhere , although it will only run in Classic mode . I 'm currently looking for a cookbook program for my windows laptop , and am not sure I will support a company without active development , out of concerns of what happens when windows upgrades ... But , overall , the program delivers what was promised , for now .
 I recently had the onerous job of drawing several plans for an addition to my home . I had the option of hiring an architect -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- , or doing the drawings myself -- and I selected this software to do the later.First of all , I was successful drawing 5 or 6 floor plans for my existing home and the addition . However there were some `` hiccups '' and problems along the way . Here is what I found : - I gave up trying to create a roof that would look anything like what I needed to draw . This was true for my existing home as well as the roof for the addition . This was by far the biggest problem with this software -- I watched various on-line `` videos , '' looked for help in forums , etc. but I was unable to render it correctly . Big problem because I was unable to get a good 3D or elevation drawing and actually was forced to draw these views by hand -LRB- well , a ruler and pencil -RRB- . The auto-generated roof function is totally useless unless you have a very simple roof structure . - My home has walls of various thicknesses -- while the software provides preselected wall types , it does n't allow you to customize the thickness -LRB- which was a problem -RRB- . So I had to use a `` canned '' masonry type wall -LRB- 12 '' thick I recall -RRB- to represent a wall I have that 's not masonry and about 18 '' thick -LRB- do n't ask ! -RRB- . If you have a newer home with `` standard '' walls , then you probably wo n't have this problem . In my case , I do n't think I have any `` standard '' walls -LRB- home is relatively old -RRB- . - Button layout is confusing -- they would be better off following typical `` Windows '' layout . Easy to forget what the icons represent . - I tried to use this software to lay out a garden -- however I literally could n't find any of the plants I 'm growing in their library . I understand there 's an optional product can purchase -LRB- which I did n't -RRB- , but they really should provide a better `` basic '' choice of plants . - Very difficult to add dimension lines -- it 's difficult to explain unless you try to use it . For example , you `` drag '' across an area you want to add a dimension line ... it invariably sets one of the points to the middle of a wall -- which is n't what you want if you want the interior dimension of a room . They do n't provide a simple way to click on two `` spots '' and produce a dimension line . If a dimension line sits inside of a wall , it 's very difficult to select it ... on several occasions I was forced to delete the wall because I could n't select and move the dimension line out of the way . There 's an alt-click -LRB- I recall -RRB- method to select overlapping objects , but it sometimes just does n't work . - Sometimes , no matter what I did , I could not get a precisely sized object -LRB- like a wall 's length -RRB- . They have a `` nudge '' tool for precise sizing that does n't work on all objects . Software has a propensity to `` snap '' to grids or other objects which can be really annoying . You can disable it , but it 's hidden in some menu somewhere.And so on -- there were many other minor irritations that I worked through . The bottom line -LRB- sic -RRB- is that I was able to get most of the layouts done -LRB- except anything that would show a roof -RRB- -- but I had to `` fight '' the software in order to do it .
 The item arrived already open , both the box and the discs . I 've tried repeatedly to install them and they are not working . I 've contacted customer service over the phone and email and have had no response to sending them back .
 They list this software as Vista compatible . Their vision of compatible is the software runs 10 minutes then crashes - if you can finish all your work in 10 minutes , you 'll be fine.The drawing tools are weak , doing a simple 45 degree bend in a kitchen island is impossible . Doing something simple like putting a sink where you want it on a countertop is impossible - it always centers the sink in the space provided . If you 're used to even the drawing tools in MS Powerpoint , this will be a big disappointment .
 You think if the software could do all the great things it says so easily , then a garage should n't be so hard , right ? The simplest things like getting it to print right , laying out joist , wall height ... pain in the ... If you have never touched a tape measure or hammer and want to play pretend architect you might have found what you need . I recommend anyone with knowledge of construction , CAD , or decent software steer clear - it will only confuse and frustrate you - I though since it was created by Chief Architect it would have been worth a **** .
 I First realized that the product was limited when browsing the 100 or so samples that come with the product I saw there were NO split-level samples to use as a basis for modeling our existing home . After 4 hours of tweaking with floor levels , wall heights and unintuitive invisble walls , I was able to get something resembling our existing 3BR split-level , but it 's off enough that my wife and I will not be able to get the kind of visualization we expected.Invisible walls allowed me to approximate our multi-sloped roof , but the result is not very satisying for all the effort.On the other hand , if NOT trying to model a split-level , it is very easy to use , almost trivial , to pop out a model from a floor plan and the renderings look very nice.Bottom line
 This product , along with Vip C is no longer being supported . I recommend that Mac users looking for a BASIC programming package try REALBasic , or Future Basic . Codewarrior Discovery is also a good choice .
 Package clearly states it imports resumes . When you get to that part it tells you that if you want to import it will have to be plain text -LRB- i.e. no Word docs -RRB- , with bullets and formatting removed . Well , that 's pretty much just not importing.Secondly , the program hangs on XP all the time . I have a brand new machine , with patches . And I updated Resume Maker right off . Still hangs.Really , this is a waste of money . I 'm giving up on it and going back to Word . All the other ` features ' -LRB- sample resumes , etc. -RRB- can be found at many websites .
 The best part of this program is that it offers a variety of formats to use to write your resume . However , if you dare use the `` Resume Caster '' option , you 'll get your email address sent to many different online employment agencies that will then send you job offers that are not even in your field . The end result is that you have a whole new set of spammers flooding your email box constantly . In addition , the salaries that they quote for some jobs are over 10 years old ! So if you wanted to find a current salary range for the job you 're seeking , you 'll know what the WERE ten years ago . There are other parts of this program that are decent and I think it 's worth a purchase for some people .
 The drop-down menus are not specific enough for different job titles , I have a M.S. in Chem . Eng , my choice from Resume Maker is chemical technician . Graphics do not export to a Word format . Resume Caster i.e. send one resume to multiple job sites , is very limited and useless if your are experienced in your area of work . Software locks-up often . Waste of Money . I wish I could get a refund .
 If all you want to do is create and print a resume you might be happy with this software . None of the other features work . Resume Maker states that you can choose from thirty different styles in which to print your resume . Does n't work . Resume Maker also says that you can e-mail your resume and it will retain its original format . Not so . I sent a resume to a prospective employer , making sure I sent it in the format requested . -LRB- HTML -RRB- It was a mess . I had to send a hard copy byUPS . Individual Software has yet to responed to e-mails sent to customer service .
 I have Windows XP media on my home PC . After loading this software , I got a message that critical Windows files had been replaced by an unrecognized version . It prompted me to insert my Windows XP Professional CD . I do n't have this since I do n't have Windows XP Professional . I rebooted my PC and it would not boot up properly . I had to uninstall this product and do a roll back . Once I did this , my PC was fine.If you have Windows XP , I would not recommend buying this product . It will screw up your PC . I ca n't really rate the actual product since I ca n't use it .
 When I searched the Amazon site for Adaptec software , I was reacting to the abysmal performance of the CD writer that comes with the ver 7.01 Windows Media Player . I thought , why is the company displaying such a large ad to upgrade to the Deluxe product . I still have no clue . I own two other CD burning products , which unfortunately do not convert from Microsoft 's WMA file format . Adaptec 's software is horribly buggy . My error rate on over 30 CDs was about 35 % . That 's correct
 My wife purchased this product for me for Christmas and I must say at first it looked extremely easy to use . However it would not recognize I had a DVD RW drive in my HP media center PC when every other application I have has no problem using it . For a CD burner it is pretty useless if it does not even recognise your drive as a burner . Then both my CD drive and DVD drive disappeared from my system -LRB- Not physically of course -RRB- . The registry entries for them became corrupted . I had to do a complete rebuld of my system and it took me about 8 hours of time to get it back to a working state with my previously loaded software . I have deleted all traces of it and am taking it right back to the store .
 I 've used the Financial Planner for a number of years and found it helpful ... until recently . The additions of Roth IRAs a few years ago and other more recent tax changes required the planner to be updated . It is no longer accurate . I tried installing one of the patches , but it would n't install . So I 'm left with my favorite financial planner being almost useless . It still helps me consider all the options for planning my retirement , but it could have remained GREAT . Intuit is not supporting this product adequately , so now I 'm in the market for something better . Too bad , it really was great a few years ago . Too bad for Intuit and their customers .
 This company does not support Choral Music . Do not let the fact that they sell microphones and subscriptions to vocal ensembles mislead you . They do not have ANY choral music available to practice and have no plans to do so . This discrimination disappoints me . I can not support a company that promotes discrimination.This company also makes Finale . After discovering their attitude towards Vocal Ensembles , I am making plans to switch from Finale to Sibelius . If you are a Choral Director , you should too . If you are a Band or Orchestra Director , it would be helpful if you pressured the company not to continue this discrimination .
 Do n't purchase this . You 'd be paying for a disk containing shareware applications , and you 'd be getting no registration keys or serial numbers . This is stuff you could download . And , it 's old.In the time you spent searching for this , you could have downloaded the current version , or at least a truly free version.I bought this package at a close-out sale , and although it cost me $ 2 there , it was a rip-off not having serial numbers for these old versions -LRB- I have an OLD palm without much memory , so this was supposed to be perfect -RRB- .
 While it is my fault that I did not notice , this will not run on and XP computer . Very hard to even try . Of no use to me the way it is . very old software
 IT WAS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED IT TO BE - WISHED I COULS HAVE RETURNED IT .
 I tried playing the trial version of this game on a desktop computer , and it seemed OK , so I bought the full CD version from Amazon for my wife , who likes to play games on her little Samsung netbook . After installing it , I got a message that `` Gemsweeper has encountered a problem and needed to close . '' I followed all of the developer 's suggestions to try to get the game to run , including installing direct X and so forth , but it would n't work . Since I have another Samsung netbook , I also tried to install it on that one , with no luck.So I wrote to -LSB- ... -RSB- , who packaged the game , and received this reply
 I purchased this software at an Office Store and am extremely disapointed . This is Web based so the software itself only points you to a Web site . It wo n't allow me to register the computer I 'm trying to protect and customer service has n't replied to my email . If you want to put it on a second computer they direct you to their site to buy another license for $ 50.00 . There are much better alternatives cheaper or even free out there .
 I like the NIV translation and I have been jotting down many study notes besides the relevant verses in a hardcopy NIV bible . I thought that the computer age must have created something better than pen and paper to jot notes and I have been looking for software programs that allow me to take notes and attach them to verses in the bible . What attracted me to this software of course the NIV translation but more importantly , their mentioning of the ability to take notes . I thought that 's exactly what I was looking for . After I installed the software and looked at the `` take notes '' functionality , I discover that the content of notes can link to different documents but you could not link your note into the verses of the bible . Big disappointment ... . Previously , I tried out Laridian 's PocketBible with the note taking feature , that 's great . I would have bought that if it was available for a PC ...
 I 'm surprised software this old is still for sale . I 've used 123 since the mid-80s and still prefer it to Excel , even through I have the most current version of Office . I believe your best value is to buy the most current version of 123 as part of Lotus SmartSuite 9.8 / 9.8.2 -LRB- available for a couple of dollars more on Amazon -RRB- ; I bought my copy about a decade ago . I originally ran SmartSuite 123 and WordPro under Windows 98 and currently run it under Windows 7 Enterprise and Mac OSX Lion using Parallels . SmartSuite also includes Word Pro , which is an excellent word processor , and Freelance , which was good in its day -LRB- over a decade ago -RRB- but not competitive with Power Point 2003 or later .
 I ordered Lotus 123 , edition 5 for Windows 95 and 98 . The package did n't arrive in a timely manner . I contacted them 2 times . The first reply said it was mailed . The second said they sent another disk due to the time elapsed . The wrong disk arrived . I got edition 4 , which stated I could update by registering by December 1995 . The disk clearly states it was developed in 1995 and therefore was not for Windows 98 .
 If you are the average person -LRB- like me -RRB- wanting to create a drawing be prepared to take a study to learn this program . Otherwise you will not get the drawing you want . Too hard to understand .
 I bought this to throw together some quick drawings for clients , but it is so clunky , that I just use my full version of AutoCAD 2006 . I admit that I have not spent any time trying to set it up , and I have spent years setting up AutoCAD .
 i have Vista on my computer and im having trouble installing it ... i havnt had a chance to get online to see if theres a patch or fix for my problem
 I bought this product to do 2D mechanical drawings . I work at a research center that has a small machine shop and in which I do quite a bit of work . I 've used AutoCAD in the past and thought that this would make AutoSketch easy to learn.I was wrong . I found it to be clumsy and slow and difficult to learn . Ultimately , I purchased AutoCAD LT and I still have n't found anyone at the center who wants AutoSketch for free .
 I am a long user of graphic and drawing programs , including Canvas , MacDraw and Corel . I bought AutoSketch 9 hoping to have a relatively cheap tool for drawing flowcharts , maps , sketches , diagrams and such . AutoSketch was billed as the solution to my needs and easy to use . It is neither.For example , in most applications , to duplicate an object and align it with the grid-snap takes maybe one key-press and and one click-and-drag . In AutoSketch , it takes eleven steps -- eleven complicated and non-intuitive steps.Another example . In AutoSketch , you can not select an object then select a fill color . You must select a filler tool , then go through menus of colors , then click on the object . This may seem only a little more complicated , but your object is NOT filled with color ! A new , colored object is created of the same size , and hides the original one . Even the border of the original is hidden.The simplest actions in AutoSketch are mind-bogglingly complicated and arcane , when you can figure out how to do them at all . Most of the relatively ` easy ' operations I learned how to perform came with unintended and undesireable side-affects . Experience in the full-blown AutoCAD application is probably a requirement to get any use at all out of AutoSketch.This is not a tool for kids . Or even for adults unless they 're professional propellor heads who think that memorizing eleven steps to duplicate a rectangle is `` kool '' . I do n't . It 's been ten years since I 've had a computer application make me this angry and frustrated.AutoSketch 9 is a total waste of time and money . I 'm returning my copy .
 AutoDesk Corp. is exactly like Microsoft Corp. in that they have known software * bugs * in their products but refuse to issue fixes for them . Then they release a new version which supposedly fixes the * bug * and expect you to PAY THEM AGAIN . They do that because they have a near MONOPOLY on the CAD market.I owned QuickCAD and was quite pleased with it . It was faster , better and MUCH cheaper than AutoSketch or AutoCAD . Then Autodesk bought the QuickCAD company and no more updates were available . Autodesk required me to purchase AutoSketch as an `` upgrade '' to obtain compatibility with MS Win2k OS . AutoSketch 6 was supposed to incorporate QuickCAD code and it did _ partially _ but not enough to be the same quality of CAD software . THEY HAVE NEVER FIXED AUTOSKETCH and EVERYTHING BAD that has been written about the software is TRUE . In particular this product , Autosketch 9 , is priced at THREE TIMES what the MSRP should be.I have been using it for over five years . It drives me nuts when I want to something simple because they make it very complicated . Whenever possible , I use something else . There are LINUX CAD solutions capable to do most drafting type work and the basic programs are FREE -LRB- the `` professional '' versions cost about a third as much as AutoCAD -RRB- . Of interest to you , probably , is that they will import and , some , export AutoCAD files ... If there is anyway possible , stay the H ! away from anything to do with Autodesk . I do , now , but I am not tied to some corporate kickbacked mandate ...
 I bought the video and was very disappointed . It is not at all what I expected and tries to present a clinical approach to very personalissues . Sorry , but there are FAR better choices so save your money .
 This piece of software is absolutely terrible . I could not get it to work . It would not download on my computer.I am sure that you can find a lot better pieces of software out there so buy them not this .
 The company -LRB- Versaware -RRB- that Simon & Schuster used for this product has gone out of business . Many of the links are no longer active . Technical support did not even know that there was a Macintosh version . The product is subtitled `` 2001 and beyond '' but the software was copyrighted in 1999 . This product is not worth it .
 This is the second review I have written for this product - the first review was never posted.I had high hopes when I purchased this set , especially with all the products combined into one . Unfortunately , the interface and the inability to update the databases give it a failing grade.The encyclopedia is based on the `` Versaware '' system wherein you can add titles to a database -LRB- or update titles -RRB- residing on your computer and then the titles appear in a pane on the left margin of the screen . The titles come as described in the advertisements , but they are from 2000 . When you try to update them , you ca n't . When try you go to the Versaware web site , you find that it is up for sale - out of business - kaputt . I also do n't like the inability to use one title without opening up the whole program . And if you want to look up pictures or multimedia files , the program forces you to switch the two CDs you get back and forth in order to get the content.If you want a clunky out of date product , plunk down your money . Otherwise , you 'd be better off looking at one of the other encyclopedia compliations .
 This used to be a very reliable program . Upgrading to SX has been a big disappointment . A few features that were great in VST 5.1 are missing , such as
 I did not get the unlocking code.Please advise.Thank you.Alex Carvajal
 I bought this product for use on my boat with my GPSMap60CSx . The first time I used it , it showed my boat traveling on land near the water . This did n't happen with TOPO US . I compared the two programs and found that US Inland Lakes had a lot of location errors in my area . I have found places where it shows roads running `` in '' the water . I sent an error report to Garmin . Even if they correct the problem on future versions , people who bought this disc are stuck with the errors . It ca n't be depended on for navigation in my area , at least . You could easily run aground believing you were in deeper water . If the reviews had an option to insert photos , I would add a couple screen shots of the errors .
 I bought this product with fishing in mind , but ... . it has serious accuracy problems . Depth contours are off by as far as a couple of hundred yards . It does not show connecting channels between lakes , and some state boat launches are omitted . If you buy this product for a general overview it will be fine for your needs . If you buy this product as a TOOL that you are going to implement on a day to day regiment , save your money .
 I live in Montana , and this mapset only included depths for 1 of the lake that I fish . I wish I had more hands so I can give this mapset 4 thumbs down !
 My Garmin 545 comes with preloaded costal maps . They work as advertised.But the $ 99.99 inland maps card lakes needed detail . On Lake George , NY , it does not show marker or warning devices . Only the 1890 survery -LRB- free from the US Government -RRB- depth and shoreline information shows on the device . Other makes provide the needed detail . This is a very poor showing for Garmin .
 I called Garmin to verify the buoy information for Lake Hartwell in GA/SC was on this database , and was told it was . What a disappointment ! After installing the expensive Garmin data card loaded with the pricey little datacard reader , I found there is very little added information over the regular database on my GPSmap396 . This is one time Garmin dropped the ball , then badly train personnel lied about it . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 This company just ca n't get the size right . Every camera bag should have one , The 81/2 `` X11 '' is to large and this one is two small . They should make one at about 5 `` X 7 '' size . If it was also a little less expensive I would recommend it to my 11000 students.The same is true with their White/Grey/Black card . In classes we would just cut them in half.Which we ca n't do with the color ones .
 I have used the French/Italian of this s/w originally designed for Win 3.1 going Win 95 . As described it will work with later regimes.The main part of the program probably is bug free , but I did experience problems in the exercise part of the Italian version . There seems to be no support for this product and it is no longer being corredcted or developed so such problems will be unresolved.Given its date , it was at the beginning of such windows software and has stills rather than videos for the coversations . Also the teaching method also shows its age.Whether this is for you will depend upon how much you like the look feel of old software and its limitations . Could suit some people on a low budget not into the latest leading edge language learning technology and methodology . If cheap could be worth a look .
 This version of Yahtzee is incompatible with Windows Vista Premium . Amazon 's product description had no restrictions cited . Most Yahtzee verions are not compatible , but I did find one from Spintiop that was .
 Would n't work with any of my computers so it was money wasted.Tired on line fix and that did n't work either.Becareful to check what it will work on .
 got the game . . no instructions . . knew how to play classic and painted but the other 3 I didnt have a clue . wouldnt go full screen on computer . other wise its ok ...
 As a fan of dexter when i was young , i wanted to buy this game , true , i did enjoy it back when , but now i really look at it . There is one puzzle that can be extremely annoying in this game , there is no way to save your progress while doing one of the games . I still can not figure out one of the puzzles . But only one of them . If you 're going to buy this , be sure to buy it used . It was not that enjoyable . The only things nice are the print station where you can print things , and the mini games , the main games are awfull , with one being so-so , but pitifull . All in all , as a fan of dexter , the print station is worth buying the game , otherwise , stay clear of this game .
 This product has not been updated for several years . It really does not work very well and not worth the money . I was very disappointed in it 's performance . Scanning a from into Print Shop and creating text boxes is actually easier .
 The program is a cute , but incomplete tool for studying a language . It offers categorized quizzes and vocabulary introductions , but these are basically computer-aided flashcards.There is no introduction to sentence structure , and only a hand full of obscure phrases.The only unique feature is the record and playback feature that allows you to here yourself pronounce along with a native speaker.The recorder is helpful , but I think for the price you could get a more complete understanding of Danish with a book/tape system .
 This product does not help at all . Sure it does help you learn a couple of words , but why spend money on something you can find on the internet ?
 I read the online reviews of this product and thought it looked good or at least good enough . It is n't . The image editing is incredibly jerky and the actors ' smiles are downright creepy when seen time and time and time again ! -LRB- Were the option available to exclude the actors from the screen while still hearing them speak , it would be a better product . -RRB- Though some of the vocabulary presented may be useful , the content of the CD does not offer much in the way of sentence or phrase help .
 The first problem is that the amount of material covered is extremely limited - the vocabulary you learn would probably fit on a single sheet of paper . What 's worse though is that they do n't bother including the `` en '' or `` ett '' articles with nouns , so you have no idea what gender a noun is , and whatever nouns you do learn will have to be learned a second time with their proper gender . Definitely not recommended .
 While the software ad says it is for beginners ... this is not . A beginner needs reviews of the letters of the alpabet itself . This software however plunges straight into conversational hebrew . Hebrew is a languare that does not have an english alphabet . The hebrew language is made from symbols . The software does not review the letters at all .
 The CD has minimal content .
 This is absolutely NOT for beginners . My kids have had a little German already and were totally confused by this . I have had 2 years and could find my way around it OK . But , I did n't find it very useful . The software is `` impatient '' in the dialogue mode . If you do n't respond at the exact right second and exactly the correct pace it ca n't understand you . The grammar section is silly . It does not coordinate with the lessons . You have to dig around in it trying to find what you 're looking for . I could go on and on . I 'm very glad I got mine as an overstock . I would be FURIOUS if I paid full price for this . I do n't even know if it 's worth the $ 25 I paid .
 I bought this software hoping it would teach me german from the ground up . This just threw me right in to speaking words and phrases I found it diffcult to use and follow.I bought a book and some cassette tapes and found them to be superior for my money for a lot less dollars.I will try them AGAIN cause I can not take it back BUYER BEWARE .
 I have never written a review for Amazon before , but I found this product so utterly worthless that I could n't resist the temptation , lest others fall into the same trap I did . It might have some applications for people who have ADHD and ca n't concentrate on a book or a Pimsleur lesson , but any serious language learner will find this program , with its idiotic sound effects , its more or less incomprehensible sound graphs , and its laborious manner of arriving at the point , a pure waste of time . People might find it fun and might think themselves special for having learned to say `` Guten Abend '' and `` Wie geht es ihnen , '' but I have grave doubts any substantive competency can be gained with this method .
 This is beyond the worst waste of money ever . It has zero educational value . It takes a fair amount of time to sort through loading on your computer and such . Once it is installed , you go through all the processes of setting up the program , entering all your information , purpose for using it , etc. . After all that , you think you are reading to learn a language . To the contrary , this is how the very first beginner level went . I want to be specific so everyone is very clear on how bad this program is . It shows a picture and then 3 sentences next to it . These sentences are complete sentences with subject , verb , and so on . At the top , it says to carefully listen to each choice before selecting an answer . In the end , you will find out there is no question and no place to select an answer . There are just the 3 sentences . All 3 sentences actually apply to the picture . If you click on one , you are not submitting an answer like it says , you are having it say the question outloud . After you go through several pictures and sentences , it gave an activity . At this point , it still has given NO instruction at all , just pictures and sentences . One of the pictures was as basic as a set of books just sitting in a pile.The activity also had no learning value . It was a word search . There was a list of words in the target language and then you searched for them . That was it , nothing to help learn the words at all . The next activity was a series of sentences with a word missing . There was a multiple choice of words to pick to fill in the blank . Remember , no instruction of the language has been given at all . Many of these sentences were verbs . No instruction on the language has been given at all , let alone verb conjugation . -LRB- I already know the target language , I got the program for my teenager who will be taking the language in school next year -RRB- . You click on your answer . It did not really tell you if you got the question wrong . I knew when I got it wrong because I already knew the language and was able to , on my own , because of my prior knowledge of the language , tell that the word changed to one color if correct and another close-in-color if it is incorrect . It never made a sound to indicate it was incorrect nor did it give a correct answer or a chance to select a different word . It simply then went on to a different sentence.About tech support . I spent the week attempting to call the tech support number . You would think that someone there had used the program at some point . NO ONE I spoke to had ever used the program . At most , they signed in . One person explained to me that she spent a fair amount of time in training , but it was all about installing the software and setting up the program . I spoke to several people at Tell Me More and no one there had any clue about how the program was supposed to work . Two times , I was transferred to someone that I was told might know how the program is supposed to work . It is Friday night now and I never heard back from either of the two people that I left messages with . I find it amazing that the people at the company itself , at the technical support line , have never used the program beyond installing it and have no clue how the program is supposed to work.Please save your money and frustration . Of anything I have ever purchased that I can recall , this was the biggest waste of money and time . And if nothing else , any place with such a rotten technical support staff , rotten training of their staff , you will be 100 % on your own with this non-refundable software program .
 I speak a very little amount of german but i was looking for something that starts from the ground up . You know teaches you basic words , how to say them and what they mean and then gradually work up to putting words together to make sentences . This isnt the case . It jumps right in to sentences and phrases , luckily I understood what was going on , at first . Right now the program is teaching me how to pronounce words and not even giving me the meaning of the words I 'm trying to say . It does have a glossary where you can look up the word your pronouncing but it takes several clicks of the mouse and a few pages have to load to get to it ... good luck remembering how to spell the word your trying to research by the time you get to the glossary . Once you leave the glossary your not even going back to the same part of the lesson you were in anyway your starting over . I dont know why they do n't make the translation coincide with the word your trying to pronounce.If your a complete beginner I urge you to spend your money somewhere else . If you just wan na brush up then try me and see if I 'm wrongviel gluck !!
 I found this product to be simply tedious and annoying . I 've learned a little german through Rosetta Stone german for dummies , and wanted to be able to become atleast proficient in german . With all the praise this product got i thought it would be incredibly good . However when i started using this program it would start u off with vocabulary that you 've never learned and when you use the translation key it gives you five or so translations for each word , making it even more confusing , and then you would get crossword puzzles that included tons of words that the program has n't even taught you yet , so i would try to look them up , but many times i would not be able to find the right word to fit the number of spaces , and even if i did , i would rarely remember what the word was . Then there were these exercises where you would have to type what the speaker was saying down
 I ca n't truthfully say if it is a decent product or not because it keeps crashing my computer operating on XP and I ca n't figure out why . I have to say that this is not the first time this has happened with DK software . I had the same problem with a math title a while back . I do n't seem to have that problem with any other of edu software I get for my kid.But what is preventing me from trying harder to solve that problem , however , is the fact that the tutor/narrator has a strong British accent . This would be ok for most US kids who have English as their first language , but it is not ok for kids who are learning English . -LRB- And I want to use this program with a mixed group of kids . -RRB- I tried to overlook it except when he asked me to spell the word `` bought '' and instead of the broad vowel sound like `` baaawt '' it came out all clipped like the guy 's mouth was hardly opened . I did n't get to see if there was any British spelling because in my trials in between crashes , I did n't come across any words that would have had differences between British and American spelling . But funny how the description would n't mention the Brit-speak !
 I thought I found the perfect spelling program for my 10-year-old son . He does n't understand spelling rules and wants to spell everything just like it sounds . This program was going really well and was helping him to understand the rules . The only problem is , it only gives the British spelling . Nowhere on this cd does it say UK version . I emailed the company , and they said they make an American version of this . I am not spending another $ 20 unless I can make sure it is the right one.I have nothing against the British spelling , but I do n't want to confuse him .
 My child found the program boring -- too much lecturing & not enough practice . I also was disappointed in the unimaginative games they created to reinforce learning . Will buy something else instead & wish I could return the darn thing .
 The listing on Amazon and on the case of the product itself does n't indicate that it only runs on a 32 bit platform . Purchased the product not knowing until AFTER I opened it and tried to load . It does n't even say on the package . Do n't waste your time . Now I can only hope to get a refund but I 'm not holding my breath as it is a CD and I opened it .
 I did n't realize this was a UK version of this program . My son ca n't understand the strong British accent , and therefore is not able to provide a correct answer to the questions . Very frustrating ...
 The program has a nasty habit of crashing in Windows XP . It also uses British spelling , which was not mentioned in the product description . The program does not do a very good job of keeping kids engaged , as there seems to be more lecturing than actual spelling practice . I do not recommend this program .
 This product is simply awful for beginners . Do n't buy this unless you already have a good basic knowledge of the language .
 After all reviews showed this product to be the best there is , I am thoroughly disappointed . I am a beginner , and this product is entirely awful for beginners . There is no sense of any progress , and this program is for people who already have an active understanding of the language . Do not waste your money if you do n't know the language . Terrible product .
 A couple of years ago , I was going to France , so I bought `` Learn to Speak French Deluxe '' By the Learning Company . After 8-9 hours , I felt like I could perform basic tasks in French , like ordering , asking direction , checking into a hotel , buying a train ticket ... Now , I 'm headed to Italy , so I looked for a comparable product , but unfortunately , there is no `` Learn to Speak Italian '' . I found Tell Me More Italian and it seemed to be the best option.First of all , it cost about 5x what my very effective French software had cost . Then , when I installed it and tried it out , I found it to be very complicated , much more so than necessary , and WAY over my head in terms of helping me to learn anything . I started with the `` Beginning '' level , only to find dialog , drills , videos entirely in Italian with no explanation . Here 's an example ... the VERY FIRST lesson asks you to respond appropriately to phrases spoken in a dialog . So , the reader says something in Italian and there are a handful of choices all in Italian and I 'm supposed to pick an appropriate one . I do n't even know what the reader just said , let alone what the responses mean . There is no translation , no explanation.When I was considering buying this product , I did a lot of research . I found many , many reviews that complained that it threw you too quickly into the Italian with no explanation . I thought to myself that those people were just wimps that did n't understand that you do n't learn a language by memorizing vocabulary . I already speak Spanish fluently , so I figured , `` Oh , yeah , I can hanle it '' ... boy was I wrong . I should have headed the warnings.What a waste of money -LRB- and , unfortunately , time -RRB- .
 I am an intermediate level Italian speaker . I purchased this product to help me improve my Italian . Unfortunately this product is a complete waste and because there is no money back guarantee , I am stuck with $ 200 of junk . It is completely unsuitable for beginners . The Pimsler course is one of the few Italian products out there that is any good , but it only gets you to a low intermediate level . A good Italian course is desperately needed , but Tell Me More is not it .
 I 'm having the same problem described by other users
 I was disappointed with this product . Navigation is poor and software does not work properly . Plus , you need to know some French in order to get anything out of it .
 This is a pretty good language course , as far as content goes , but it has one major problem - it freezes constantly.In the last hour that I 've been using it , the program has frozen around a dozen times -LRB- not just temporarily , but permanently , requiring the program to be restarted -RRB- . Always when it gets to the pronunciation exercises . Sometimes within seconds of restarting after the last freeze . Now presumably this does n't happen on all computers , but I have a pretty good laptop -LRB- 1.7 GHz Pentium/512MB RAM , well above the recommended system requirements -RRB- and it 's basically unusable -LRB- unless you avoid the speech exercises completely -RRB- . When I pay this much for something I expect it to at least work properly .
 Dont ever buy this , I mean i bougth it with the intention in learning French for my first trip to Europe , but its a complicated software , hard to use , slow when u try to change to another level . I just wasted my cash on somenthing that doesnt work .
 This product is very different from e.g. `` Learn to speak French '' . It does not teach you basic Greek . It will teach you , pleasantly , to say some words and phrases . That 's it.If you are pleased to be able to say `` Good morning '' , `` Thank you '' and `` May I have the bill , please '' in the local lingo , go ahead and enjoy . If you want to understand any reply , you need more than this . If you just want to get around , a very , very thin printed parlor will serve you better and more reliably .
 I should n't complain for $ 10 but this is not at all what I was hoping for . The print and graphics are archaic . Years ago I bought a billing program from the same people that made this and liked it but this is terrible .
 This may have been a great product for Windows 95 and 3.1 but for Window 7 , not so much . I now have Peachtree 11 and have removed the other .
 I had enjoyed Organizer on my old PC . I bought this new software for my new PC -LRB- Windows 7 , 64 bit -RRB- . It does not work for me .
 It 's not December 2010 and neither Amazon nor IBM gives a good rats 's ass as to the problems we all are having with the Lotus Organizer 6.1 that we purchased from AMAZON and were told at the time that it would work well with VISTA !!!! I contacted Amazon a few months ago and said I was interested in upgrading my old Lotus Organizer . I informed Amazon that I currently use Windows Vista . I was told that the Lotus Organizer 6.1 would run fine on my computer , NOT . It will not run and I am totally ticked off.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY
 I was excited about it while it lasted . 3 Weeks . Then , all of a sudden it just crashed and took all my information wiwth it . I had the information backed up , but ca n't stop in the middle of the day to reload software if it decides to do this on a regular basis ...
 I 've used Organizer for years . It always had quirks but it is a great PIM . The best address book out there . Months ago , I saw that windows 7 64 was not supported . I looked at IBM 's site the other day and was amazed that it is now supported . I called IBM and was told that it is supported . I ordered this from Amazon on Saturday . It arrived today . I received about 20 errors -LRB- file writes -RRB- when I tried to install the program . I ignored them . Installation finished and I was asked to register the program . Bad URL . No icon on the desktop . I tried to start the program and it failed . I clean booted -LRB- safe mode -RRB- , uninstalled and removed all remnants . I tried to re install ... Same story . I called the support number included with the packaging no help . I called IBM . The support person could not find any of the product numbers , serial numbers , etc. . He could n't find any legitimacy to them . After a couple of hours on the phone , I was told that since I did n't make my purchase through an authorized seller -LRB- and had no IBM customer number -RRB- I was not eligible for support . I returned the product . Buyer beware !
 Product worked for a few minutes , then crashed repeatedly on new , loaded iBook .
 Warning ! Instant Immersion English Deluxe language course does not have any written scripts available . I contacted Topics Entertainment , the manufacturer , and they told me there is n't any text that goes with it . You can listen to CDs all you want but you can not follow what is being said with the script . It makes it quite useless . Any person who is just starting to learn English language using this software would be at total loss . Keep this in mind before you order , since you can not return this product because it is software !
 I used scansoft and found a lot of it 's features intrusive and troubling . Given the price , I was expecting a much better performance . I 've gone to places like freepdf.saucylabs.com and found the freeware there actually worked much better , especially for just outputting word and quickbooks stuff into a PDF.I have other issues with Scansoft , but in a nutshell , I 'd say buyer beware or ask a friend who uses it .
 One of the common uses for a pdf conversion program is to save snapshots of web pages -LRB- for archiving , etc. -RRB- . However , Create 2.0 does a HORRIBLE job of converting webpages to pdf format - a lot of graphical information is lost . Just try creating a snapshot of yahoo.com - you will end up with something noticably different from what you would see in a browser . For `` website to pdf '' conversion , use one of many free online services such as at http://www.easysw.com/htmldoc/pdf-o-matic.php . If Scansoft Create ca n't even handle web page converson , which is pretty simple , I 'm not too hopeful that it will do a good job with other formats .
 This is a very limited type of calendar creator -- there is not much scope for individual imports of data . I was hoping for more , but this is nice enough for the price if you are not looking for an opportunity for much self-expression in your calendar creations .
 This is a very difficult , time-consuming organizer compared to it 's predecessor Lotus Organizer ' 97 . Between the two , it appears that IBM bought out Lotus & RUINED this once great , easy system . By adding bells & whistles , it takes way too much brain damage & time to do even the smallest tasks . Too many options & too many steps . I was thrilled when I found an update of the wonderful original but , after 3 weeks , it has n't lived up to expectations & I have returned it -LRB- thank you amazon.com ! -RRB- . Another serious irritation
 Organizer lies . It will not transfer DayTimer data.What 's more , the third party CSR phone number -LRB- listed in the software itself -RRB- will know not that Lotus claims their support.And what 's even more , Lotus ' own CSR will be unapologetic and baffled that you do not wish to re-key several hundred names to enjoy the dubious benefits of their wonderful product.So buyer be very ware . This software will likely demand that you re-type all your data . And your calls to Lotus will contact you with unsympathic imbeciles.That 's because they were hired by even more callous cutthroats , whose business plan is to sell you expensive software with nary a thought of offering you help should you require it.So if you think you may ever , ever need support , stay with DayTimer . With Lotus , as with MicroSoft , hey , you 're out there alone .
 It is easy to overwrite a password protected file with another file of the same name . All you need to do is `` Save As '' under the name of the password protected file . It is easy to lose information either by accidently or through malicious activity . If security is a concern consider other programs on the market . I voiced my concerns on Lotus ' website several weeks ago and no one has been able to find a solution to this problem . I wish Lotus would take a more proactive position to customer concerns.I am extremely disappointed in Lotus Organizer 6 lack of security . I am even more disappointed in how nonresponsive Lotus is to security concerns .
 I was hoping for something to help my kids learn more math basics . It was not user friendly and it really was n't games either . It was NOT at all what I was looking for .
 I bought the Gigaware USB Transfer Cable at Radioshack , per their recommendation , to tranfer files from my old XP laptop to new Vista laptop . It comes with the FileMover software.You might think , as I did , how hard is it transfer files -- one of the most basic tasks in computing ? Answer
 I wasted money on this purchase , my primary reason was to obtain the usb link cable , I found out there are no drivers for XP . So I wound up buying the JetLan USB 2.0 transfer cable which works great .
 The product only arrived to me after more than a month ... And in wich form ? The box was soaking wet and also was the content.If the people at Amazon wants , I have pictures . The shipment was through Lanboxusa , so I ca n`t say who has the resposability of both , but the product arrived in unacceptable conditions.Miguel Cervi
 I bought this for my daughter , who is home schooled . I was very disappointed . We used it once and will never use it again . It should be called `` Math Tests . '' There is no learning aspect to this program . The activities are too fast for a child learning math . It is also boring and not interactive . Some of the screens are just number graphs for kids to do addition or subtraction and fill in the blanks . There is nothing special about it .
 Software is n't bad . It 's actually quite usable . But you 'll feel like a circus animal after jumping through all of the hoops to get the software registered . If you have to wipe out the machine and reinstall the OS after a virus or change machines then you 're almost better off forking out the money for a new copy . My time is n't worth more than the time required to deal with trying to get in touch with someone and get the software reregistered . 3 stars for doing what it claims to do reasonably well but 0 stars for treating the customer like a degenerate criminal when trying to get the program registered to work .
 Product should be given away free . Even then it would be over priced . Company was of no assistance and only wanted to sell you something else to replace it .
 This is the most cumbersome piece of software ever , it creates far more work than it saves . 1 -RRB- For every minute you spend having this program scan and recognize your document , you will spend 10 minutes reformatting or correcting the word documment it created . 2 -RRB- it does not recognize slash marks , such as URL 's or dates , `` 07/24/11 . '' It turns anything with a slash into an italic , which means going back through the whole document and fixing anything with a slash . 3 -RRB- the default recognition process involves separating every paragraph , or any non-adjacent text , into a separately formatted section - if you want the whole page formatted as it is , you have to go through additional steps to make sure that happens correctly . 4 -RRB- -LRB- and most infuriating -RRB- your finished document can not be seemlessly merged into an existing Word document - it is created in a box that is then inserted into a Word document like a graphic . This means you ca n't cut and paste anything from the box , the box travels as a unit , and must be formatted so that it falls in the same layer as the existing text - otherwise as you make changes to your document , you will find this text box superimposed on your existing text . More steps . 5 -RRB- Inserting page breaks into your scanned document ? Good luck - you may find the page you were working on has moved to the end of the document , or been layerd on another page , or disappeared entirely.Tech support is non-existent ; search the website for a button that says `` contact us , '' finally find it and the only option is to send them an email , which they of course ignore.I recently used the -LRB- free -RRB- OCR software on my printer/scanner/fax -LRB- I wo n't mention the name because this is not a plug for that product -RRB- and it is like heaven compared to this piece of junk - much simpler , faster and more accurate .
 This product did n't work as well as the Readiris Pro 9 I was replacing . I upgraded as I had a big project of scanning obits for my genealogy society . Do n't waste your money on it as I did ! I should have listened to the other reviews .
 Does n't work at all ! Do not buy this software.Can not convert to Word or Exell when you scan .
 The good
 Similar experience to many others here . Despite paying a lot of money for a physical product -LRB- not a download -RRB- , including a unique serial number , every reinstall requires a new `` registration number . '' US customer support always rolls into voicemail , and calls are never returned . I finally chose the menu choice for their server products and got a real person . He stayed on the phone until I was connected to John P. in customer support . He gave me the number I needed within 15 seconds . When I asked why calls were not returned , he said there were 5 technical support people and they had three promotions running . Not much I can do now , except vote with my wallet in the future .
 I had to look for the setup.exe file since it would not come up automatically . text recognition kept crashing which was really frustrating because it would not save anything . Crashed about five times then I uninstalled it and returned it after wasting a weekend trying to give the software a chance .
 How am I supposed to use a product that crashes every time on Windows XP ? I am using ReadIris Pro 11 , Build 4795 , Copyright 1989-2006 , that came with my HP LaserJet 3050 . Nowhere can I find any sort of patch or update . And the manufacturer does not respond to my requests for help . My advice
 the software vendor pretends to offer a demo/trial version of software , but when trying to download it keeps providing only a series of screenshots . so customer ca n't try it.turned out very poor software.OCR quality is very low.The best OCR quality i 've seen was on the Canon 's CanoScan software that comes with their scanners .
 I e-mailed Iris to get help and have not heard back from them . When the scaned copy goes to word I ca n't read or edit it . I have Iris 7 , Iris 9 , now Iris 11 and I had trouble with them all . -LRB- Help -RRB- Thank you , Frank
 I had read the reviews before purchasing this item - saw the warnings and thought they would n't apply to me . Sometimes it pays to listen to the little warning voice in your head . I tired very hard to learn to use this scanner and never got a complete sentence out of it correct . The product simply does not do what it claims to do . You will find yourself taking more time to get a decent scan than to type what you want on your keyboard . So be warned
 I purchased this scanning pen primarily to use with my MacBook Pro . This is the only handheld scanner that is advertised to work with a Mac -LRB- the older C-Pen C-10 USB scanner works with the PowerPC Macs but not the new Intel Macs -RRB- . I even e-mailed Iris and asked them if this product `` ran natively on the Intel Mac '' . I was told that it would have `` no problems '' running on an Intel Mac ... First , it is not native to the Intel Mac -LRB- ie . it is not a Universal program -RRB- . Second , the software is very buggy when used with the Intel Mac . It shut down on multiple occasions and the trigger only functions sporadically . IT IS NOT FUNCTIONAL ON AN INTEL MAC.The scanner does not feel very well built -LRB- too light and the plastic seems a bit cheap -RRB- . IrisPen also charges $ 100 for any software upgrades , which most companies -LRB- C-Pen -RRB- provide for free.The only thing that keeps me from giving this a 1 star rating , is the fact that the scan quality is fairly good on a PC.Basically , handheld scanners are great for students and professionals who do writing -LRB- physicians , lawyers , etc -RRB- . If you are looking for a great USB handheld scanner -LRB- for PC use -RRB- , then try to find a C-10 -LRB- no longer made -RRB- by C-Pen . The C-20 -LRB- the upgrade to the C-10 -RRB- is good but not great -LRB- better than the IrisPen Executive though -RRB- .
 I 'm sorry to say that other reviews of this product from customers who really wanted it to work also apply to my experience . The software loaded on my Mac -LRB- OS X 10.4.7 -RRB- , but then the trouble started . The software USB driver could not seem to keep the pen captured , and when it did , scanning was haphazard . Not that it mattered , because try as I might -LRB- and believe me , I am a very careful troubleshooter -RRB- , I could not get a scan that was clear enough or stable enough for IRIS to recognize . This is too bad , because the IRIS engine in general is fast and accurate in other Mac applications ... and is what led me to give this product a try . Thank you as always to Amazon for your customer-friendly return policies !
 It is scandalous that this proudct advertises it works with the Mac -- it 's a handheld disaster . With 10.4.7 , it will freeze your Mac and require rebooting . I seriously doubt they have spent any time trying to update the drivers for any changes to the operating system in years . Save your time and money , and pass on this .
 This product has been horrible . I have been on the phone with tech support for hours and they now want me to send it to them because `` it does n't work '' they claim . What a nightmare and so many precious wasted hours ! Do n't get this product ! Stay away ...
 It seems like a great idea , but it does n't work . This scanner never once produced a clean line of text for me , and was absolutely baffled by Italian and by font variations . I wasted a good bit of time and $ 20 shipping costs on this lemon .
 Since we recently upgraded to Vista with a snazzy new pc and my husband really loves to play Wheel of Fortune -LRB- Version 1 -RRB- , I was ecstatic to discover a 2nd version . Of course , I immediately bought it . What a huge disappointment!Most of the graphics are identical and some are much worse . You can no longer click past `` Vanna talk '' or the boring descriptions of virtual prizes . You can not escape the game until it 's your turn . The sound effects are no longer like the tv game . Instead , they replaced them with obnoxious tones.Still yet , my husband was very happy to have more puzzles to solve . Unfortunately , even that was ruined . The very first time he played , it locked up and then booted him out of the game.All I can say is `` Way to go Wheel of Fortune Developers . '' You managed to make a good game worse and then make more money selling it again . Boooooo !
 I think the training was ok , but this is 2012 and selling training for the older versions of excel pre-2003 is a waist of time . Most companies are using 2003 or later versions and on this CD it covers only the fundamentals for 2003 , but offers beginner , intermediate , and advanced for the 97 , 2000 , and 2002 years . Learn 2 needs to create another CD and start with 2003 .
 It was easy initially buying , downloading and installing this product . My troubles began when my handheld -LRB- Palm M130 -RRB- crashed and I tried to reinstall . The program was still on my computer , but after many emails with Landmark -LRB- the e-publisher -RRB- I finally figured out that the program that reads the Dictionary was no longer on my handheld . I 'd suggest avoiding this product format -LRB- download -RRB- if they ever re-offer it , and buying the CD !
 I wasted my money on this one . There 's definitely something wrong . What 's described in the little manual and what actually shows up when you run the program are two different things . Either I got a defective , or wrong CD or the manual is the wrong one . I would love to have someone take a look at this . I would n't even think of trying to sell this program using your service . I would n't do that to anyone . I just want people to be aware of this software by Global Star .
 Although Zoombinis Mountain Rescue works fine on MacOS X -LRB- Panther -RRB- , neither of the other two Zoombini adventures -LRB- Island Odyssey and Maths Journey -RRB- work on either my iMac or my eMac - they either crash after the opening video or do n't run at all . Island Odyssey claims to be X compatible . Maths Journey ought to run under Classic . The Reader Rabbit CDs work fine under Classic.Tech support do n't bother to reply or say they do n't support it any more .
 My son was VERY disappointed with the Island Odyssey game . He has played both the Logical Journey and the Mountain Rescue and loved them , so I thought buying the third one was a good idea . Instead , it was a WASTE of my money . It brought him to tears because it was so difficult too quickly - unlike the other versions that gradually get harder . If you 're looking to buy a Zoombinis game - do n't buy this one , buy either Logical Journey or Mountain Rescue instead .
 Thought this would be a good game/learning program for my children , WRONG . Will not work . My PC runs XP and is newer .
 This was a waste of my money . Here I am a teacher , that does not get payed much , spending my own money trying to find new ways to motivate my students and I spend my money on this crappy product . It says it 's for spanish and instead it has other subjects in the program . Do n't waste your money !
 I rated this product `` 1 '' which is unfair becauseI did not consider carefully enough the productdescription , `` Teaches functions , algebraic properties , linear equations . '' This cdrom covers just this narrowscope of algebra . Given this , the price is too high . -LRB- Sorry Mr. Bezos . It 's not your fault . -RRB- I receivedanother package at a lower price that includeda web-based tutorial and covers algebra entirely.In all fairness , the slivers of algebra coveredin this cdrom are covered very thoroughly .
 Do not waste your money buying this product ! I am angry that I read the first review and thought I was getting a program that would be a good grammar review . It was a waste of time . I had to give the product one star because of Amazon 's format . It should be a no star product .
 Personally this is a total dissapointment because of the following :1 . I was looking for some specific grammar learning tool and thought this was what I needed . However , it also contains math and other unrelated items , a contradiction with respect to the title itself .2 . Grammar exercises are poorly prepared . Questions were asked without giving a lesson first . Answers to questions are brief and unsatisfactory , and often with no examples whatsoever .3 . There was supposed to be a TV show or some sort of video according to the box , there is no such thing when you actually run the program - > more contradictions .4 . There is some annoying and irrelevant game , totally unrelated to the objective of grammar learning.To summarize the title of the CD-ROM does not reflect the contents at all , it is inconsistent and full of contradiction . I got so angry at the end that I returned it ... waste of time and money : -LRB-
 Do n't waste your money if you want to learn grammar . This program does not teach , it only provide simple quizes that you can finish in one sitting , yes , the whole program in one sitting .
 Do not buy the book . It will waste your money , at the end you will get very angry . It does not teach you at all .
 Our MCSE consultant spent 77 hours installing and dealing with their inept tech support . The final solution was a complete re-write of 5 of their program files -LRB- he 'd already installed 5 separate and worthless patches -RRB- . At the end , when we complained , they blamed our consultant and their lawyers sent us a nasty letter and a copy of their license agreement stating they were not to blame no matter what.If you buy this product please send us a check too , since we seemed to have been an intricate part of their R & D -LRB- costing us thousands of dollars -RRB- . In all seriousness , stay away from this product.-Joe
 I had hoped this program would be my savior ; however , it has nearly driven me mad . I thought Windows XP was bad . Nero Burning was more of a waste of money than XP . I consider myself PC savvy and I usually can work around PC/software/hardware issues but Nero has me totally confused.What happened ? 1 -RRB- I was unable to make a single CD-R or CD-RW with the software straight out of the box . So I go to Nero 's website and downloaded upgrades .2 -RRB- I upgrade and using InCD 3.280 -LRB- not Nero -RRB- I successfully make a CD-RW . -LRB- I 'm happy now and I setup to make another overnight -RRB- .3 -RRB- Problems galore ! Over the next day , I tried to format and burn 5 different -LRB- new -RRB- CD-RWs from 2 different manufacturers . I tried to format , re-format , erase , and then re-format with no success .4 -RRB- The InCD program said all my new CD-RWs had logic errors on them . But 5 from 2 different makers ? 5 -RRB- With the Nero Burning program , I experienced buffer underruns , Joliet naming problems , and more . I also tried an uninstall/reinstallation as well as just getting the `` demo '' version of the program . Still no success and more wasted hours .6 -RRB- Technical support @ Nero -LRB- Ahead Software -RRB- - a -RRB- it 's NOT a toll-free to Calif. , b -RRB- they are n't polite , c -RRB- expect to wait 20-40 minutes before reaching someone -LRB- remember it 's your dime -RRB- , d -RRB- they did n't help me .7 -RRB- The last thing tech support told me was that my CD-writer -LRB- HP CD-writer 8200 series -RRB- was `` oh yeah , one of those we 're having trouble with '' and that `` I 'll have to wait 2 weeks '' and maybe their engineers will have a fix in the next release.Well , I do n't have 2 weeks . I needed a good CD-burning program with XP - Nero Buring 5.5 was NOT it . I would n't wish the stress and troubles on my worst enemy . Do n't buy it .
 Nero is not a good product if you intend to burn CDs with image files created by a digital camera . The Nero interface to accomplish this task is convoluted and confusing . In addition , you can not create folders on CDs with Nero and the software often quits unexpectedly .
 I have tried to use Nero 5.1 and 5.5.10 . I can not get this thing to burn a CD or a DVD . I 've tried to burn an image to no avail . I 've tried other programs in conjunction with Nero like DVD Decrypter , DVD Shrinker . Either it does n't recognize my CD or DVD , gives error messages in the burn process , or it will burn and not play . I 've used Easy CD Creator to burn CD 's with no problem . I 've burned DVD 's with DVD X Copy Express and Record Now MX with no problem . I 've printed the manual and studied everything.I have a Sony DRU500AX burner with an AMD Athlon 1600 processor running on XP . I am not a newbie to computers . I have been a computer user for 25 years . I hear nothing but rave reviews about Nero , and I just do n't get it . E : mail me if you have any suggestions , because I 've tried to use this piece of junk on and off for a year and half now . NOTHING HAS BEEN BURNED . NOTHING . Zero stars ...
 Most products that support Windows 95 & 98 also work on Windows ME . This product does not , although the manufacturer does n't claim that it does work on Windows ME , they should provide a warning that it does n't work on Windows ME , and not only does n't it work , but it corrupted my system to such an extent that I could n't recover even using the Windows ME System Restore functions . I had to reformat my hard drive and reinstall Windows in order to recover and then reload my data files from a recent backup . Be sure you have a recent data backup available before loading this software .
 No matter Ahead says the Nero 5.5 is full compatible with Windows XP , it is n't ! I own a Presario 5122LA running WinXP PRO , as soon as I 've installed Nero 5.5 and the later patches , my PC started to show some troubles to refresh the change of CD 's , I mean always shows the cd label which was started the PC . Both drives DVD-Rom and CD-RW are in the list of Nero compatible ! , what is worse I try to burn a new cd and shows cd has not enough space , or is not a CD-R or CD-RW . So I shout down my pc and restart with the cd I want to burn inside , only this way the cd was burn.As Ahead never give a word , I uninstalled it and re-installed it , now this are much worse any Cd is good no matter is new or not , no matter I start my pc with the cd inside!I 've sent a mail to Ahead and find an answer to this bug , but I 'm still waiting !! Support is BAD so BAD!Perhaps in others versions is good but why to say , it is WINDOWS XP compatible ? if it is n't !!
 I faced the same problems of Stan Dunagan from paris , TN United States , but my cd writer is TEAC W540E not HP 8200 . Both are supported by InCD as they mention in their homepage .
 I tried Nero because I heard that it was supposed to be better than Easy CD Creator . I was not sold on Nero and found that Roxio has done a much better job at making a full featured product in Creator 6 so easy to learn and use.I will always be a Roxio Creator user now . They have total suite solution now for all your recordings Audio , Photo , VCD , DVD . Does Nero provide all this in one package - NO.You may not agree with me , but until you have tried Creator 6 you just wont know for yourself will you ?
 Absolutely no response from Tech Support.Error code that pops up during installation is not mentioned anyplace in the manual or online help tool.It may be a great product but given my experience with it thus far I doubt it .
 Currently using EZ Creator for my Iomega USB burner . Got 5.5 OEM version from Nero sales rep. Wanted to demo it on my ThinkPad 600x . Installed 5.5 on Win 2000 . On the package , it clearly states supporting Win 2000 . Unfortunately , when rebooting after installation , my PC could not boot up . There were multiple errors during boot up . Did not want to mess with it and uninstalled the software . Please beware . May need to stick with Easy CD .
 Currently using EZ Creator for my Iomega USB burner . Got 5.5 OEM version from Nero sales rep. Wanted to demo it on my ThinkPad 600x . Installed 5.5 on Win 2000 . On the package , it clearly states supporting Win 2000 . Unfortunately , when rebooting after installation , my PC could not boot up . There were multiple errors during boot up . Did not want to mess with it and uninstalled the software . Please beware . May need to stick with Easy CD .
 I bought this software for the ability to put photos taken with a digital camera onto discs for storing and sharing with friends and family . However , after many frustrating attempts I have been unable to create a photo-disc . The help feature was useless . The manuals , a waste of time . I would strongly suggest you consider any other product on the market if you want to make photo-cd 's .
 This is a complicated software program with an unusual user interface . It promises good features and probably has them , but you need to figure out how to get it all to work . Documentation seems like it has been translated through 3 different languages , by the IRS . Sorry , I ca n't recommend it .
 I have been using nero for 2years and it decided to stop working when I use VCD . The Tech support is not good . The Problem i had was encoding video stop at 63 % . I also decided to go with Roxio .
 I have a btc 48 12 48 cd r/w and when I ran the software it said that it does n't support the drive , although it 's on their web site list for supported drives . Their tech support is non-existant there 's no phone # 's and no one answer 's the e-mail . The program was not user friendly , You had to run a different program for each operation instead of having a menu to pick from . Also you ca n't turn cdfile -LRB- Their drag and drop program -RRB- off from the sys tray or even stop it from running unless you know how to edit the registry file . And you have to have the Nero cd to uninstall it . -LRB- it wonn ' t uninstall from add/remove programs -RRB- I do n't usually write bad review 's about products but this one did n't make a very good first impression
 Simply put , my idea of decent CD burning software is one which supplies you options for copying , organizing , and storing information on a compact disk , and interacts with your hardware to get the job done . It should also interefere with the computer and its operating system as little as possible . Nero 's software did none of the above for me . The software provides `` wizards '' to aid the inexperienced software user through the burning process ; it also allows you to bypass the wizards and manually control settings . Either way , the software behaves clumsily . The `` wizards '' are idiodic examples of cryptic pseudo-simplicity which performed poorly for me , while the manual settings are arcane and difficult to manipulate . The software does not come with a printed manual , but with an extremely awkwardly written electronic version -LRB- in fact , I think the manual might just be incorrect , as I followed its `` Step by Step Instructions for Copying a CD '' and found out the steps to be incomplete and to produce results inconsistent with those listed in the manual -RRB- which one must click back and forth onscreen between software and instructions . In addition , loading the software on my computer -LRB- which is equiped with Windows 98 SE -RRB- produced DLL errors which interfered with the computer 's operations and were time consuming to fix . In sum , instead of accomplishing the business at hand , this software forced me to decipher its impossible instructions and to hunt down DLL files and tinker with my computer -- a colossal waste of time .
 Nero is a good program . I was very thrilled with it at first but then shortly after programing it on my computer I began having problems with it . It no longer allowed me to compile my own CD and that was the main purpose of the purchase . Friends of mine have always had the Roxio program installed on their computers , they 've loved it and so have I. For a relativly same price I 'd rather buy a program that would actually work for more than two months .
 I have been a user of Nero since the early version-4 releases . It has always been a great burner and over the years has matured into what can only be described as the best burning package on the market.Since version 5.5.6.4 , I have been having a lot of problems with Nero . Were it not for my drive 's Burn-Proof technology -LRB- Plextor 24/10/40A -RRB- I would be burning coasters . Repeated emails to their tech support go unanswered.I suggest people run with the demo for its entire period before buying or wait until they resolve these issues .
 I purchased Nero after reading some of the glowing remarks here at Amazon.com . Although it copies CD to CD and does CD audio compilations quite well , I have yet to figure out how it 's compiling DATA CD 's . I followed the Wizard last night to copy some photos from different zip disks onto one CD , and by the time I got done , I was n't sure if it had `` closed '' the CD or not ; and when I tried to access the photos , I could only get at a handful of them , despite the fact that it had give me 5 successful burn messages.Then I read something in the online manual about multi-session , and Nero multi-mount . You have to go into Explorer , access that CD drive , and click on volumes , to see all the sessions , then click on the session you want to see . Well , I did that , and it would n't access that session . I fear I 've made a coaster . All I want to do is put photos , data , etc. , on the CD . I 'd like to exchange photos with family and friends . I do n't think it should be this difficult!I will be exploring other CD burning software .
 I am a relative beginner at CD writing , and i have been attempting to write onto CD 's in various formats -LRB- audio , text , and image files -RRB- using the Nero Burning ROM 5.5.4.3 which came with my Artronix internal CD writer . My computer is a Presario 5441 and I use Windows 98 . I 'm writing this review in the hope that others who have had the problems that i 've had with Nero will tell Nero about it as well . The main and preliminary problem with Nero is that they provide virtually no support for their product . E-mails to support which are clearly and politely written and which include important questions about using Nero 's product go unanswered . On the rare occasions when i have been able to elicit a response from Nero , this response was inadequate . For example , the support technician was answering the wrong question , and insisting that the software did not respond the way that it was in fact responding . I had to hire an outside computer repair person -LRB- expensive -RRB- to come over and he managed to burn some files , so that i know that the product does work.In fact , Nero probably works just fine for those who know quite a bit about cd writing already , but if you do not , do n't expect Nero to answer any questions that may come up about the use of their products . I understand that lack of adequate support may be a problem with other cd writing software as well , so if anyone can recommend a cd writing software provider that actually gives support , i 'm sure i 'm not the only one who 'd like to hear about it .
 I 've used Adaptec Easy CD Creator for 3 years , and loved it . Then I got a new CDRW w / Nero bundled . HORRIBLE ! I spent several days just trying to get it to work . I am quite computer savvy -LRB- have used PCs and Macs for 10 years -RRB- . Talk about counter-intuitive , lack of information , useless `` Help '' section , bad , bad , bad user interface . These guys should buy a clue . I do n't have 6 months to try to figure out how this software is supposed to work . Why do n't they test it for user experience ??? The bad experiences never stop with this piece of junk
 I was looking for a program to transfer my old LPS to CDS . The program seems to be rich in features and short on execution . I was able to capture the music into a file using the Wave Editor program . However , when I tried to write the file to a CD the burning program could not read the file .
 I downloaded the version 5.5 demo from the Ahead web site and installed it on my Window 2000 machine . Installation went fine , but when my system re-booted , I got a KMODE mode error and could not complete booting without entering safe mode or debug mode.I looked at the Ahead website for information about the error . Their help files mentioned that this error could occur but was worded as if even they were not sure what the problem was.I recommend anyone who is thinking about installing this on a Win2000 machine to first download the demo and see if it will install correctly . Be sure to backup your registry before you install or you will continue to receive the error even after you uninstall the program.If you do n't back up the registry , at least install it early in the morning . If the program fails , uninstall using Add/Remove Programs , then do a search for all files created for the current day and delete those files . This is what I had to do to get my computer working normally again.Good Luck .
 I am a software tech. , and have been known to chase the `` high tech '' rainbow.Nero 5.5 was not good , with XP ! I tried several CD/DVD writing programs , and have finally had good luck with Nero 6.6 OEM -LRB- see my Nero 6 review , on proper install ... -RRB- .
 backup process for 4gigs of data was stopped after the 12th cd used . The program does not tell you how many cd 's are required for a backup process . After the 12th cd I became very frustrated not knowing how close I was to the end . Even so , 12 cd 's is rediculous and a waste of money . if your looking for a back up software , DO N'T BUY THIS ONE !
 I WAS LOOKING FOR A GOOD BURNING SOFTWARE TO MAKE VCD , THEN I FIND THE NERO 5.5 VERSION I THINK THAT IT 'S WORKSO.K . BUT SURPRICE ... THE PROGRAM DID NOT WORKI SPENT MOUNTS AND I CAN NOT MAKE A SIMPLE VCD , I HAVE A COMPUTER WITH DVD WRITING ROOM , BUT I TRIED TOMAKE VCD BECOUSE THE COST OF THE DVD DISCS -LRB- TO EXPENSIBLE -RRB- THE SOFTWARE IS HORRIBLE , CONFUSIN , HARD TO UNDERSTAND , NOBODY OUT THERE WHO CAN GUIDE ME , I NEVER UNDESTAND WHYTHIS COMPANIS MAKE THINGS THAT CAN NOT BEEN USED . DO N'T BUY IT
 Nerovison Express ... ! It should be 0 stars . The only reason I have this usless program is because it came with my CenDyne Internal DVD Recorder DVD-R/RW Drive . First , there was no manual . Then , when you do the DVD burning wizard there is no section for volume or sound . The burned DVDs have no sound ! The help menu has no information on this kind of problem . Also , the question mark links you to Nerovison 's web page where there is no help information , no help links , no help web addresses , no technical support ! This is not a good program for beginners . I have no problem burning CDs but I do n't use any Nero programs do so .
 All I wanted was a burner to occasionally backup my hard drive and various data -- I did n't care about burning music or photos . The computer store salesman was enthusiastic about Nero5 Burning ROM and , since I had never burned anything except matches , I took his advice.Bad advice . Bad purchase . Non-existent support.First of all , the boxed software comes with a blue , 4.5-inch diameter , plastic disk-like device . I have no idea what the disk is used for and I can find no mention of the device in the software 's on-line manual . So far it 's just an ugly paperweight.Secondly , when I ran a speed test , I was told the highest speed at which I could burn was 4x on my new Sony -LRB- CRX185E1 -RRB- 32x/10x/40x burner . So , assuming the problem was the CD , I purchased 10 new CD-R/RW disks that write from 1x to 24x . No difference.Thirdly , Nero informed me I would need 59 , 650mb disks to backup the 2-gigs of my 40-gig hard drive that are in use . The remaining 38-gigs are free , but apparently one must backup even the unused space . I think.Anyway , I have now sent four emails to Ahead tech support asking about the above three problems . After the second email I received a curt and short reply in which the company disavowed any responsibility for the slow write speed , saying the problem rests in the brands of CD-R/RW disks -LRB- Sony and Memorex -RRB- that I am using and that Nero is perfect . I 've received no other replies and I am still without explanation as to the purpose of that strange , blue plastic device.My advice
 Nero has the potential of being the best , most user friendly burning software around . I 've used a dozen applications over the past 3 or 4 years and Nero has the potential to be the best . Where Nero falls down is support . If everything works for you ... great ! If you happen to have a legitimate problem , one that fall out side of the FAQ , and self-help section of Nero.com , you 're out of luck . There is no forum to get your issue resolved . Not only have you bought a product you ca n't use but you 've spent hours trying to solve a common problem . If you are a basic user just getting digital files this may be the product for you . If you are a power user who may have files on servers , long directory paths to files you want to copy or backup you may want to stay away .
 I bought Nero when Adaptec 's CD Creator required you pay the full price for the XP version of the program , when I already had the Windows 98 version . Also , the reviews here on Amazon were quite negative on CD Creator , which still appeard to have a lot of problems running under XP . One support person I talked to said he 'd tried downloading the latest drivers from the Roxio website , who owns the program now , and they did n't work either.CD Creator works fine under Windows 98 , but the problem is I use XP now and to burn a CD requires that I maintain a double - boot configuration and boot back into 98 to write a CD . This is a little inconvenient , so I was hoping to get something that would work with XP . Two support techs said they use Nero and it 's worked for them , which CD Creator did n't . I bought Nero , but unfortunately it does n't work very well , either , at least on my system , and it 's a 2 1/2 year old HP Pavilion that is pretty typical , with nothing special in the way of hardware or software . I tried burning 3 CDs right off the bat , and it locked up in the middle of two of the three . The only one that worked was a much smaller credit-card CD that burned okay , and they only hold about 50 megs . The two other CD 's were the larger ones and were for several hundred megs , and it never got to the end.Nero also seems much more sensitive to potential read/write problems . Both of the CD sessions that hung in the middle had a dialog box pop up just before they hung , saying that a read from the disk had encountered a problem , and did I want to continue ? I said yes , and it went on , then a minute later the program hung , so it probably was n't related to the bad read . But when I tried to burn the same information with CD Creator under Windows 98 , it never complains about any read problem from the hard disk . In any case , you do n't want the entire session to get screwed up because of one bad file ; it should just skip that and continue on . Also , Nero did n't say which file was affected , only that there was a problem . In that case it might as well ignore it and just continue anyway.I also have n't tried the Nero packet-writing feature , which allows you to just drag and drop files onto the CD without firing up the entire Nero program and going through the usual file selection and burn session process . Maybe that would be more successful , but I found this to have problems occasionally with CD Creator under 98 so I 've never tried it.Nero 's interface is simpler than CD Creator 's , but I like the latter 's more detailed interface and the greater amount of information displayed , and it allows you somewhat greater control over the different options . Many people might not care about this , and I would n't either if Nero actually worked well under XP for me , which it does n't . So unfortuately I have to give the thumbs down to Nero although I had high hopes for it . For now I 'm continuing to boot back into Windows 98 and hope that soon there will be a fix for either Nero or CD Creator that will work with XP .
 This is a great program , well designed -- but hope you never have problems . I downloaded the demo for 5.5.7.2 and it worked great for me . I loved it -- so much so I bought it . And downloaded the latest version 5.5.8.0 . Suddenly , the program claims my blank DVD-R disks are n't blank . It simply wo n't record on DVD-R -LRB- CD-R worked just fine -RRB- . Ahead offers NO phone support , so you 're left with their online troubleshooting guides . Good luck . Lots of info -- little solutions . Their online form for support threw script errors -LRB- it seems to be working now -RRB- and a week later , NO ONE has ever returned an email . IF YOU LIKE WORKING WITHOUT A NET THIS IS THE PROGRAM FOR YOU . IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A WARM FUZZY FEELING THAT THE PEOPLE WHO SOLD YOU THIS PROGRAM WILL BE THERE TO SUPPORT YOU , LOOK ELSEWHERE .
 I waited for Nero5 .5 to be released , downloaded the demo today , stalled it , and then downloaded the `` NEW '' BOOTMENU addon , which supposedly creates a simple bootmenu to allow choosing NERO or some other already installed burning software -LRB- e.g. EZ C-D Creator in my case -RRB- at boot time , so as to prevent conflicts over control of the CD writing hardware.NERO5 .5 seemed to install just fine -LRB- I have a DELL B533r , with 129 RDRAM , and Sony CD-RW installed -RRB- . but then ... . I decided to install the BOOTMENU.exe provided at their site . I did so , encountered the `` not enough environment memory '' error , which is normal , not a problem , increased the memory allotment to the UPDATE.BAT as instructed in the readme , and finished the install of BOOTMENU.I rebooted.The boot menu did come up OK . I selected option `` 2 '' -LRB- OTHER -RRB- , instead of `` 1 '' -LRB- NERO -RRB- , and pressed enter.The usual Windows wavy clouds screen came up as Windows proceeded to try to load . It could n't . The drive light stayed on -LRB- flashing quickly -RRB- , and a sound from the drive I 've neve heard before began and the Window wavy clous screen just stayed there forever
 I ORDERED THE NERO SOFTWARE , BUT IT CAME ONLY IN A WHITE SLEEVE WITH NO INTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO USE IT .
 I bought this in an OEM version without any warning . After I 've installed , the program do not work with my Sony IEEE1394 firewire drive . The message was that this OEM version is not embeded in your CD !
 Beware
 I needed the facility of Nero to burn ISO images to CD so I purchased it figuring I could use it to replace my older Musicmatch Jukebox software . The box actually leads you to believe it will burn MP3 's but do n't be fooled . I stll use Musicmatch every day and use Nero maybe once a month for the ISO stuff . I feel ripped off .
 I have been using nero for 2years and it decided to stop working when I use VCD . The Tech support is not good . The Problem i had was encoding video stop at 63 % . I also decided to go with Roxio .
 Could not even figure out how to burn a music CD . Have actually uninstalled the thing . Have used Roxio and this just does not compare ...
 FOR remapping all my drives to different letters , minus 1 starFOR not doing what it says on the box , e.g. will not burn VCD or SVCD , minus 1 starFOR crashing every time `` cancel '' is pressed , minus 1 starFOR not answering emails to the `` support '' team , minus 1star . I should have known better after visiting the web site , its a mess . A mass of fixes and patches that says it all
 Well sir/madam sorry to let you know that yuh product refuses to work in my computer an i was wondering if you could trouble shoot it or if you would replace it . It says it ` s copiny an then when you check the cd there ` s nothing on it . So could you please let me know as soon as possible ok . Well actually it was woking an there used to be missing parts of the cd when it was copied as if the cd was skipping . Thank You for your time
 I purchased this software because the clerk at the store told me I could edit songs , which is what I need to do . I opened the instructions , before opening the software to read the instructions on editing . There is no reference to editing a song that I have ripped in the manual , that I can see.I have written to support from the website , but have not had a reply . Before I open the disc and destroy my changes of returning the software , I need to know if it can accomplish the task that I purchased it for.My review is ... The manual and the support for this software are lacking .
 necesito la informacion de software para trabajar mas a gusto con mi pc
 I used a previous version of Uninstaller with a great deal of success , but when I upgraded to Windows XP I found that , among the software no longer compatible with this OS , I also had to purchase a new version of Uninstaller if I wished to keep my hard drive clean of all the gunk that builds up over time.Uninstaller 6.5 is nothing like its predecessor , cumbersome , poorly laid out , absent controls that gave one confidence in using the product.And tech support ? Please . It 's just another oxymoron so typical of so many applications and computer-related companies.I recently found that , when running its QuickClean Lite feature , the application continued to find a certain number of registry entries that it claimed were safe to remove . But when attempting to remove these entries , nothing happened , no savings in space , no removal , as the same number of registry entries remain when scanning again . Tech Support admitted to `` issues '' that need to be addressed , but said this may be a new one.The latest glitch I 've uncovered is that this app just shuts itself off when attempting a scan before cleaning.Tech Support 's suggestion ? First , the tech just stopped responding in the online support chat , apparently overwhelmed . The next tech said I should remove Netscape 7 and , when that of course did not work , that I remove Netscape 6 from my computer . Do n't laugh . I was n't when these were the responses I received.Try and remove the product from your computer when it 's installed
 I received the Uni 6.5 as a gift . I had previously owned the Uni 4.x -LRB- bought when Cybermedia still owned and supported it -RRB- . The Uni 6.5 contains functions/programs that other programs -LRB- OS 's , word processors , and even freeware -RRB- now perform . What I want the Uninstaller for is to move programs while maintaining their association with their other files , and to be able to see what other files use or are used by a certain file . Both of these features were present on the 4.x series . The latter feature is not present on the updated v6 .5 . Despite what the manual on the 6.5 CD states , and despite what the hardcopy manual states , the file association feature is not present on Uninstaller 6.5 . The file association feature is now available on another NAI product ; one that needs to be purchased in addition to Uni 6.5 . This other product , again , has features that other programs provide as part of their cost . I have been dissapointed by Uni 6.5 .
 I bought Endnotes not realizing that as a student I could have gotten the product for 1/3 of what I paid for it . I had no way of knowing from the advertisement . It is a very expensive piece of software ! It is also difficult to use without an inservice , so it has not been used much by me . I am waiting to meet with an instructor for instruction . This is disappointing . I ca n't give it a higher rating until I learn to use it .
 First off the search function is junk , best to search the folders with Windows search -LRB- lot faster -RRB- . Two , you need to send $ 7 more ! -LRB- not $ 5 like the paphlet inside says -RRB- for the book -LRB- which does n't even show the fonts -LSB- one big reason I got it -RSB- -RRB- . The vectors are good , the main reason I got the program . The photos and backgrounds are horrible , when do you need a 640x480 background these days ? I thought they may be AT LEAST 1000x800 or so , ca n't use ANY of them . Carefully read the rebate too , it stated $ 30 back , but I only got $ 20 back because I did n't have any other NOVA software.Bottom line
 I received this in December 2004 . E-mailed in for help in early January , got a call back & returned disc # 1 -LRB- my expense -RRB- . Feb e-mail no respone . Mar e-mail no respone . Apr toll call claimed it 's on back order . May e-mail no response . Jun toll call still on back order . Sept call it was sent in Aug ? Requests for a tracking number say we ca n't do that . Ask to talk to a supervisor ? ... Yes of course ... here 's the voice mail ... What a joke!Too bad I ca n't give it a zero ...
 I have FOUR computers -LRB- I 'm a programmer -RRB- , and I could not get these CD 's to work on any of them . The browser software included just hung for several minutes until returning an error . I could n't even just browse the files on the cds -LRB- I tried several cds -RRB- . There 's something wrong with the way they are recorded . I even tried on my dvd reader . Just pop any cd in the computer and the whole machine freezes . Again , it is n't just one computer , same story on Windows 2000 and XP . Completely unusable .
 I purchased this for my web design project since my client requested clipart , cartoons and stock photos for her web site . I have to say that besides a few usable standard Paint clipart pictures for amateur websites , most of this artwork and photos are completely outdated and useless in today 's Internet web design . Some of them made me smile like awww that is so old , cute and so hippy rad . . and some of them made me laugh out loud . Pictures of people with huge wired car phones , floppy disks and manual typewriters from the 70 's are in the `` technology '' or `` science '' sections . Big coke bottle eyeglasses , big hair from 70 's and 80 's . `` High res '' photos are 70-80K and around 250 dpi , blurry and they look like they 're taken with a point and shoot pocket Kodak film camera . People 's feet on photos cut off , parts of items cut off like guitar necks , photos obviously not taken by a photographer , rather someone 's personal album photos and sold somewhere at some garage sale . There are some very low quality NASA pictures there , I 'm wondering how it is possible to call those photos `` royalty free '' without NASA properly credited there.I am not sure why this company sells something that is so obviously out-out-outdated and unprofessional . To make money off of customers that will never come back ? Well , that is one way to make money ... It 's a shame . Please do not buy this product , I can send you my copy for free . Junk .
 This product has a lot of images . If you have a LOT of time to go thru them , it may be useful . There is NO , repeat , NO , searchablitiy by keyword . None . If you are looking for something that might have to do with say money , you get the book , look in the brief index - which does not cover the photographs at all by the way - and then go look on the various -LRB- and few -RRB- pages listed by each word in the index . Then you need to determine which disk that the image might be on.If you want to find a photo , prepare to sit down and start going thru the cds . The book , which they tout as a great way to see previews of the images , includes only has a sample photo from each of the `` categories '' of photos - so you are NOT getting a thumbnail of all the photos in the book.For someone who wants to quickly look up a keyword and see what images they might have to offer - this is worse than worthless because you know that on the 34 disks , there 's probably something there you could use , but there 's no way a normal person who probably has some time demands is going to sit and play around putting in disk after disk and browsing . So you are frustrated knowing there 's probably something for you , but you just do n't have the time to mess around looking.If you need a photo of say , a senior citizen , and you have unlimited time , you 're probably just as well off taking one yourself.It would n't be that difficult for these folks to put together some kind of a search utility that might actually render the product useful . Perhaps an image gallery online . Hopefully they will put it together and stop wasting our money and time .
 Purchased Nova 800,000 Clip Art and was very disappointed in the quality of the clip art and extremely labor intensive navigation system . After working with the software for about an hour I was ready to Explode ! If you have nothing but time on your hands then you may enjoy the program . Just not user friendly!Thank you Amazon.com for the excellent customer service and speedy refund !
 My IT person bought this and I can only think he must have been impressed by the huge AMOUNT of clip art . Most of it is useless , what we used to call `` nephew art , '' as in `` My nephew is only 12 , but you should see him draw . '' There are good pieces , many of which decorate the box , but I have found the collection overall fairly useless . It 's clumsy to navigate , as are other clip art collections , but my main complaint is just the poor quality of the clips . As an example , out of over 90 leprechauns , there was n't a single one of even a low level of professional quality . It 's easier to draw something myself . Even the smallest of church and company newsletters would do better to explore other options
 I returned this product after reviewing the book to see how the program works . I have Print Artist and it 's so much easier to use than Art Explosion . When I 'm looking for a particular picture in Print Artist , I type a word and it gives me numerous pictures to choose from . From what I read about Art Explosion , you have to look up the picture in a book and then find the right CD .
 There is a lot of art work in this collection . Clip art by its very nature is very hit and miss . This collection is more miss than hit I am afraid . I had high hopes of this collection . One of the hopes was that was that this collection would have some great clip art on it . It has some good stuff , but it is hard to find . The second hope I had was that the catalog for the collection would be reasonably priced . It was not . The catalog was free , but the shipping to Japan where I am cost me $ 59.00 . I called them to explore other shipping options or if there was something that was bundled with the software , because Amazon does not charge me sixty dollars to get a book . No dice . No other shipping options . I took the hit . The art collection is pretty difficult to use without the catalog . The catalog was promised to me in 3-7 business days . It took over ten . If you charge me for express mail make sure it gets here express , not just regular mail . Regular mail would n't cost me that much . Finally the catalog pictures are about one-half inch to one inch in size . That gives me a rough estimate of what the image is going to look like , but I need a magnifying glass to see the details . Also the catalog is in black in white . I have used about ten pieces of clip art out of the collection and a few have been good . The rest did n't come out very well . Also the handy file format that they promise for the vectors , WMF , is pretty easy to open and use , but the previews in Adobe InDesign which I primarily use do not show up for WMF . I would return this product in a second if I could get my money back out of it . My hope is that you will not make the same mistake that I did with this product .
 There is a tremendous variety of clip-art and photos , but if you 're focused on photos for use in a modern context , you 'll be disappointed.The photos seem very dated - maybe 10-20 years old , so not very usable for modern web work , also their Hi-res is low res.Eoghan Odinsson , Award Winning Author of `` Northern Lore
 I bought this product because of the reviews of other users . I needed medical clip art for a medical new letter and there is NO medical clip art on any of these CD 's ! The clip art that I have reviewed on other subjects is of the poorest quality I have ever seen . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I purchased an item directly from Nova only to find that they charged my credit card a higher amount than I had agreed to when confirming the sale at checkout . The charge they billed my card for was higher than the confirmation email they sent to me following the sale.When I complained about it to Nova , they admitted that their pricing engine had made a mistake , but insisted that there was nothing wrong with them unilaterally charging a higher amount than I had agreed to because the higher price `` was the correct amount . '' The only remedy they offered was to allow me to return the item AT MY EXPENSE and then they would refund the charges minus the original shipping charge.I will never buy another NOVA product , nor will anybody in my household.Deceptive and irresponsible business practices may yield short term gains , but they have long-term consequences.My recommendation
 Outdated Horrendous software . No search function . Terrible interface . Images so so . You have 50 hours in a day ? Then go for it .
 GAG ! What a mistake this was!No searchability , at all . Does not ship with 1800-page artwork catalog , which is sold and shipped separately . Does not ship with Image Guide or Index card that was shipped with older versions . That means you are forced to spend tons of time searching , like using Google Images but sloooowwwwer ... for the image you want . Need a construction graphic like I did ? Hunt and find it , while wasting tons of time for images to load from the DVD . Designers take note ... creating your own graphic in Illustrator is probably faster than finding what you want with this.Bottom line
 I had contacted Nova about one of their older products -LRB- still in circulation and the cost was $ 30 + -RRB- . The product would not load on my system -LRB- Windows XP so nothing weird -RRB- and they would n't even look at the issue . They just hyped their newest product and told me to buy that . Given that track record I would not suggest buying a product from Nova .
 They sell you a clipart-collection for over $ 80 , -- and than they ask for another $ 5 , -- for the printed catalog . That must be a joke guys !
 Talk about junk ! No search capability , mislabeled cds , some cds wo n't run - in short , YUK !
 Just too many images here and impossible to search ; I bought one for projects for my kids in my class and I found I spent most of my time teaching them how to search for images . Then , they got very good at finding the inappropriate clip art which is abundant in this collection . Half clad women , people smoking or pictures of hypodermic needles , gang graffiti . You name it , it 's there . I would suggest this collection be used by adults only !
 800,000 images without keywords - the only useful parts of this collection are the classic and traditional . tif 's that you can take into illustrator and turn into vector . The high res images are n't , the clipart is less than microsoft office online quality and I 've gotten far more use out of a 50,000 image collection b/c they took the time to keyword and catagorize the collection.If you like to look thru a book and put in one of the 32 disks and then find the image - then this collection is for you . If you want to have any sort of search capabilites , look elsewhere .
 The clip art is not the quality I expected . It is really a big stepdown when I compare it to the individual graphics for sale on the Internet . I 'm sorry I made this purchase .
 This comes with a huge number of images , but quantity is n't everything . Most of the images are of poor quality and low resolution -LSB- low dpi -RSB- . They are pretty much useless .
 I bought this in hope of turning some clip art into paintings for creating canvas , block and tile art without concern for copyright . It was not easy to find specific images such as rooster , grapes etc. . Many items were labeled as picture 1 , picture 2 , so it would not bring up a rooster in the search even though there might have been one . For me I was more interested in clip art as vector , old time images and/or art . These discs contain mostly photographs and real life images . I had ClickArt 250,000 from 2001 and found that more useful to me than this . I can see if you are using it for advertising or if you are a graphic artist but for the everyday , unknown , artist I expected more .
 If you have AOL and are thinking about purchasing a firewall , I strongly advise against it until McAfee improves its product so it will work with AOL.When I first attempted to install the product , I was unable to connect to the internet , but was able to connect to AOL . Using a backup computer , I chatted with a tech via live chat . The tech pointed me to the article on the McAfee website on `` How to Configure McAfee Firewall 3 for AOL '' . After much effort , I finally was able to connect to the internet . However , I was still getting messages indicating that something was not right . I used the software , problems and all , for awhile and then decided to try to fix the problem . I uninstalled the firewall and then reinstalled it once again trying very carefully to follow the directions provided by McAfee . After I did this , I was unable to connect to the internet , but still able to connect to AOL . I decided to `` junk '' the software and uninstalled the firewall . However , after uninsntalling the firewall this time , I still could not connect to the internet . Once again I contacted McAfee via live chat -LRB- using backup computer -RRB- and was provided with instructions to manually uninstall the firewall . I was informed that there was probably some files left on the computer that related to the firewall , and told that the manual uninstall should take care of the problem . The directions assumed you still had the firewall installed . I asked the tech if that meant I should reinstall it . He said no and to just start where you edit the registry . After following all these instructions to edit the registry , I found that only one file folder relating to the firewall remained in the registry . After deleting it and rebooting , I still was unable to connect to the internet.At this point I am totally disgusted with the product . Now I ca n't even connect to the internet with my good computer and I 'm still trying to figure out how to correct the problem.So , if you have AOL and are thinking about purchasing the Firewall 3.0 , please take heed and do so at your own risk . I hope this article will prevent others from suffering like I have over the installation of something that should have been `` a piece of cake '' !
 This product , which was bundled with Mcafee Virus Scan Pro -LRB- I have no problems with the virus scan software -RRB- does not work with AOL on my machine running Windows ME.There is a FAQ about this issue in Mcafee 's web site , but the instructions in the answer to the FAQ do not correspond with what is actually going on with the computer , hence the information is useless.I chatted with 4 different techs about this problem . Mcaffee apparently does not give you an e-mail support option . Though it says there is one in the web site , you will not be able to find it . Your only other option is a ridiculous $ 2.95 per minute phone support option.Anyhow , I described my problem , and all of the unsucessful fixes , to 4 different techs . I already tried all of their suggestions -LRB- the obvious updates , patches , configurations , etc -RRB- but nothing works.To make matters worse , when chatting with the techs , you dont have the option to highlight the text , or print it or save it . Consequently I had to go through ALL of the details to ALL of the techs , EACH time I contacted them . The last 2 techs I spoke with said they would e-mail me a copy of the transactions but they did not.This has been yet another example of how the computer industry has declined in recent years . You try to be an honest person by purchasing software instead of copying it from someone else . You install the product , the product DOES NOT WORK , and you get NO help from the manufacturer.I 've no choice now but to give up on this product and try another brand .
 This firewall caused a lot of troubles to my internet connection . For example , it blocked the renewal of the IP lease from the DHCP server providing regular connection interruiptions . Also its GUI was permanently failing and required complete reinstallation.I can not recommend to anybody the purchase of this product .
 After installing this I had problems logging on to my DSL provider . It was buggy from the start - I uninstalled this and very disappointed that I wasted my money on this . I couldnt return it so I am stuck with it ! : -LRB-
 Absolutely the worst piece of software I have ever owned ... Caused constant system instability , and even the uninstall caused problems ... and forget about support from mcafee , you 're not going to get it ... . save your money and allow all the hackers in the world in , because they are not going to be as damaging as this piece of software .
 Waste Software I have ever owned . Caused constant system instability . Can not even use my internet connection while this software is installed .
 I 'm sure this would be a good product if it was compatible with Internet Connection Sharing -LRB- ICS -RRB- . Unfortunately , this product does n't work on the gateway computer with ICS enabled . Only purchase if you do n't have a home network .
 Suffice it to say , if you are really into using databases effectively , puchase ThinkDB or HanDbase and a memory upgrade . You will be miles ahead of this overpriced , exceptionally poorly designed database . The biggest detriment is that tables can ONLY be designed on the desktop and then downloaded -LRB- hotsync 'd -RRB- to the PDA . You can NOT design on the fly .
 I just purchased Virus Scan Professional 6.0 for my home computer . After installing a new hard drive , I needed to get some virus protection . Things initially SEEMED to be going well , but after running the installation and the first virus scan , my computer will not reboot . I just get frozen on the Windows screen . So far , the McAfee support has seemed pretty worthless as well . Needless to say , I am not a happy camper . I may check back in when things look up ... but beware ! -LRB- FYI , I tried to install on a PII 266 running 98SE -RRB- .
 i just got the 6.0 pro.after about four frustrating hours , i gave up.i 've installed many programs and never had this much trouble . -LRB- ... -RRB- . will not reboot on win98.do not waste your time like i did.i 've since installed pc-cillin 2000 and no more problems .
 A previous version of VirusScan came pre-loaded when I bought my PC . I thought it was time to upgrade to the latest version . After installing VS 6.0 Pro , all I got was repeated error messages about failure to locate needed DLLs . McAfee has 3 tech support options . Their Chat option locked up my PC . It took over 10 days to get a reply from their `` Email Express '' . For a $ 2.95 / min phone call , I finally learned that it was necessary to completely remove previous version of VirusScan before this version would run . This is not stated anywhere in the literature supplied with the product . Even after this , the software caused my PC to hang at the Win 98 screen . Tech support says there is an easy `` work around '' for that problem . Instead , I cleaned all McAfee and NAI products from the PC and sent this product back for a refund . I would n't buy anything from McAfee or NAI again . Avoid this product like the plague !!! I have since loaded Norton AntiVirus and love it .
 I have owned McAfees virus protection for years , my employers have used it as the standard . Not with version 6 . I made the mistake of not heeding the reviews here , and recommended it to someone . I spent 3 days trying to get their computer working as a result -LRB- win98 Se -RRB- . At least I knew how to uninstall in this situation . Even with the 6.02 patch this locked up the computer.I could not believe it before and find it so hard to believe even now except for the pain it has put others through . Remember that pressing F8 when booting will allow you to boot in Safe Mode , so you can use the Control Panel Add/Remove programs for you will have to UNINSTALL this to use your computer . They should never have released this version . They should do a software recall on this version and gaurantee the next is working BEFORE they release it .
 When I had to install MS VPN for Verizon DSL , McAfee began deleting Windows DLLs on my Win 98 machine . I had to reinstall Win 98 and the PC has never been the same again . McAfee clashes with a lot of existing software components that the user may have . Be careful ... You have been warned !!!
 I purchased this since my employer used an earlier version . It does install somewhat easily however I did get errors installing the firewall portion and had to reinsert the disk several times in an effort to repair it.The firewall set in the filter mode allows me to connect to the Internet but will not allow me to connect to any sites . I followed the online help but this did not correct the problem.I could not get through the online chat help . I filled out all the windows but I kept getting the all fields required default . I refused to pay for help with their product.I will be returning this for the Norton product I have on my home PC which has never been a problem and zone alarm works as firewall perfectly fine on my home PC also.Avoid Avoid Avoid
 I purchased this product in order to use a particular major feature that was advertised as including capabilities not found in a major competitor 's product . When the feature did not work I used free tech support via chat and email and followed instructions they assured me would correct the problem . I received advice from approximately 8 different representatives with nearly the same number of solutions , including manual removal of prior McAfee installation from the registry , which took an hour . Detailed info was requested , but when I sent the email , it was returned to me as sent to the wrong address . After a week and about 5 hours of wasted time I contacted customer service and was given for `` free '' a telephone tech support contact that would ordinarily require payment . The tech support representative -LRB- reached after about 20 minutes on hold , and one cut off -RRB- said he had consulted with a developer who told him they knew that feature would not work . When I asked him why I was not told this by the other tech support reps , he told me the chat and email representatives are in India and South Africa and do n't have access to the same information ! He said I could probably tell by their names . I am returning the product for a refund .
 Despite three attempts at installing this product under W98SE -LRB- updated -RRB- on one machine , and once on another , including adding QuickClean online updates , this product failed to operate properly.A couple of hours on McAfee 's online chat tech support produced only repetitive instructions to keep reinstalling , then the techie cut off the session . Earlier he stated McAfee does not replace defective product.Additionally , there , are many key places where the sparse printed manual , and the online help do not agree with the runtime software.Thus , we can not suggest this program as useful for undoing application installations , or its other functions . Perhaps it does work if you can get a working installation disk , but do n't expect to get one from the manufacturer .
 Product is simply horrible . After 2 attempts to get it to work , I just gave up . Apparently , this product is still rather buggy and the folks in on-line help have no clue . To make matters worse , they do n't have telephone help unless you are willing to pay . Call me crazy but I think it 's the company responsibilties to provide personal support for free . On-line help does n't work well because you constantly have to reboot in order to see if the problem is resolved ... which terminates your connection to the help desk .
 I rather hoped for a bit more than these childish click art junk.very disappointed in the selection and the quality .
 I own Creatacard -LRB- CAC -RRB- Platinum 6 and received an offer to purchase CAC Platinum 7 w/ClickArt Celebrations & Holidays 2 . What a mistake ! CAC Platinum 7 requires you to download 8,000 of the 16,000 thumbnails and any of the larger images you select as you are working on a project . This increases your project tremendously . They should just include another CD with all the artwork . Then I installed the free software ClickArt Celebrations & Holidays 2 . The images are not even worth the free price tag and it causes all the versions of Creatacard programs to issue an error when you startup the program -LRB- tech note ID 31750 -RRB- . Even though you can click OK and continue with no loss of functionality in CAC , this problem should have been fixed long ago . Most of the images in ClickArt Celebrations & Holidays 2 look like 1st graders artwork . Save your -LSB- money -RSB- .
 No book is included in this edition . The 1997 original had much more artwork to choose from .
 I ca n't really comment on the type of artwork that 's here -LRB- although PC World said it 's a nice variety -RRB- , because it does n't work on my computer ! It is admittedly an older CD -LRB- which I got second hand -RRB- , but with my new laptop having Windows 7 , it says the CD is incompatible.Just thought I 'd warn anyone thinking about getting this !
 Sorry to report that I have n't been able to load the program into either the PC or Mac . Is there anything different I have to do ? There are no instructions at all with either disks . I 'm disapponted not to be able to use them.Angelica Mishoe
 I have never had a software program cause such problems :1 . -RRB- After installation leaving the CD-ROM in as instructed would cause the computer not to reboot . Upon removing the CD-ROM the computer would get stuck during McAfee 's bootscan causing me to have to modify the autoexec.bat in order to use my computer .2 . -RRB- Once I made those modifications I found by computer had been greatly slowed down and certain programs would crash every minute or so . These problems would go away once I shut down McAfee.Please do n't waste your money !!
 After installation , McAfee asked me if I wanted to download some updates . After downloading the update for VShield , it completely crashed and would not load again . I had to uninstall it , reinstall , and then choose not to update at all.Since I 'm not updating , there 's a little icon in the system tray that says `` update available '' - I tell it to Close so I do n't have to see it , and it just comes right back less than 30 seconds later . Kind of annoying.After installation I did a system scan which actually found a virus . After cleaning the file -LRB- explorer.exe , obviously very important -RRB- it became corrupted and I could n't get back into windows . Had to restore from a backup.I definately do not reccommend this product .
 I was really disappointed with this product . McAfee used to have such a great reputation for their products . . I do n't know what happened.VirusScan 6.0 is a terrible program . I have a very new PC and VirusScan eats up a lot of the resources and slows down my computer . It 's not worth the money .
 I have also used McAfee products for several years , but no more . I ordered version 6 when it came out with a full rebate . How could I go wrong ? Well , for one , I ordered on Sept. 28 and just this weekend -LRB- 11/25 -RRB- got my computer back up and running after a really bad crash . The virusscan apparently was continuously running in the BIOS and I was unable to stop it . I am very troubled by this turn of McAfee 's standards . I will begin searching for a new product immediately .
 With Pers/firewall I gave it a 4 starAfter installed , a lest once or more it pop up illegal operation `` rulaunch '' some times have to re-start systems.ILLEGAL OPERATION
 The only thing that 's good about this title is it 's pretty package . I got this via UPS today , installed on my Windows 2000 Pro , did n't work , give me an error log . Tried remove it and do it over again , would n't work either . Now it 's listed on ebay . Although I got the full rebate for it , I 'm still extremely unhappy about it . Definately a steaming pile ... DO NOT BUY IT !!
 ... Since installing it I see the files on the HD under program files , VShield and Guardian on the Systray but no other functionality whatsoever . NAI , what happened?I 've been using upto v4 religiously and decided to upgrade to v6 since the earlier one did not support Win2K.The install went OK though I was suspicious when after choosing Scan my Disk/Create Bootdisc option , nothing took place after the install.I went into Start - > Menu Virus Scan to check out the Inductive User Interface as described in the manual and ... nothing!On systray , Right click VShield - > Run ... nothing ! Right-click on an exe - > Scan for Viruses ... nothing!Uninstall / Reinstall and still nothing.I 've had the 24x7 support chat screen on my screen thru the cable modem for the duration of Gladiator and more and it 's still `` The next available agent will be with you in a moment . `` Ahhg!What a disapointment ...
 ... Maybe it 's because I 'm running on windows 98 SE , but this caused so many system hangs , registry problems and program freezes that I removed it and trashed it . My problems disappeared after the removal . Got a free copy of a competitors virus program with a memory upgrade and it works fine .
 My past experiences with McAfee anti-virus products have been positive , so I was completely surprised by the disaster known as `` VirusScan 6 . `` My first attempt to use it was with W2K Pro . While it installed correctly , the scan engine refused to update , despite repeated attempts and re-boots . It did , however , seem to catch all incoming infected e-mail . My second and third attempts were with a Win XP Pro system that had been functioning correctly prior to Virus Scan being installed.Once , it appeared to install , but all web browsing was disabled . The firewall software was not installed - which would be one of the first things I would check when a problem like that occurs . In addition , many of XP 's tools no longer functioned , or ran extremely slowly . After VirusScan was removed , the system worked perfectly again.In my final attempt , the installation failed completely . In the process , it made such a horrible mess of XP that even a system restore could n't repair the damage , and I , like many others it seems , resorted to formatting the hard drive and re-installing everything -LRB- except Virus Scan -RRB- . In ways , Virus Scan did as much damage as a virus would.McAfee products have been on my `` recommended '' list for several years , but after this disaster , I 'll certainly be telling people to avoid McAfee Virus Scan .
 Back in 1997 we used McAfee for a virus scan and loved it . After Norton Antivirus -LRB- with its bells and whistles -RRB- brought our computer to its knees we decided to buy McAfee again . What a huge mistake !! We could n't install due to the fact that we do n't have Microsoft Internet Explorer 4 . ? on our computer ... and nowhere on the box is that listed as a requirement . ... It boiled down to
 After I loaded this , I had a bunch of issues with my system . Several friends that have also purchased the product have reported the same types of problems . I have had previous versions of VirusScan so this one is a little disappointing .
 I have used mcafee for 5 years and loved it . bought new version 6.0 , had to be installed and removed twice . All the registry entries cleaned -LRB- instructions from chat support , a joke -RRB- . Now is installed on my XP system . shuts itself down constantly , On reboots , sometimes doesnt activate all the scan functions . Mcafee wo n't support it or fix it . Glad it was free after rebate . Norton has a $ 20.00 rebate if you send them your Mcafee virusscan disc . It 's going in the mail today as I install Norton 2002 . This software ... -LSB- is no good -RSB- and Network Associates is sticking it to users . They must be on their way out and this is a last ditch effort at market share .
 This software bites !! It crashed Windows 98 SE and I was unable to start-up . Only the fact that we have two PCs and I could access the Msoft site for help saved me . McAfee charges for live tech support even on day 1 ! Now they tell me -LRB- via chat -RRB- that the work-around is to edit my autoexec.bat file . Just what the average PC owner wants to do . ...
 Unfortunately I agree this is the worst version of Virusscan ever released and would strongly recommend against buying unless McAfee gets the serious bugs out . First of all it does not work very well with Win2000 , especially if you have the latest version -LRB- SP2 -RRB- . If you have a dual boot -LRB- Win98/Win2000 installation -RRB- forget it !!! -- it will not install correctly ! Installation is very rocky with very little in the way of diagnostic messages if there is a problem.However , the absolute killer is the total lack of technical support , which is very dangerous if you have a problem . The retail box appears to suggest there is technical support , but that is a total illusion . There is absolutely no free telephone support , even for installation issues . They want to charge $ 2.99 / minute -LRB- ! -RRB- with no free minutes , even if there is a program bug . If you try to call them , through customer service ; -LRB- a toll call -RRB- they are quite unpleasant and unhelpful.There is very limited website support , but they do not respond to emails and the website has almost no material on 6.0 . The chat line appears to go to some foreign country and except for very basic material is useless as well.This is a very disappointing program , almost a beta . It is totally inadequate for beginners , who if they have a problem , are completely on their own , but even experienced users are going to be upset if they have a problem , considering the very poor documentation provided with the product , with almost no troubleshooting or error message material.Until an improved bug free version is provided , new buyers should pass this product by . It is worse than most shareware or freeware products and a sad shadow of the much better McAfee products of earlier years .
 Disappointment , frustration , and cheated come to mind . If you 've ever bought a car/truck with a strong brand name but it turned out to be a lemon ... this would pretty much sum up this review of McAfee 's VirusScan version 6.0 . I 've used McAfee VirusScan for years with no problems from installation to operation . But I made the big mistake of purchasing , in my opinion , the worst VirusScan update on the market . Previous McAfee versions worked well , but not this one . It is obvious McAfee conducted very little , if any , quality testing . Installation went somewhat easy , however the product caused some major problems on my WIN98 system such as slowing the whole machine down and causing frequent crashes due to the flawed Instant Updater feature . The 4 calls to tech support proved more useless than the website.What happened here ?!? You would think McAfee was bought out and replaced with lazy developers and product testers . Regardless , the biggest loss here is not the product ... it 's the tarnished brand image of McAfee for endorsing its release . You should ask yourself why McAfee is offering such a tempting rebate . Most likely it 's because they now realize it 's not worth the CD it was distributed on . At the suggestion of other product reviews , I went ahead and purchased Norton 2002 . From installation to operation to website updates , it is exactly what I remember McAfee once was . In the end , I expected more from McAfee as a company . I believe you should too .
 Feb 26 2002 McAfee Internet Security 4 + includes VirusScan6 and Firewall . Its been a little `` rocky '' on my ME box with `` rulaunch '' problems and `` guarddog.exe '' sometimes freezes up when interacting with IE/Outlook/Explorer -LRB- File Mgr & Desktop -RRB- . I downloaded latest patches 4.02.1023.0 and this has helped . My brother has been trying to get McAfee working on his Win2K box and it has been VERY difficult , the worst of the problems seem to relate to the firewall software . Sometime it prevents PC from being shutdown/restarted -LRB- can only hit reset button -RRB- It appears the software wants RAS ? mgr/monitor ? to be installed -LRB- why ??? -RRB- also problem with NT security with one of the services . By installing latest updates , changing security for service -LRB- s -RRB- , updates to registry , manually downloading updates , some help from B Clinton -LRB- McAfee chat support -RRB- it seems to be working after a fashion . This product seems like ALPHA software on Win2000 SP2 and Network Associates s/b ashamed ... you may get it to work but its gon na be painnnnnnnnn full -LRB- I 've been in IT industry for 18 + years soooo I 've seen a few things ...
 I have never seen a software so poorly written . Even a newbie knows that you do n't release a product if it can crash somebody 's system . I regret the day when I bought this junk software.I installed it on my Windows XP Pro machine and everything went to hell . The tech support is nothing but a joke . And when I aksed for refund , I was tossed around for couple of days.I would not buy this producyt even for free.I had to reconfigure my Windows XP Pro machine . And on top of that , when you try to download the upgrade patches , they complaint that they are compatible with the version of OS . Ha ! There goes your claim of supporting Windows XP . I think MCafee should publicallt apologize to all the PC user cummunity and pledge that they will close down their company and never release a product.BAD BAD Software.Naveen
 Do n't even stop to look at McAfee . Most components are difficult to use and are unstable and slow at best . Some are unusable . My subscription to updates lasted only two months before they told me it was going to be another $ $ $ $ . Ouch !! Tech support is horrid , most issues require an `` escalation form '' that never arrives . Save yourself the pain . Most of the products are availible on freeware -LRB- and they are far superior than what you can buy from McAfee !! -RRB- With their attitudes , products and support , they surley are n't breaking any sales records . Buy or download something that will be around for a while .
 I have used two version sof McAfee and both were a waste of money . They dragged my machine down so heavily that it became effectively useless . The mouse movements actually mimicked action that was like a viral infection draining the CPU . I switched to OnTrack 's Fix-It v4 , and everything has run beautifully since .
 Do n't purchase this product unless you want to waste a couple of hours of your life . I spent 5 hours attempting to install the program the day I purchased it , and another 2 hours with the technincal support service the next day . After all that , all I had was 6 pages of downloaded instruction on how to UNINSTALL the product . Save yourself some time and money and look at other virus removal software .
 This purchase has been a disaster . I installed the software and did a couple of scans - all fine . A few days later the screen started shaking in a strange way - I thought I had a virus . So I scanned - nothing . I thought I 'd scan from DOS , so I created a Rescue Disk and booted from it . Unfortunately when booting from the Rescue Disk the C Drive was n't there . So I tried to contact customer support - big mistake - I should have thrown the software in the trash and uninstalled it . To actually talk to McAfee technical support you either pay a toll number - or a one-off fee of $ 39 . If you do n't want to do this -LRB- feeling , like I did , that you have already paid for the product and you should n't have to pay again to make it work -RRB- you can use the online chat service . This is predominantly automated - you know when you have a technician because the spelling and grammar suddenly goes off . McAfee technicians try to get rid of you as quickly as possible - their main objective is to send you a sheet of instructions for what they think is wrong . These instructions are very poorly written -LRB- for example , they advised me to download an archived file without pointing out that it would need to be extracted - something which for the not particularly computer literate would be a problem -RRB- . When the downloaded instructions did not work in my case I went back to the online chat and tried to resolve it . Three times I found that when I got to the point that they would need to actually communicate with me rather than just send me some printed instructions the connection went dead.I strongly recommend anyone who thinks they may have need of technical support not to purchase a McAfee product - this really is the worst customer service of any company ever .
 This software is not working with window 2000 -LRB- sp1 and sp2 -RRB- , I try it on three machines , none of them can start this program , I try to find the solution through Mcafee.com , unfortunately , there is no documents about this problem . So I through it into my Trach can at home
 The 6.0 McAfee Virsu Scan will not download says I need 4.0 - does that mean I have to order another CD ? I 'm bummed ! How do I get the rebate or should I just dispute my Visa ?
 I got this software recently . But it seems to have lots ofproblems about the install . Many of the execute files do n'thave any responses , including the help memu . I do n't know why.McAfee is a well-known company , it should check everyparts before releasing their products.I think I will use the Norton or Trend Anti-virus again.Hopefully , I can get the rebate . : -LRB-
 I have always used McAfee VS. When they no longer supported DATs for v4 .0.2 , I upgraded . And it took several days to sniff out and repair the damage . Online form entry and Internet mail response became 10-15 seconds per tab key stroke or mouse click . Sending yahoo mail , I hit send and the screen would lock , then 20 seconds later , it went . It took 15 seconds for the Outlook receive mail dialog to even open . It cleared my Outlook password . Outlook Express took 45 seconds to load . I could no longer use Word as my Outlook 2000 mail editor . It took me 5 minutes to fill out and send the online form to McAfee support about the problems , a total of only ten lines . Then , I had to do it twice because I did n't enter a company name , I 'm a single home user and it did n't specify that field was required . At Symantec/Norton , I found the answers in their KB . McAfee had corrupted my ProtectedStorageValue key and had deleted imagehlp.dll . In Tools/Internet Options/Content/Autocomplete , I cleared Forms and Passwords . I extracted the missing imagehlp.dll from the Windows 98 CD and exported/edited the registry key , reinstalling pstores.exe . It is n't worth the hassle . And when I downloaded the latest greatest McAfee VS upgrade , it came with DAT 's that were 15 builds older than what I had been using prior with my old VS 4.0.2 . Of course , the touted McAfee VS DAT autoupdate did n't work either . I bought Norton and am protected and trouble free ...
 I tried McAfee because it initially came installed on my computer , and when I got DSL I figured I needed protection . This product turned out not to be it . After upgrading to Windows XP problems started cropping up . For no apparent reason , my preferences , the programs I selected to access the internet all disappeared . The could n't be restored . I had to uninstall the firewall , reinstall it and then update it . And even that was n't always a solution or at least not a permanent one . The reviews I 've read of internet security always recommend Norton Internet Security . After having yet another problem with McAfee , I uninstalled the entire thing and got Norton , which was immediately configured to allow me to get online without any problems.My advice . Bypass McAfee . There are better systems out there
 Just after I bought this software , but before I installed it , I got hit with a virus . I had to reinstall windows . I next tried to install VirusScan to clean up what ever hit me . It would not install because I could not connect to the internet -LRB- my connection sofware was ruined too -RRB- . Apparently there is an installation step that needed an internet connection in order to proceed . So I could not remove the virus before I installed more software.I finally got internet access , but I still could not install Virusscan because I did not have the right internet browser . I use a different browser than what McAffee recommends . I went to help site , and tried using the Chat service , but it did not work , either , because I do not have the right internet browser.None of this propritary browser requirements is made clear in the software information .
 To avoid sharing the rant with you all , this product is so bad McAfee will have to pay people to take their version 7.x . They have crippled their image . This is what happens when you write code on the cheap ... offshore ... in India ... by trainees . The product is awful , the support for it is even worse .
 in a word it just SUCKS !!! installation was a pain . c-prompt boxes that just stay open without any instructions -LRB- when you close them installation continues . there were a bunch of errors so i wasnt really sure that it installed properly when it finally finished . didnt want to connect to the update website . there isnt even an uninstall when you do realize that it SUCKS !!! my solution was to uninstall using norton cleansweep 2001 and then i went out and bought norton systemworks 2002 . thank God that i used the rebate offer so i didnt end up wasting any real money on this trash . i am very disappointed in this latest mcafee effort . do yourself a favor , look for another antivirus solution . norton is good but the choice is up to you .
 I previously had Norton 2001 and Zone Alarm for a firewall . I was pleased that McAfee included a Firewall within this product as well . However , installation and usage has been a terrible experience . Here is what I did : I uninstalled Norton and Zone Alarm and rebooted my computer . I installed McAfee along with the Firewall . After it installs and searches for updates I selected them and proceeded . However after it is ready to install the patch , the readme told me to quit the updater before continuing . I did and several times I got an error while patching . The next time I ignored the readme and left it on . The patch worked fine . Right away I did n't like the interface . It probably is an improvement over previous McAfee products but it just is n't as clean and intuitive as Norton . I do n't like the TASK button at the bottom of the main page which guides you to several possible links of what you would like to do . How about making these options at the front like Norton -LRB- Scan , Update , Options , etc. -RRB- ? A clear options menu with checks would have been nice as well . I had to dig through a few levels to find what I needed . Plus you ca n't automatically shut off virus scan from the taskbar . This is not efficient when you want to uninstall or install new programs.And to make it worse , I would get some error messages and lockups with the firewall -LRB- Service stopped , would you like to start ? -RRB- . However , it shows that it is running . Then it keeps repeating the error when you try to do load the Firewall . When I got it working it does n't have intuitive menus or ease of use like Zone Labs either . Stick with Norton and Zone Alarm .
 There might be some on this review board that disagree with me , though I found this anti-virus program to be a memory drainer and dragged my system unlike Norton 's software . I thought I would try something different and was disappointed in the performance . The system scan and virus protection is great , but my computer did n't handle it very well and would get slowed down by the software trying to search for viruses in every movement . Unfortunately there is n't enough in this software package that allows you to really determine performance issues or which software you do n't want the anti-virus to worry about .
 They say free is a very good price - but only if you can use the product.I was able to get McAfee Virus Scan 6.0 free after rebates . I intended it to replace my memory-hogging Norton , but I was sorely disappointed . It worked sporadically , hogged just as much -LRB- if not more -RRB- memory than Norton , and refused to `` keep '' the settings after I changed them . My system became a bogged down mess ; after I removed Virus Scan and re-installed Norton , it worked fine .
 The firewall product included with VirusScan simply can NOT be made to work with Win98 and/or AOL . Expect installation errors and failure to connect to AOL . Once you get past that , it STILL wo n't work ! Customer support , what little there is , is useless . The antivirus product is OK , but you will not be happy with the firewall on a Win98 machine using AOL .
 Only trouble with it with Windows 98
 I have had this for four days and have been unable to get the uninstall part to work . There is NO phone support as they claim is available 24 hours a day . I have logged on at all hours of the day and night for help in trying to get this original version out so I can put the new version in -- never got a reply in HOURS of waiting . I got two emails telling me to use the 24 hour service . No help at all . I can pay $ -LRB- ... -RRB- a minute , but I have no guarantee that this will respond either . Now I am unable to install and feel that I am vulnerable while I wait for support which I surely will have to pay for elsewhere . Moral
 I had used Mcafee in the past and have had great results , this product has many problems and very poor support options . The online help takes forever and the technicians are not well educated . The phone support is even worse and its costs almost $ 3.00 a minute . I will not buy this product again and warn anybody who is thinking about using it . I would have returned it but missed the 30 day window . Time flies when you are having technical issues . The firewall is the worst of the lot constant error that keep you form even using it .
 I have consistently had horrible experiences with McAfee products , including VirusScan 6.0 . A few months ago , I downloaded a free test version of VirusScan 5.0 for my old PC . I then decided to pay for an full downloaded version . But , no matter what I did , it failed to recognize that I had paid and refused to work because my test version had expired . I canceled the order , got a refund , and tried a boxed version . Exactly the same problem . Worse yet , it refused to totally uninstall . I bought Ontrack System Suite , which works fine , and which was the only way I could find to eradicate every trace of McAfee files on my PC . -LRB- McAfee 's own uninstall function would n't totally uninstall it . -RRB- Now , I bought a new laptop with Windows XP . A burst of stupidity prompted me to give VirusScan another chance . So , I bought 6.0 specifically because it says on the box that it works with XP . But , after installation , I got an error message . Not only would it not run on XP , it froze my laptop for several MINUTES . I quickly uninstalled.The most aggravating part of all this is the HOURS -LRB- probably more like DAYS -RRB- I 've wasted trying to get McAfee 's software to work . To add insult to injury , the term `` McAfee tech support '' is an oxymoron . There is n't any . Their abysmal support is equaled only by their embarassingly bad products.Buy ANYTHING else !!! McAfee should be ashamed .
 After installing the VirusScan 6.0 download product on my PC , every action takes nearly twice as long . It seems like the real-time protection engine has some bugs ... . I 've actually gone so far as to re-install my system from scratch to try and resolve these issues . But the only fix seems to be to either not install the product in the first place , or to stop the `` On-Access Systems Scanner '' completely . To add insult to injury , NO TECHNICAL SUPPORT . Unless you do n't mind `` 900-number '' style pay-per-use access !
 We purchased this software and ultimately had to remove it from our computer - now we use Norton and have had no problems . Please do n't buy the McAfee software . What happened is that were sent an upgrade via e-mail and found out -LRB- only after we downloaded the upgrade -RRB- that it would screw up our computer because we operate on Windows XP . We tried to get help on their long distance line and after pushing all the right buttons to get to a live body , we were disconnected - 3 times . Looking on line did not help - and our only other option was to pay $ 35 for telephone support . Why bother .
 Believe me , after reading some of the reviews on this product , I am not surprised that I am not the only one using McAfee 's name in vain!First , ViruScan 6 will stop FreeCell and Solitaire from working . So I download the patch . The system runs fine for a few days , but it will not boot at all -LRB- locking on pass14 -RRB- !! Then , mcafeehelp.com has the gall to tell me that I have to pay for the privelege of calling them for help!Forget it ! This garbageware is not worth a nickel !
 I am in the same group that has struggled with this software . As someone else stated , the cure is worse than the disease . I purchased and downloaded the program which took forever , plus the download stopped a couple of times . After successfully downloading , and going through Scandisk and degragmentation , I successfully -LRB- it appeared at the time -RRB- successfully installed . Used the computer for a few hours , but after shutdown and rebooting the next day the computer crashed . Finally , found the offending line in the startup in Safemode , removed it , and got the computer going . However , it corrupted some of my other software and the computer -LRB- even importing the old register -RRB- is not where it was before . I have e-mailed the problem to McAfee , spent time on their web site , checked FAQs etc. -LRB- but have not talked to a live person -RRB- . No help . I have received several responses by e-mail from McAfee , NONE of which addressed or even seemed to understand my problem . I know I 'm `` challenged '' , a favorite word of their totally ineffective customer support . I have re-downloded the program but am afraid to reinstall . Instead , I am going to return the program and get my money back !
 McAfee has n't changed their software 's basic interface in years , and it shows . Relatively simple tasks are a chore to accomplish with McAfee VirusScan . It 's clunky , confusing , and the shield icon that sits in the taskbar is -LRB- ugly -RRB- . All looks aside though , it is a very competent scanner , albeit hard to use.I would recommend going with Norton AntiVirus 2002 . A clean interface and a fast scanning mechanism make that the hands-down winner over McAfee . This year .
 Installed and uninstalled 4 times , still ca n't get it to work correctly . I have used previous versions of McAfee Virus Scan , but this is the worst I have encountered.If you buy and install it , make sure you backup your files before attempting installation . Evan after removing the program , I had trouble with my PC .
 It ruined my system . I had to remove it and reformat my hard drive . It froze up my system and to get it back up , I had to unplug my tower , I was able to get my system up for a few seconds which was enough time for me to remove it . After removing it I had to reformat my hard drive and my system is up again . I lost all of my information . I am without an antivirus now since it removed the old one which I had . I would very likely have to order one from Norton . I 've had McAfee for four years and I 've had no problems , now I have . I am very dissapointed with this version . I was very satisfied with the previous version .
 I have been using Norton for years without much problem . I was told the McAfee was a better product so I started investigating . I talked to several that said it would do better than Norton . I purchased this product and have had nothing but trouble with it . In other words ... it -LSB- is n't good -RSB- .
 I could not believe McAfee release this product as a retrail version . I had so much problem to set it up . By the way , I could not find any help from their web site either . I guess this is 6.0 version . You guys definitely should wait for the v6 .1 .
 At the end of April 2004 I installed McAfee Virus Scan on two computers -LRB- XP Pro -RRB- at my business and had a terrible experience . Every time we got an email with a virus , a window would popup telling us that it had proudly caught a virus and that we really should scan the entire computer . Nowadays , at businesses in particular , we may get 20 or 30 or 40 emails a day with virus attachments . For each email , McAfee pops up , stopping the process of downloading and stopping you from working and scaring our personnel to death with the warning that the whole computer should be scanned . It 's like the police interrupting the news every time they catch a speeder and suggesting that everyone take a polygraph . Just do your job and get on with it . No need to stop everything and say the sky is falling . Needless to say , I got rid of it and use Norton Antivirus instead , which is happy to work in the background.Then , at the end of March 2005 , McAfee charged me 139.96 as part of their very tricky and not very clear auto-renewal process . A full month before it was set to expire . Like credit card payments take a month ? Why should they get your money a full month early ? They hide this notice in the EULA -LRB- End Users Licensce Agreement -RRB- that no other company uses in this way . They should be upfront and very clear about the fact that they will be keeping your credit card information on file for a year , and then a month before your lousy software is supposed to expire , they bomb your credit card and then send you an email to thank you for the opportunity to pick your pocket . So then you have to call them and spend a half hour on the phone to get your money back , and do n't forget to tell them to change your account to delete the part about auto renewal , and to remove your credit card info from their database.Norton Antivirus is a million times better and easier.Good luck in the frayJDH
 Installing this product on my Win 98 system caused it to crash . Spending 4 - 5 hours on the phone with support personnelldid n't help , it was so badly ruined . I had to do a quick restore and start over , loosing nearly everything on my computer .
 Hard to install , locks up the PC and then to top things off , tech support options are ineffective at best , non-existent at worst . I 've used previous versions of VirusScan for years with great satisfaction . My experience with VirusScan 6 has convinced me to avoid all McAfee products in the future . Get Norton AntiVirus instead - easy to install and works like a charm .
 Suspect that recent patches may have taken care of most of the stability problems . However , their tech support may be the most ineffect service of its kind that I 've ever dealt with . Spent 2 sessions of 30 minutes + / - with tech support trying to make the included firewall work within a home network . After third support specialist wanted to start at the beginning again , I decided I 'd had enough.Returned product and cancelled corporate subscription through firewall vendor .
 this is the worst antivirus software I ever used . I 'm using win2k . first I could n't customize my virusscan setting , and the McAfee asked me to reinstall . Then I ca n't uninstall the McAfee program , because the uninstall program refuse to work because of some error on program path . Then I went to McAfee website , which btw has the most limited information , and found out that I could only uninstall the program manually . It took me almost an hour to manually remove McAfee -LRB- there 're more thant 120 entries in the registry -RRB- . I 'll never use McAfee VirusScan again . Norton never gave me so many troubles .
 I 've used McAfee VirusScan for years and have n't had a problem . But when McAfee stopped supporting my version , I made the big mistake of buying this nightmare of an upgrade . The install was fine , but then it crashed and crashed some more . Then I said , `` I 'll just uninstall it and everything will be fine '' ... WRONG ! It would not uninstall ! I even tried a forced uninstall ... no luck ! I finally had to go through a grueling 80 step process to manually uninstall this software . Do yourself a favor and do not buy this !
 This product is very , very buggy in XP . While there may be fixes from McAfee , their own update program has bugs in XP . Check out Microsoft 's site for their own documentation on problems with McAfee . Do n't waste your time , even when the product comes for free with rebates !
 I have to give this product one star , because zero stars is not an option . I purchased McAfee 's latest virus-scanning software because I was stubborn
 We installed McAfee VirusScan on our computer and had nothing but problems . We have AOL DSL and we could n't get the Firewall portion to work at all with AOL . I had to disable it to even be able to log onto AOL . In addition , it took quite a while to set up and configure the virus scanning the way I wanted it , and at first it seemed like that portion of the product would be okay . But after going through all of that , and then trying to log onto AOL , each time we attempted to log on , we got a fatal error and the computer had to be shut down . Sometimes I could n't shut it down at all with the Control , Alt , Delete function and had to resort to just turning it off , which I did n't want to do.We finally just uninstalled the product , after which all glitches with logging on were gone . Everything worked fine , but of course , without any virus protection.And as far as customer service is concerned , you are sent to the website . Try doing that when you ca n't log on ! Then you do n't appear to be able to even send them an e-mail question . Everything is just hunting through their files to try to find the answer to your particular problem , which either is n't there at all or is not quite the same . If you want to speak to a rep , you pay so much per minute , at a minimum . I had just bought and registered my product , and now I had to pay to get service ! Save yourself some headaches and look elsewhere for your virus protection software . I 'm still looking
 Installed Ver 6 with Win98 . Worked OK for about a month , but veryslow . After attempting to improving speed , could not access Internet . McAfee offered no fixes that worked . I uninstalled theFirewall without trouble and after restart , I was able to accessInternet . Speed is much improved . Virus Scan appears to be working OK . Not sure I will update software with patches .
 It has been my experience with the latest version of McAfee on an XP machine that McAfee -LRB- NAI -RRB- did not spend enough time working out the bugs in the software prior to its release . I spent over a month chatting on-line and e-mailing tech support in many attempts to get the problems resolved . I have been a loyal McAfee customer for many years and have a business servicing customers and their computer/networking needs , and have always recommended McAfee for their anti-virus protection . With all that said , the latest release of McAfee has had so many bugs in it that I have lost count as to how many times I have had to contact McAfee for support . I did manage to establish a contact person 's name and e-mail address and sent her a lengthy letter describing my recent experiences . It has been over 2 months now since I sent the letter and she has assured me each time that it was on her desk waiting for the opportunity to give it to someone . Now McAfee has apparently decided that customer comments , suggestions , and needs are not a concern of theirs . I 'm not bashing them , I just wanted to relay the disappointment I have in what was a really good anti-virus software vendor . I would not recommend version 6 to anyone , especially if they are using a Windows XP machine .
 I bought this because of the success of an older version that I had . However this piece of garbage cause me continualy problems . I could n't even stay on line long enough to download any patches . Stay Away from this piece of junk .
 Downloaded McAfee VirusScan 6.0 after upgrading to Windows XP and previous version of McAfee no longer worked . The previous version could not be uninstalled by Control Panel and required contacting the vendor and spending over an hour editing the Registry . The newly downloaded Version 6.0 will not launch from the Start menu . There 's an upgrade to my download already , and I only performed the download 2 days ago . I 'm afraid to try it since the original download took over 2 hours.When the program is run by double clicking on the shield in the Task Bar , the scan took 2 hours and slowed my computer to a crawl . It 's time to return to Norton .
 Then you 'll LOVE this version of VirusScan because it 's going to consume hours of your time to de-bug this software . I once had the 4.0 product installed on my system , with which I was very satisfied . So when I had no choice but to upgrade to 6.0 , I assumed the process would be smooth and easy . Wow , was I in for a treat . This software was a MONUMENTAL pain in the you-know-what , with countless hours wasted to fix the multitude of bugs . Installation was a nightmare , interface is awful , system is slowed down and often freezes on shutdown , autoexec boot scan lock ups , deactivated scan settings after reboot , just to name a few . Had to apply multiple registry edits , fixes , and patches to this buggy software just to get it to work right . Customer service is HORRIBLE . If you want to speak with a real person on the phone , get ready to shell out an obscene amount of money PER MINUTE . Only free options are email and chat for which I had to wait 30 minutes to connect to a rep. Just when I thought I 've repaired all the damage , something else goes wrong . Now when I connect to the internet , I can not always browse web pages ... it just freezes up . Lovely . I 'm sure this will require yet another `` Fix '' that will consume yet more of my time . Man , I wish I had read these reviews prior to wasting my money on this . Would have saved me a lot of hassle . Please stay away , even if you can get it for free . I realize not all virus protection programs are perfect , but this one 's just plain ridiculous .
 It 's really simple . It will work for awhile , then it will cause your system to freeze at startup , meaning -LRB- on later versions of Windows -RRB- you 'll have to boot up in `` safe mode '' and uninstall it . Actually , it would n't even let me do that , so I did the bozo no-no of deleting the directory . Suffice it to say , as messy as my config files must be , my PC again boots up in normal Windows mode . Symantec , here I come !
 First let me say that I have been a loyal McAfee user and certified computer geek for years . I 'm running Windows 2000 , but from reading the other reviews it seems like the problems generalize to other versions as well . Stay away from this program at least until a stable release comes along.The confusing installation should have foreshadowed the problems I 'd face with this piece of -LSB- software -RSB- . There were multiple , and seemingly unrelated , requests for a system reboot . Different-looking windows that made you wonder if they were part of the same installation routine or not . I had to actually uninstall and reinstall because it would n't work the first time.It worked briefly after that , but then I started getting Rulaunch errors and it would n't run at all . I should have known this was the program 's way of telling me it was no good . Poor little program ; I should have listened ... Unfortunatley I downloaded the patches and the program started working again , like an old man who just wants to die , but is resuscitated back to life by cruel doctors.Ok , so now the program is working and seemingly protecting my computer with its firewalls and email scanners . The problem is that these guys are a little too sensitive . When I try to reply to an email , Hawk -LRB- the little email scanner that comes with it -RRB- tells me that I might be sending a virus because the email is similar to another one I 've sent . No , really ? Maybe because the subject lines are similar or because it has my signature file in it ? Who knows how it decides this . I have the option of sending it anyway , but then it 's not clear if outlook sends it , because the message stays open and does n't appear in my outbox for a while . Sometimes it does , but , again , who knows what 's going on there . So , disable Hawk , right ? I ca n't ; for some reason the settings do n't take . Maybe a system restart ? Nope . There 's Hawk again , protecting me from replying to emails.The `` firewall '' slowed down my machine and would send me to error web pages after my browser timed out . It 's a great firewall ; it protects me from everything on the internet!I finally uninstalled this piece of -LSB- software -RSB- . I figure any productivity I lose dealing with viruses ca n't be any worse than dealing with this piece of -LSB- software -RSB- . Frequent data backups and the occasional system reinstall would be preferable.Finally about the interface . Why does every company think they should be original and mess with the look and feel of their programs ? Learning how to use a new application should not force the user to learn a whole new user interface . Where is the file menu so I can shut down the program ? Where is the tools menu so I can disable the system tray icon or not have it run automatically when I boot ? These things are now called `` tasks . '' My design issues aside , I could live with the funky new XP 'd interface if the `` tasks '' I performed would actually stick -LRB- see above regarding disabling Hawk -RRB- Stay away from this piece of -LSB- software -RSB- . I 'm very disappointed in Network Associates . It looks like they 're taking a lesson from the Microsoft book and releasing buggy software and hoping to catch the bugs later . One problem , MS is a monopoly and NA is not . Maybe I 'll actually try Norton now after years of avoiding them like the plague . It ca n't possibly be worse than this .
 I purchased this software after trying unsuccessfully to download VirusScan Online SIX TIMES . The Mcafee website is so truly awful its scary - to login to their website you have to either delete all of your cookies , or reset your Internet security option in Internet Explorer . Totally unacceptable ! Their technical support chatroom staff are totally inexperienced call-center people who enter in pre-written statements that dont answer questions . After I typed in my entire problem , explaining that i could not login and activate my account , the rep responded `` Did you login and activate your account ? '' . Totally infuriating . Technical support for Mcafee products is ridiculous . If you want to speak to someone on the phone , its extremely ... if you try to get help through the website , you get no telephone numbers , only directions to use the useless chat feature . Go with NORTON instead !
 I installed it on an older Windows 98 computer and on reboot the computer would not come up normally . I finally had to uninstall it in safe mode . I was able to return it ... and purchased Norton 8.0 which has been working great .
 I run on Windows 2000 Pro.I am a long time user of Norton Anti-Virus , but decided I would give McAfee a try due to some friend 's comments.What a waste!I went out and bought the program , came home and installed it.McAfee 6.0 comes with a Firewall . Immediately that errored on me.So , I figured I would just update everything it said it needed to do.After 3 hours I have the firewall and virus scan updated automatcially from Mcafee.That 's when terror really begins.It immediately began crashing the system.That 's not the worst - IF you use the firewall - beware ! It will take over ALL of your settings.That only made the system crash more , so I went to uninstall it.Well , when you do the firewall takes some drivers with it , without prompting you , or telling you what it 's doing.I had to reformat my entire system just to be able to get online again ! How ridiculous.Do not waste your time or money .
 It took me quite a while to get this program installed on Win XP Professional due to numerous bugs.Don ' t be deceived by the Microsoft Win XP compatibility claims on the box . Much of the support information including updates to the program do n't cover XP . For example , I had trouble getting the settings to be retained . The instructions McAfee Technical Support sent me only covered Win 9x and ME even though I told them I was running XP.The good news is that since I installed the latest patch the problem with the settings being retained is gone , that bad news is that the settings problem is gone because I can no longer start McAfee Virus Scan at all .
 I purchased and installed MVS6 on three systems
 This is the worst version I have ever tried to install . Many bugs , and nearly impossible to remove after installing . None of my registry cleaners could completely remove it ! Constant problems with the apps crashing or not loading . I tried it on WIN95B , WIN98 , ME , and W2K . I downloaded the 6.01 patch , but it also failed to install . Their WEB site is worthless for support , and it seems that everything you click on opens up some popup trying to sell you something else . 6.x seems to have some really neat features , however , I 'd stick with 5.x until they get some of the bugs worked out .
 If you ever get it bug free , it would be a good program . But support , both technical and customer relations is unbelievabally bad . On one problem , it took 7 tries to get a fix that worked . Thats a 14 % sucsess rate or an 86 % frustration rate . Never did get a second problem fixed . Customer Service has one answer - It a technical problem ask the technicians . Purchased a full priced boxed version . Some how they fouled up the registration and after 45 days it quit working with the explanation that it was an evaluation copy , please pay for it again . Their fix - Pay for wrapping and shipping and we will refund your money .
 This version is not friendly to Netscape users !!! The software box and documentation claim 6.0 will work on Windows 95 or higher version , but this is not true in addition to Windows , processing speed , etc the documentation should list Internet Explorer 4.01 or higher as part of the necessary equipment . After two years of trying to eradicate IE from my system I can finally run Netscape and Mozilla with no complications , but I ca n't install Virusscan 6.0 . I have seen the program run sucessfully on Windows 2000 , but I was disapointed that the improvements over 5.X are not really significant . IMO this program is a waste of money . Do n't buy it unless you have already upgraded to Windows XP !
 After reading some of the posts on how it messed up ppl 's computers I was kinda weary to install it . So I backed up my hard drive . Installed it without a problem even with Norton Anti-Virus installed already . I have both running now and probably will get rid of Norton.The user interface is pretty but confusing when I just want to update and protect myself from the latest viruses out there . No problems so far ... but it 's only been a day.UPDATE
 I spent 5 hours , and over 6 on-line `` free '' customer service -LRB- crappy -RRB- chats . Installation problems and freez ... Problems just to install , and problems with your computer -LRB- if it is not worster than getting viruses -RRB- of freezing and slowing the computer down.You buy it , and find out . Just a piece of advice , hope you do n't take into consideration of the minority of the reviewers here , that give 5 stars -LRB- they work for this lousy fraudent company -RRB-
 It 's amazing that this company would put out such a buggy and destructive piece of software . Fortunately I had my hard drive backed up , because I had to reformat the drive and reinstall everything to repair the damage . I thought at first it may have just been the firewall that was the problem , so I reinstalled Windows and just the anti-virus portion of the software . Guess what , it still hosed everything . I switched from Norton because of various minor problems I experienced with it , but Norton was never this bad . Do n't waste your money . Apparently this company has lazy developers that do n't take the time to properly test their product before it 's shipped .
 This product is not quality tested . Caused a lot of problems on my win98 system , slows the machine and causes crashes . Upgraded the system to windows XP and was happy till I realized it was crashing here too but XP is robust enough not to hang . Got a whole lot of errors on the event viewer . The worst is the upgrade it tries to do from the web site when it installs . The fire wall is good but that too is somehow tied up with this buggy Instant updater feature . In all I would not recommend it . Will go in for a Norton 2002 .
 I 've used McAfee VirusScan for years and have n't had a problem . But when McAfee stopped supporting my version , I made the big mistake of buying this nightmare of an upgrade . The install was fine , but then it crashed and crashed some more . Then I said , `` I 'll just uninstall it and everything will be fine '' ... WRONG ! It would not uninstall ! I even tried a forced uninstall ... no luck ! I finally had to go through a grueling 80 step process to manually uninstall this software . Do yourself a favor and do not buy this !
 VirusScan installed with no problem . However , the settings keep changing - One day it is set to run a system scan , the next day I get a message saying the scan has been disabled . McAfee 's customer service said to uninstall it and then reinstall in `` safe mode , '' which I did , but the problem persists.Also , the Firewall program prevented me from connecting to my ISP , even when I disabled the Firewall ! I had to completely uninstall it.I use Norton 's AntiVirus at work and it is far superior . I 'm glad I did n't have to pay for the McAfee program -LRB- I bought it with an Amazon rebate coupon good for the entire purchase price -RRB- because I 'm going to replace it with Norton .
 It has been a nightmare experience with this worst kind of product . It is piece of junk . And on top of that , the product support is non-existing . And if you will try to return the product for refund , you will be given a hell of a time by McCafe . And they never refund money to you . They always find some excuse or the other tto delay the processing so that ultimately the person will stop asking for refund . McCafe should be banned from selling any product .
 My computer is a new toshiba laptop with a pre-installed win-me system and a macfee anti-virus shield -LRB- i do n't know what version it is because it can never be upgraded or provide more information other than suggestion for purchasing another macfee product -RRB- . I bought this software -LRB- Macfee version 6 -RRB- shortly after it is released . Even from the first day it is installed into my computer , it started a war against the older version of macfee ... I tried every way I can think of to solve this problem . But these two brothers just would n't settle down .
 Dear Robert , Thank you for contacting McAfee Retail Support Center . My name is Neeraj G. My Agent Identification number is JHI1001 . I have received your email and I apologize for the inconvenience you are experiencing . I am happy to support your needs.From the information you provided , I see you are experiencing some challenges with download scan internetfilter and email scan are uncheck.In an effort to present the information clearly , I will first re-write your question and then provide you with the answer or solution . If you find the answer or solution is not clear to your understanding , please let me know and I will be happy to clarify . \ As per you are facing the problems with download scan internetfilter and email scan are uncheck ... Dear Robert , Thank you for contacting McAfee Retail Support Center . My name is Taranjeet S. My Agent Identification number is JHI1001 . I have received your email and I apologize for the inconvenience you are experiencing . I am happy to support your needs.From the information you provided , I see you are experiencing some challenges with Enabling your Download scan.In an effort to present the information clearly , I will first re-write your question and then provide you with the answer or solution ... Dear Robert , Thank you for contacting McAfee Retail Support Center . My name is Mohit K. My Agent Identification number is JHI1001 . I have received your email and I apologize for the inconvenience you are experiencing . I am happy to support your needs.From the information you provided , I see you are experiencing some challenges with Virusscan settings became disabled.In an effort to present the information clearly , I will first re-write your question and then provide you with the answer or solution ...
 I thought all the probs listed here would n't happen to me . HA!Since I got 6.0 for free with rebates , I figured what 's there to lose ?? The first load went OK but on reboot DOS said `` Insufficient Memory to check for viruses '' . Help chat said unload and reload with all tasks ended . After unloading everything went to H -- . Then hours of time trying to reinstall Windows -LRB- 4 times -RRB- and then when that did n't work , reformating the hard drive and reloading my backup . Guess I 'll drop $ 20 for Norton like I should have in the first place . What a tough lesson to learn . Sorry I did ' t listen to you guys !! -LRB- HP Pavilion w/600mhz , Win98 -RRB-
 I also had the same problems as others :1 -RRB- During the installation process , I was asked to reboot my PC . I was not asked to remove the CD-ROM . During the reboot , my computer froze completely . Black screen and a blinking cursor . Only by removing the CD-ROM did I get back to the Windows 98 desktop .2 -RRB- I also noticed VirusScan REALLY slowed down my system , which is a P2 350Mhz with 320MB of RAM . It 's so slow at times I ca n't control my mouse , it just does n't respond . Hopefully their technical support offers a fix or I may be uninstalling it .
 This came pre-loaded into my last desktop pc . It gummed the whole system up and did not rectify anything having to do with viruses . It is a programs that is always intruding into other programs and causing problems so really , McAfee VirusScan is not just a stupid program , it is a program that tries to spread itself all over your computer . If you dont have it , dont get it . If you have it cause it came on your computer , ininstall it .
 I purchased this software and used it for just under one year . I did n't have any problems installing or using it and it seemed to do what it promised , although I had n't yet encountered any viruses . The problem I ran into was a novice 's mistake . I bought Norton Utilities because of a friend 's recommendation . When I installed Norton on my computer along with McAfee the two fought each other using my computer as their battle ground ! I wound up having to rebuild my hard drive.I am learning more every day about these machines called computers and have learned the hard way that you ca n't combine McAfee and Norton products . Buy one and stick to it . I will say that I recommend Norton Antivirus 2002 . I believe it is the superior product and reviews of antivirus software seem to substantiate my claim . Since switching to Norton , I have become a true fan and heartily recommend it over McAfee .
 This program works well , but it does n't work as well as Norton . I had an infection that McAfee could n't cure without hours of work . Eventually I gave in and bought Norton and the problem was fixed in a matter of minutes.If you already own McAfee , I would just let it lie . If you are trying to decide between McAfee and Norton , then definitely choose Norton .
 After 2 full days of trying , close to 100 pages of suggestions from McAfee 's Chat Room personnel , I ca n't get it installed and working on my PC with Windows 98SE . I am going to try a different brand .
 I have always used McAfee products successfully . I have Windows 95 on my computer and McAfee Office 2000 . When I tried to install the new VirusScan 6.0 program , it removed the old virus scan program . After that , my computer refused to re-boot . I had to use a boot disk to get it going , and reinstall the old virus scan to make my computer run again . I contacted McAfee by e-mail for help and am still waiting for a reply . I am glad this product has a full rebate because it is n't worth a dime ! I will purchase some other virus program for my computer soon . Guess if a deal seems too good to be true ... ! Beware !
 when my dad bought the virus scanner from a shop it said that we would get FREE UPDATES when they were available . ho hum what happins ? cost $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ and sometimes we dont have that to spend on stuff that dose n't WORK ... . it did n't detect a virus in a email that i myself had , thus causing half of my email contacts to get it and their computer CRASH ... if you read this ... DO NOT BUY THIS VIRUS SCANNER OR PRODUCTS ... . GO ELESWHERE TRUST ME ... . AND MY FAMILY !!! ...
 I 'm not a computer expert , and I thought this was a name I could trust . I was wrong !! If my family and friends had n't come to my rescue I still would n't be abe to use my computer . Buyer beware ! I 'll never use another one of their products .
 This latest version of VirusScan must have skipped its beta test because this program is so buggy that I uninstalled it.For starters , if you 're on a home or office network , the program will not update automatically , making it useless against new viruses . While this is a known issue to the folks at McAfee , they intentionally left this important fact off of their packaging and online support pages . Only after e-mailing technical support and waiting FIVE days for a response did I learn that I would have to go through a difficult , manual process to get virus definition updates . That is pretty lame in today 's world and unacceptable to me.I 've also noticed a definite slowdown in the performance of my computer -- I had the same problem on both computers I own , so I do n't think I 'm just imagining it.If that is n't enough , the program is also overly sensitive on it 's e-mail scanning , causing error screens that are almost impossible to get yourself out of.To add insult to injury , when I finaly decided that I wanted to uninstall the software , it did n't come with it 's own uninstall program . So I used the standard Windows uninstaller . From that point forward , I got all sorts of errors whenever I tried to open Outlook . Fortunately , I know computers well and was able to fix the issue , but I doubt your average user will know what to do . Given the poor technical support options , that 's not good.McAfee can surely do better and I just wish they had n't released this version until it was ready for public consumption .
 I installed that product during the weekend and I 'm going to uninstall it today definitely , since I installed that software I had been having a lot of problems , those were :1 . Fortunately I uninstalled norton before begin . Just now I knew that the automatic uninstallation could give me more BIG problems .2 . During the installation process the sowftware was asking me to upgrade from the internet with the last version -LRB- last version ? , I just received the CD !! -RRB- Anyway , I did and the installation never was completed , everything was wrong and I had to uninstall everything by me self to can start the process again .3 . Second try , this time I did n't update from internet , the installation was done fine , I restarted my PC and as soon I ran the software it was asking again for update , I did and !! unbelievable !! I was at the beginin agains . One more time , unisntall , restart , reinstall ... 4 . Forget the update ... agains step 3 -LRB- !!! no update !!! -RRB- ... but now my PC is not shutting down fine -LRB- I have to push the power button -RRB- , my system is slow , the firewall is not working fine I think and I 'm tired seeing the little icon in my PC blinking and asking for update ... are you crazy ? I think.One more thing , eache time that I was triying to update the firellaw update failed , was asking for a file that never was installed for the original CD . Add is not nice that you have to close everything each time that you want to update the software -LRB- I 'm talking about the McAfee update utility in self -RRB- is confuse , why do I have to close the update utility if the update is still in progress?I 'm mean , this is a very bad software . But the more bad thing is that I have to uninstall y I just saw that I !!! lost !!! my norton CD ... . now I do n't have antivirus , I do n't have firewall either ... but I prefer a hacker in my PC that live with this software .
 This is a terrible product . Crashed my windows ME system , gave conflicting problems , lost drivers , exe 's and programs since I installed it . Also installed it on a windows 98 pc . DID THE SAME THING . Do not recommend .
 This product caused me to lose 8-10 hours of work time . It made access to the net impossible and even after uninstalling it , whatever it did continued to cause the system to be slow and unstable , and net access impossible . I had to re-install Win2K and all my applications.I am a professional programmer and very experienced with the PC and Windows software . If I ca n't figure out how to get this software to work properly , a typical user will find it completely impossible . I would give all the strongest possible recommendation against buying this product .
 Installing this product on my Win 98 system caused it to crash . Spending 4 - 5 hours on the phone with support personnelldid n't help , it was so badly ruined . I had to do a quick restore and start over , loosing nearly everything on my computer .
 Lots of problems with this version -LRB- I 'm running Win98 , had Virus Scan V4 prior to this , I do not run the firewall , I recommend ZoneAlarm 's freeware vesion -RRB- :1 . System settings do not stay set ; various components are enabled/disabled , seemingly at random , at each boot-up . Sometimes the kernel itself does not even load , the system tray icon shows bright red and you have to right-click and select RUN to start it .2 . Rulaunch failure messages occur all the time . What is rulaunch ?!?! It 's very annoying .3 . The `` update to the McAfee virus scan '' process -LRB- not the DAT files , thank goodness -RRB- crashes every time so I ca n't even load an updated version if they ever fix these problems . I had to change my auto-update feature to MANUAL .4 . At boot-up it `` appears '' that the system is performing a hard drive scan , or something ! Ever since I installed this software the boot-up process is at least 3 minutes longer after all the systray icons appear ... no messages , just hard drive access . However , under `` View and edit scheduled scans '' all of the drive scans say `` not scheduled '' . Interesting that it also claims that VShield was last launched on Dec 16th when in fact I rebooted my PC on 1/4/01 .5 . HAWK for Outlook always shows `` Inactive '' , it is impossible to change it to `` Active '' . Does this mean it is or is not functioning ? Who knows ... the manual and the web site wo n't tell you either .6 . After reading these reviews -LRB- unfortunately , AFTER I had purchased the software , duh -RRB- I 'm afraid to attempt an uninstall.I was desperate when purchasing the product , my PC had a virus and V4 was dead ... should have taken the hint there .7 . The technical support web site has no answers for any of these problems or questions .
 Warning
 I have been a loyal customer of McAfee for several years . Recently they stopped supporting my old version , so I plunked down money for 6.0 . BIG MISTAKE!I had immediate installation trouble , `` insufficient memory '' errors , and computer crashes . After a full day of debugging I eventually had to reformat the hard drive.They did not do quality testing on this product and I am sad about that . Customer support is useless.After years of touting McAfee , I am now a Norton user ... . McAfee will not get my money again . They have broken my trust .
 I 'm a technology consultant with around 20 years of computer experience , and have rarely seen a released product with so many problems . My comments relate to VirusScan 6.0 on Windows 2000 , but I imagine that most problems extend to other platforms.Install - the product installs and wants to do an immediate update . However , it wants to reboot the machine after each `` sub-update '' Three reboots and two re-starts of the `` automatic '' update later , it is installed.Architecture - I pull up the task list , and see that it has almost doubled in length -- the product runs over a half-dozen different services , and there 's no way to tell which ones are essential and which ones are useless.Needless junk - I did n't ask for it to protect my Pocket PC , and I do n't want it to protect my Pocket PC . However , every time I connect my iPaq , McAfee starts scanning it . Synchronization takes about twice as long , because the useless virus scan eats up bandwidth across the USB cable.Stability - When I had the product running , I got a program error around once an hour that it failed trying to start some-or-another process.Features do n't work - the HAWK feature that keeps Outlook from propagating mailborne worms works too well -- it keeps ANY mail from being sent . I found this after my outbox had a half-dozen messages clogged up in it.While I have confidence that NAI will eventually fix most of these issues , I 'd recommend another package until they have a new release .
 I installed VirusScan 6.0 with the firewall software and it caused my DSL connection to stop working . When I tried to callsupport , there is NO number listed in the product box anywhere.I later found out that the ONLY free support they provide isonline chat . You are out of luck if you only have a single internet connection at home.I tried the online support at work and no technical support answer the chat session for over 15 minutes . When they finally came to answer the chat , I wasted another 5 minutes with no solution provided while the technical person is probably helping 10 other customers at the same time before the chat session abruptly ended . I then tried to reconnect and waited for another 20 minutes before I gave up.I called to ask for a refund and they told me I should receivemy refund instruction promptly in my EMAIL !!! The company obviously ... does n't think!Save yourself the headache , do n't get the software.It 's worthless !
 I recently just bought a new laptop and thought it would be wise to invest in an anti-virus program . After using Norton products in the past and not being completely satisfied with the occasional slow-downs and bugs , I thought I 'd try VirusScan . After all , it came reasonably priced -LRB- with rebates -RRB- and with nice-sounding features . Boy , was I in for problems !! As soon as I installed it , I needed to upgrade it . And then my computer crashed -LRB- which is a week old and working perfectly -RRB- ! And then after rebooting , it froze ! It kept re-freezing each time I rebooted my computer . Customer service was totally useless ! I finally got my computer working again and just uninstalled it . It 's really not worth the hassle . Save your money for something else
 When I installed this on my home PC the installation routine corrupted the registry preventing a reboot in anything other than Windows safe-mode . Once I restored my registry settings I could n't connect to the internet due to the fire-wall that was part of this software - and could n't turn off the firewall.On contacting McAfee I was told they did n't support products purchased through Amazon.com .
 For years I have used Mcafee Virus Scan with good results . Then after downloading DAT file updates in August , my version 5.0 started causing Explorer to crash and other errors . I had hoped that this version would be better , and in fairness , it has many great features . Unfortunately , I soon forget about them all while trying to repair the damage this software has done to my system.One problem lies in installing and uninstalling , and this has caused hours of headaches in the first day of use alone . An error message appears regarding a . DLL file not found every time I start the computer . After an on-line chat with a Mcafee technician , and following an agonizingly long list of instructions sent to me , I completed the reinstallation only to get the same error message at startup . An update was released to correct this , but now I get an InstallShield error every time I try to run the update file . Again , on-line support was unhelpful . By following thier instructions -LRB- reinstall -RRB- , I effectively downgraded my product to it 's original , most buggy condition . They finally gave up and told me to seek local support.It is amusing , though to work with tech support that is obviously contracted out to a foreign country . They rely on auto-formatted responses in which they plug in a few words from your message . The result is very awkward communications from them , and a constant reassurance
 When I ordered this product , all of the reviews were positive.But by the time I received and installed it , there were quite a few bad reviews . I was having the same problems as all of the others were having , not installing correctly , system lock-ups , slow-downs , etc. ... Luckly I have Goback installed on my machine . I was able to get my system back to the was it was before I tried to install McAfee . Wasted about 2 hours.I will wait to see what problems and solutions the McAfee site shows before I attempt to re-install . I currently have ver . 4.0.3 installed and I 'm able to receive new DAT files . When McAfee no longer supports this version , I will have to make a decision on what I will install .
 I tried to install it on a relatively clean Win2k system with few applications -LRB- no antivirus application -RRB- installed . It finished installation in a minute and did n't prompt me to reboot . I had the same trouble as some others have pointed out . Vshield and Guardian are in the systray , but nothing happens when I try to run any program .
 Installing the program I had no problem . It was when the automatic updates kicked in for the firewall program . I have been waiting two days for them to respond to email . They already have a patch up on their website for a problem if you can get VirusScan Central to open up . Looks like they did n't run everything through QA before releasing the product .
 I purchased 6.0 and installed it on my ADM600 using win2000Pro with no problem . I selected the automatic update and I downloaded four updates . The firewall update gave me an error 15 . I contacted the help thru the web and was given a new place to download the patch from and did it . I then tried to install this patch and got an error 36 . Still not resolved .
 When installing , the new version detected I already have Norton Anti-Virus installed and asked to uninstall it automatically . I choose Yes and it did a terrible job , messed up the registry completely and caused me hours to fix it . It should just ask the user to uninstall it manually instead of doing a poor job.The firewall that comes with it is quite weak with very limited features .
 Product worked okay , but I was shocked to find out about the auto-renewal feature - when I read about it in my bank statement.Dodgier and more costly than many viruses ! Keep away !
 I just got the package for Windows XP and proceeded to install . During the installation , I updated to the latest and greatest as of Auguest 2004 . After reboot , the product crashes with errors for `` VirusScanSynchMgrClass
 I realize customer support is not a profit-maker . So has McAfee . My system was down a week and once I had isolated Security Center as the problem , I was n't able to speak to anyone whose first language was English . Morons with flow charts , a huge phone bill and I finally figured out -LRB- on my own -RRB- how to edit the registry additions . Spyware included but subtle .
 I WAS ONLY ABLE TO DOWNLOAD 750KB OF 33MB NOW I 'M STUCK WITHTHIS ON MY COMPUTER CA N'T USE NOTHING . THANKX
 The McAfee VirusScan Home page fails to load after installing VirusScan on International English versions of Windows - Even though my windows is English version and language is set to read both English and another language.This is a Big Bug and it very frustrating to users . It 's hard to find such information on Mcafee website , and after 30minutes ' searching at mcafee , I found a link tohttp : / / www.mcafeehelp.com . They post a solution to the problem but I found that it does not always solve your problem smoothly . I had to try several times and restart my windows several times to have it finally solved.I was wondering why Mcafee release such a buggy software .
 I have been a McAfee customer for some 6 years . I have always updated dat file and system upgrades faithfully . New upgrade to the VirusScan family will not download . I have followed the technicians instructions only to be lead down the same road over and over . The download freezes . Technicians help is zero . They have not fixed the bugs in the McAfee 6.0
 The software seemed to install itself smoothly , but once I started it up I realized that the firewall was n't working . I tried reinstalling , but had no luck . I contacted tech support , and never heard back . So , I gave up .
 I 'm pretty computer savy , but this program has stumped me at every turn . I 've been trying for two weeks to load it properly , but it never does . The firewall program shut off my cable internet access -LRB- I 'm not kidding , blocked every port out of the computer -RRB- for two days before I realized it was the culprit and uninstalled it . Tech Support has proven they do n't care at all - I have now contacted them five time about five different issues and not one of them has been resolved . I hate to say it , but I would stay as far away from the program as possible . I have n't tried Norton , but it could n't be worse .
 I was looking for clip-art to decorate my web pages . What I found were photos -LRB- jpg -RRB- and drawings -LRB- wmf -RRB- . Typically , when I use photos on my website , I use my own . As for the wmf drawings , they are n't even in a format which can be used on the web -LRB- and no tool is supplied to convert them -RRB- . There is also an included CD which supposedly has thousands of web images -LRB- gif -RRB- . However , they turn out to be little more than a few very simple images , turned in various directions , colored in various colors , and given various affects -LRB- e.g. blinking -RRB- . I found this CD to be literally worthless.I was very disappointed with this collection .
 You only can use the images for home entertainment , personal , and educational purposes.If you are a professional this package stinks , mainly because many and many of the images are stolen from public domain material , and YOU CANOT USE THEM ?!!! This new order copyright olders are amazing , some even say `` our artistic creations '' about last century paintings , ridiculous ... this package is one of them .
 The Rosetta Stone program is user friendly and really fun to use ! The voice recognition feature is very beneficial in helping learn to properly speak the language . The interaction holds your attention and improves retention of the information .
 I purchased this game for my sons birthday after he started playing this at preschool . I found out today it only runs on Classic Mac OS 9 . Are you kidding me ????? You are selling a game that only runs on a completely out dated operating system ??? It does n't say that anywhere in the description . We have 3 newer MACs and it wo n't run on our computers .
 In using this program during the past few weeks , we are getting frequent corruption errors that prevent use of the database . Avanquest tech support is worthless via email and impossible to reach on the phone .
 Very frustrating . I have it on two computers , because it will crash on one computer-so I need it loaded on another computer so I can re-install and backup . I also have to shut down a few programs or it wo n't open at all , specifically Registry Mechanic . Tech Support ? hahahhahaha
 I have created several databases , creating my own templates . Works fine for a while - but starts crashing and corrupts file spontaneously -LRB- not due to power surges -RRB- . Backup files do not restore - so with one database I 'm left with nothing after 4,000 entries . Database files can not be repaired externally . Tech support is non-existent - they just say they ca n't fix it . `` Backup more often '' - well the backups wo n't restore.DON ' T BUY THIS UNRELIABLE SOFTWARE !!!!
 Difficult to use . Has not met my expectations and I have not been able to use it at all .
 This was one of the worst , most confusing , poorly done pieces of software I have ever purchased.Unless you are a total `` techno-wizard , '' stay clear of this one !
 The disc is unreadable and would not eject from my iMAC . The customer service is no help either . Also they would not refund my money . Save your money .
 I ca n't install the software because my computer will not read the disk . Efforts to get a replacement disk have been unsuccessful .
 4.0 Student is a good concept , but the site is marginal at best . They do n't support the new Palm conduit for such items as the Treo 650 . If you have a palm device and you switch to another format , such as Pocket PC , you are forced to purchase another license.I 'd suggest `` The Dog Ate It '' or `` GoBinder '' as you do n't pay a yearly fee and the information is retained on your computer .
 To the reviewer from Moscow , ID . - who wants to buy a software application and then have to come back to Amazon and buy extra books written by third party users in order to understand how to use the software ? Well the answer is nobody - except Amazon.And to say that Finale is the gold standard for profesionals is absurd . I am a professional copyist and I much prefer to use Sibelius . I only use Finale when required -LRB- I am an expert on both -RRB- . And when I get Finale files from clients - the first thing I do is import them into Sibelius . Most of the publishers I deal with feel the same way .
 Finale is good , and you can pretty much do the same things as with Sibelius , but the latter is incredibly faster and easier to use . Sibelius is really intuitive -- I just guess something and it usually works -- which really saves you a lot of time
 Well , I used Finale for several years and thought it must the best notation software out there , though I found it quite hard work to learn -LRB- a story I 've often heard from other composers -RRB- , being a musician first and foremost rather than a computer expert.Then I tried Sibelius , which took off like wildfire here in the UK a few years ago . A revelation - the difference is so great , nothing would make me go back to Finale now , after all those months of struggling with it before I could get any real work done . I mastered Sibelius in a few hours , and was writing a new piece on it the next day.The main thing I had to do was unlearn all the complications -LRB- endless dialogs etc. -RRB- that I 'd had to amass for years with Finale - and had always assumed was inevitable when you bought notation software . Now I realise that it 's just down to how Finale was designed -LRB- for some reason -RRB- . With Sibelius , you just do the most obvious thing -LRB- click on something with the mouse , move it -RRB- and just what you expected happens.So before jumping into buying Finale I recommend you give Sibelius a serious look .
 My main complaint with this software is that you ca n't begin with a `` blank '' project . The only way to make a scrapbook page , -LRB- or any project for that matter -RRB- , is to start with a predesigned project and then recustomize it to suit your needs . While there are plenty of nice fonts to choose from , I find the clip art to be very cartoonish - way too cutesy for the elegant pages I am used to creating on my own.I think this software is much more suitable for children due to the overall look of the projects . For the dedicated scrapbooker , I would suggest looking around for software that will create a more professional finished project .
 I thought since this was compatible with Windows XP , it would be very advanced with everything I could possible want . It is n't , it is no diffent than PrintMaster , same fonts , clipart , etc. . Do n't waste your money on this program . Wish I had n't .
 I thought that the price was right , and Amazon always delivers in a hurry , so Igot out my credit card . I 'm still happy about the price and the delivery , but the program is pretty bad.It is very slow to start up -LRB- always a problem with Broderbund software -RRB- , and thetemplates are very simplistic - not at all anything I would want to send out to family or friends.On the plus side
 I had this freeze up often and I do have plenty of memory and disk space . Sometimes it would n't even load . It looked like a lot of fun , but was too difficult to work with . It took too long to load the photos and manipulate the pages.I felt like many of the templates were cartoonish looking . There were n't many neutral or realistic decorating elements.Didn ' t like this at all !
 I was very disapointed with the limited product selection . Seems like it was geared towards children , not adults . Not worth the money .
 I have not been able to use this product . I do n't find it very user friendly but I think that 's because there are no instructions and I do n't find it intuitive . I was led to believe that it would provide card inserts not just cards with text . So although this is probably my problem , it 's still annoying .
 If your purpose is to print greeting cards do n't buy this . The selection is slim to none . Waste of money !!!!
 Did not like the program or the graphics . Returned it ! RecommendHallmark software or Microsoft Print It ! for home publishing of cards , banners , etc. . They are the best .
 The customer service department sent me a email calling me a moronthis is very bad if they want your businesswill never deal with them again .
 Creatacard newer versions are terrible . After version 3 which I love and still use , Broderbund sales people keep saying that the newer versions will be closer to the old one , but they lie . They do n't work as easily and you have to go online to get what was already there on the version 3 . This one stinks !
 I wish I could give them zero stars.Broderbund pulled support for software I owned only 2 years after it was released.I was unable to install it because it required internet registration which was no longer supported . To solve the problem , they offered to SELL me a different software title.They must have thought I was stupid . They expected me to give them more money ??? This company has second rate software and third rate customer service . Do not buy anything from them .
 Be aware that this version is not the Deluxe or Professional version and you will not be able to annotate at all . This means no printable dimensions or text fields to identify rooms and such . OK if you just want to play around , but if you want to design something for real you need to buy at least the Deluxe version . Not much good if you ca n't print the dimensions of your design.Software crashed on me several times and I was unable to get the tutorial to run until calling tech support . -LRB- Tutorial does n't run well if you use Netscape and you must have Macromedia Flash -RRB- . I am running XP on a 1.2 GHz box with 768 MB of RAM so that should not be an issue . Tech support from Broderbund is good though .
 This software shows good promise , but the lack of documentation and/or online help makes this product extrememly frustrating and difficult to use . After several hours of trial and error and creating work arounds to very basic editing tasks I was able to create very basic floor plans . This program is supposed to do much more but without any instructions it is just not intuitive enough to get the job done . Even though the program is cheap do n't buy it if you put any value on your time .
 Numerous errors and things you ca n't do.Namely : - try making a 9ft foundation wall , see what kind of dimensions you get.-gives you the material list in inches instead of a 2x4x8 ' you get 2x4x12 ,022 . -LRB- I guess you divide it by ? 8 ' , 10 ' , 12 ' -RRB- who knows ?? - forgets to put a slab on the basement floor in your material list , makes a big difference when actually building a house.-Impossible to make same slope roof lines.-Cannot import from previous software.Save your money and buy Better Homes & Gardens 6.0
 Just wanted something to play with at home . Read great reviews and the price was right . Do n't have internet at home which must make a difference . Could figure out a good portion on my own , but thought I 'd get SOME instruction with my purchase . All I want is to draw 2-D house plans - nothing fancy . Ca n't even do that with this software . Ca n't duplicate plans of existing buildings .
 im in to architecture , and i think this program is awesome . it is a wonderful program , and its addicting
 I bought this in order to work on plans for finishing a basement . The program was easy to use , and completing an initial plan was quite intuitive . However , when I went to print , nothing happened -- just an error message . After spending some time with the manual -LRB- which was well organized so at least it was n't too much time -RRB- and then with on-line help , which was somewhat spartan , I discovered that there is a glitch that prevented it from printing with the software configuration on my system -LRB- which is relatively up-to-date -RRB- . After that diagnosis , I worked through two potential solutions provided on-line without success , and it came down to reconfiguring and updating my entire system or jetisoning Home Architect.Since the program was n't that expensive , this was a minor annoyance , and it is more the time lost with the program than anything else . However , since registering the program and using the on-line help , I have been inundated by spam , often two or three emails a week promoting Broderbund products .
 I spent most of this evening trying to do a simple bathroom layout that I could have drawn on graph paper in an hour . I 'm very frustrated and about ready to throw this software onto Marketplace or Ebay and let some other poor schmuck mess around with it . I use Win2kPro and have n't had any crashes in more than a year -LRB- last time it was thanks to some cheesy shareware -RRB- ... but I had three in as many hours this evening running this software.This software can not seem to understand placing a medicine cabinet above a sink , a wall cabinet over a toilet , or a tv on top of a dresser - constant error messages saying -LRB- essentially -RRB- `` you ca n't put something on top of something else '' - even when the combination is completely normal and expected . The interface is not at all intuitive , especially the dialog boxes -LRB- which were sloppily done from a simple design point of view , for instance the buttons did n't line up neatly -RRB- and compounding the problem the help files are garbage
 I bought this game for my 6 year old daughter . We installed it and it was a complete mess ! I had to uninstall it and reinstall it 3 times just to access this parental control area . I would open it but could not enter anything . Then we could not sign in on the sign in page . Finally we got everything to work and went online to access the online features of the game and as soon as we started the game , it said there was a new update from disney and to wait until the game updated . As soon as it did , it shut down . After that , when we tried to start it again and it said the wrong disk was in the drive and we could n't play it after that . Called the CS number on the games manual and got my money back !!
 Disney Interactive will no longer be supporting the Internet aspects of Disney Girlfriends . The Online Host Server for the program will be off-line as of February of 2004 . While you can still play the game without the internet functions it just is n't the same . My daughter use to love to play this game but now we will probably use it as a coaster .
 My daughter received this software as a gift . Much to her dismay , the program never worked . I experienced so many problems installing the program and never got it to work online with the internet features or offline either . The Disney Girlfriend server did go offline in Feb 2004 . I am in the process of requesting my money back .
 3D Home Interiors is supposed to allow the user to `` Imagine and Create Beautiful Interiors , '' but unfortunately , there is n't enough here to allow would-be decorators to use much imagination , and the whole thing is rather complicated to use.I found it easy enough to get started , drawing a floor plan for my living room , but adding objects was a sometimes painful process . For example , in trying to place a lamp on a small table -- several times I moved my cursor too far from the table and the lamp fell to the floor . I could not figure out how to get the lamp off the floor and back onto the table . Simply moving it up onto the table would n't work . I 'd have to delete the lamp and retry until I got it positioned correctly.The decorating choices available -LRB- furniture , cabinets , carpet , etc. -RRB- are mostly American Traditional , so if you 're hoping to try out more exotic options , like a South American rec room or an Asian dining room , you wo n't find enough here to be able experiment with different looks . The software is also buggy . Several times , while trying to pick out the finish I wanted on a piece of wood furniture , I was given dozens of inappropriate choices , including pictures of Charlie Chaplin and clock faces . I was also dismayed that I was unable to add crown moulding or any other type of woodwork or architectural detail to a room , nor was I able to add bed curtains or a canopy mist to any of the beds.There are several `` Designer Rooms '' available to view , which are supposed to provide the user with inspiration , but which are so bland and uninteresting that it 's embarrassing.The biggest lack by far though is the inability to add your own custom colors , finishes , window treatments , fabrics , and so on . If you 're wanting to see how a particular color of paint or wallpaper will look in your room and it is n't available in the `` catalog '' , you 're out of luck . I saw a gorgeous window treatment in a decorating magazine and was unable to recreate it here , since it used unusual fabrics and more than one valance . I fail to understand why a game like `` The Sims '' allows users to create or download thousands of custom objects , but a program like this , which is supposed to be for decorating purposes only , does not .
 I bought this program hoping to use it to lay out furniture in a new apartment . I found the software extremely difficult and inflexible , with bloated whistles and bells that took preference over basis features that would have been more useful . For example , there are numerous fabric types that can be selected for different furniture designs , but there is no simple way to create an accurate 2D floorplan with accurately-sized furniture . Frankly , a cardboard and plastic kit works much better than this product .
 this software is `` OK '' ... BUT ... you REALLY need 3D HOME ARCHITECT so you can IMPORTplans from rooms you have designed so you can then use 3D HOME INTERIORS to decorate the rooms you created on HOME ARCHITECT ... YES , you can decorate rooms without it , provided your room is a plain square or rectangle with no alcoves , bay windows , closets , or other architectural elements ... the choices are extremely limited so far as cabinets , etc. . . if you have alot of patience to learn 3D HOME ARCHITECT , and to learn how to import your 3D HOME ARCHITECT designs over to 3D HOME INTERIORS ... it 's OK .
 ViaVoice 's recognition accuracy is excellent -LRB- although it is annoyingly inclined to pick up all sorts of surrounding sounds and interpret them as short words -RRB- . My problem is that it 's a buggy program beset by software conflicts , notably with MS Word and Outlook . These other programs may be slowed down dramatically - up to 90 % - when ViaVoice is open even if one is not using it . These software conflicts are attested to by the extraorinarily lengthy Readme file , which only begins to list the numerous conflicts.On some systems it apparently works fine while on others - often more powerful , state of the art systems - it just does n't , and no-one seems to really know why . If you are one of the unlucky ones - or perhaps become one on a software or hardware change - the advice set out in the Readme file , and re-iterated by Microsoft on its website and by the ViaVoice technical support staff , is to disable functions in ViaVoice and the other programs that it interferes with until it works . You may or may not be willing to live with what 's left.Dragon seems a more robust program , but is far more costly .
 Watch out . The reviews that I had read before buying this product claimed that it came with a Plantronics DSP-300 stereo headset microphone but when I recieved it a cheap Andrea NC-61 was included . I paid the extra money believing I would recieve a quality microphone . For this reason alone I gave it a one star rating . I returned the product for a refund .
 As with many of Symantec products over the years , the quality factor seems to be degrading with each new release . pcAnywhere is certainly no exception . What was once a stellar product backed by quality support is now riddled with installation issues , product quality issues , lack of performance and hardly any support at all.Installation on certain Windows 2000 and XP machines may render the operating system unbootable , in which case you must reinstall the operating system from scratch to get the system working again . Assuming you manage to successfully install the product , performance is naggingly slow on connections slower than a T1 line or internal 100Mbps Ethernet network . You 'll likely go mad attempting to type text on a remote computer attached via DSL or cable modem.The only notable exception is that pcAnywhere performs file transfers -LRB- particularly updates to existing files -RRB- at rather outstanding speed by using Symantec 's SpeedSync technology . On the down side , we have found that the pcAnywhere host has a habit of hanging . The only way to unhang the host is to restart the pcAnywhere service on the remote box . If the remote host is not on the local domain , you may have to drive to the remote location to restart the pcAnywhere service.Windows Terminal Services offers a much better alternative and is included with Windows 2000 Server and Advanced Server . Windows Terminal Services is also available on Windows XP Professional under the name Remote Desktop Connection .
 I 've used PC Anywhere in all its iterations . As a professional software analyst , I used to require that all my clients purchase a copy.But not anymore . My biggest beef is that even when both the host and remote connections are high speed Internet , this product responds too slowly . When using this product , I can click with my mouse , go to the bathroom , get a second cup of coffee and pet my dog before the command will take effect.I much prefer using WebX or VPN as a tool of choice for remote support.On the plus side , remote support after hours , while slow , is relatively painless .
 Good product if it would work . Installed on a Dell Inspiron 4000 running XP Pro . On the first re-boot the device driver -LRB- ATi2dvai -RRB- caused an infinite loop . After an hour of re-boots I was finally able to get in to safe mode and see the 5 other error messages -LRB- video compatability problems , AW_HOST . sys had to be disabled , WINAW32.exe no functioning ... -RRB- Ended up having to restore back to two weeks ago . This is a good product if you do n't mind a slow connection and are NOT running XP . If you are running XP or plan to in the future wait for a new version to come out before buying pcAnywhere
 I recently got a new home computer with Windows XP on it . I had currently been using Windows 98 and had PCAnywhere 8.0 running on it as well as on my PC at work running with Windows NT 4.0 . It ran perfectly for years , however the only version of PCAnywhere compatible with XP is 10.5 . . So , I got this program and decided to load it at work as the documentation said it ran with NT . BIG MISTAKE !!!! Program installed fine , but when I went to reboot my machine at the end of the night it Blue Screened on the reboot . Then it continually rebooted and blue screened . Could n't bypass it . Tried starting the machine in VGA mode . No good either . Blue screen . Went to Symantec site and there is a known bug with NT and 10.5 that can cause a Blue screen due to some video driver crud . Bottom line , their fix involved installing parallel version of NT on machine and doing all sorts of manual stuff with the Registry . Send my Machine off to company LAN department . Guess what . MACHINE IS TRASHED . Unrecoverable . The have to reimage the entire box . Everything on my machine is gone . Nice of Symantec to -LRB- NOT -RRB- warn me before I installed about potential problems with NT 4.0 . If they had I would have kept my 8.0 on my work PC . Bottom line , I have been without a machine for a day , all my work is lost and I have nothing by disdain for this software . DO NOT install 10.5 on an NT machine if you value your PC . You have been warned .
 I 've used PCAW for over ten years now , and been through every new release . The product just gets less and less stable , and we have asked for a refund on version 10.5 . I use the product to connect to at least 50 networks , some by modem , others by IP . Version 10.5 dropped support for DOS-based clients , which we still have some of ; but you have to remove earlier versions when you install 10.5 , which gives me no alternative to connect to those hosts . Also , be prepared to replace your pre-9 .2 versions if you want 10.5 as they ca n't coexist -- which means , you have no way to connect to older hosts -LRB- I 'm not sure , but I think they also dropped compatibility with some Windows versions , which means hosts running older windows versions would have to purchase a new license -RRB- . We had several incidents where we could NEVER connect reliably with Windows 2000 hosts . Support is near-nonexistent , with the Symantec website blaming everyone else PLUS the kitchen sink for the problems , but giving no solutions . At one point , we tried to connect and got simply a blank screen . On visiting their website , I found numerous similar situations on their support discussion forum , and their answer was ... `` this could be a video card , or it could be a modem , or it could be phone line problems '' . But it could n't be their software.Version 10.5 appears to be a tremendous step backward . We tried it only because we were having problems with version 9.2 under Windows 2000 . Perhaps my greatest concern now is where to find a different product that will solve this problem . I 've used PCAW for so long I 've come to rely heavily on it.I think this problem is greater than just PCAW . Other Symantec products seem to suffer from similar situations . We 've had great difficulty in installing Norton Antivirus under W2K -- in some instances requiring lengthy procedures to `` uninstall '' previously failed installations . All this costs money . Same thing with SystemWorks . Bottom line , it seems like Symantec is cranking out some fairly bad software at this time . Once you get it to work , you may be okay , but it just really seems to lack stability .
 After many days of trying I have finally had to give up the attempt to get this product working with our single machine running XP pro.There have been two main issues : Firstly there seems to be issues with the shipped product that requires a download from symantec to fix -LRB- blank screen after reboot -RRB- . Secondly -LRB- and terminally -RRB- when a disk check is carried out post install , the machine checks the disk and then hangs . Aborting the check also causes a hang . If you do get a successfull reboot by using Last Known Good then the disk increasingly incorrectly reports file & folder sizes.No viruses seem to be present -LRB- boot sector or otherwise -RRB- . Installs via the recommedend Clean Boot method were tried.Obviously this may be peculiar to the system we were using -LRB- we could not find any reference to this type of problem on the Symantec site or elsewhere -RRB- : Toshiba Satellite 1800 , XP Pro -LRB- Retail Upgrade , clean install -RRB- , NTFS volume , PCanywhere 10.5 from CD.Pcanywhere seems to work fine in other cofigurations , on other machines that we have tried - win98 , win 2k on Compaqs & Panasonics.I have to agree with other reviews I have read that Symantec products are shipping less and less robust -LRB- we also have had problems with NIS 2002 -RRB- .
 You would think that a product would improve with time -- but no , not pcAnywhere ! It is , always has been , and probably always will be deeply flawed . I installed this product on two Windows 2003 Servers . On one of them , the host service kept failing whenever I tried to initiate a file transfer . On the other server , file transfers worked fine but the visual display was a distortion of black and white lines . It 's amazing -- every single version I work with has some problem that keeps me from being able to move it into production . And version 10.5 is no exception . Save your money !
 I 'm not going to lie , PC Anywhere is certainly a good program , but you should know there are other programs out there . They will also provide you with remote access that is just as secure and feature-rich as PC Anywhere . The one I recommend is LogMeIn , because it not only is fast and secure , but it 's also free .
 nothing exception interesting about the new version 10.5 from the version 10 . I was able to use fast user switching in windows XP with pcanywhere 10.5 demo . . but this retail version just remove the FUS totally!And when i installed it in my windows 2000 server , it must have some conflicts with some software or something , becuase after i reboot it , it gave me a BSOD !
 Used Laplink NT for years with good results but it did not perform with XP and new high resolution video , Ugraded to Gold Version 11.0 . Was sorry . Do n't think version 11.0 is XP ready . No matter how I configure ports or use manual setings this product will not work with my modern XP system and serial cable hook up . I get it going for about 10 megs of transfer and then it frezzes my computer.Also LAPLINK 11.0 reports start up errors . I select the LAPLINK autocorrect routine and the routine reports errors corrected please restart computer . Same thing happens next time . Have email problem to LAPLINK for solutions ... no response . I 'd look at some other product before I selected LAPLINK 11.0 for an XP system .
 Just got the MacFonts and opened the package to find no printed guide . I tried to install the included software -LRB- FontManager -RRB- , but it would not install on my newer Intel MAC . Got a message that said that the older software would not run on it . The description that Amazon gives says they are OpenType fonts . What it says on the package is that they are TrueType fonts . Not as good as OpenType.I guess for the price , I should not complain , but it would be nice if they give you what is advertised .
 Product arrived in a sealed box , but there was no printed QuickReference guide , which is supposed to be included in the box . This is really annoying because I want to be able to see all the fonts and pick what I want , rather than having to scroll through or format and print my own.The fonts are fine , not inspiring.Could / should have an install on the disc .
 I am still unable to download the dvd map on my Tom Tom I am stillin a long conversation with TomTom support personsince you have not given me the option I will rate this product -5
 I was very disappointed by this software ! I can see this product working well if you have basic knowledge of the language your trying to learn more . I purchased Lesson one Tagalog and I was lost ... It shows you pictures of things and shows you the words for them but not an actual translation in english . In one example it shows a wood block with a blue number 6 in it then the software types and reads the words in tagalog over the picture ... at this point I had no idea if the word meant wood block , blue or six because it does n't show translations in english!This is not the first choice for learning a language if you do not have a basic understanding of it first .
 So I have access to this product -LRB- or either most of the main features of this product -RRB- because this is provided free to DoD personnel and their dependents . While I 've been using this as mainly a refresher it really isnt good for anyone who has no knowledge of it so far it seems to just thrust you with pictures and a rehashed sentence over and over ... is this their method ? Not once heretofore have I seen any explanation on grammar and such . By lesson 2 they were using conjugated verbs ! If you have already studied this then you know that that 's not something you just thrust at someone especially ... Though I will say that this program has by far the best audio quality for listening to pronounciations .
 Real seat of your pants flying on a foggy night experience without instruments . Rosetta Stone is NOT the way to go to acquire another language unless you have someone familiar with the language guide you . Having had experience using software that works from basic to intermediate levels , this one is the pits by comparison . Better have the ability to decide whether you will be happy with the program while just looking at the box , because once you open it , you 're stuck with it . Makes for pretty expensive garbage ...
 I bought this to convert some . AVI and . MOV files so I could try video podcasting with a web multimedia class I teach . I 've done this successfully with a shareware product , but thought the resulting video could be a little sharper , so I was willing to pay for and try a commerical product . -LRB- Pinnacle , right ? They do a lot of this stuff , they must know what they 're doing ... -RRB- HA !!!! HUGE mistake . The interface is horrible , and the conversion just-plain-sucks . Everything came out in flouescent colors with huge blocks covering the screen . Totally , completely unwatchable . It looks like a 60s psychedellic experience , like `` motion art , '' not like a proper video at all . Avoid this product !!!
 It 's important to note that this product states it only converts non copy-protected DVD 's . Well , that limits your options tremendously , because everything you buy on DVD is copy-protected . So , the only thing you can send to your iPod is home movies ? How is that useful to anyone ? The front of the box states `` Convert and transfer your favorite videos quickly and easily '' . The purchaser of this product needs to understand that movies are not included in that statement.Beyond that , the quality of the conversions is not the best . I hope there is something else out there that works better .
 I made the grave mistake of purchasing this software without the benefit of a trial period . I could not get it to work , went to the manufacturer 's website and downloaded a patch/new version and then it would n't load . I got an error that , according to the manufacturer `` should n't matter '' . Thier customer support was terrible and they refuse to stand buy their product , saying that I 'd have to return it to the place of purchase . of course as opened software , the seller would n't take it back.This product was a total waste of money . To top it all off it was very difficult to remove the program from my computer !
 This product fails to explain on the packaging that it will not convert commercial movie files .
 I purchased Studio 9 before then decided I 'd upgrade to Version 10 . After nearly completing my first production , I realized one of my transitions folders was missing -LRB- one that I had intended to use -RRB- . I contacted Pinnacle Support , it is like they do n't read what I am saying . I sent screen shots as well , but they continued to tell me the same thing over and over again . Telling me what to do to make the transitions work . I am pretty computer savvy , so this is not OE -LRB- operator error -RRB- . After numerous emails I contacted their live chat support , where they tell me that some transitions I had in 9 will not work in 10 . Funny that the other emails were telling me how to make it work and nothing about them not working . I feel like I downgraded , I spent $ 90 for a downgrade to something that does n't have the same things that my previous version has . I would suggest you do not purchase this , much less anything from Pinnacle , unless you know 100 % that you will never need to talk to their customer service for anything.So I can purchase the effects that I had if I want them to work in my new software . That sounds right ... NOT .
 I really wanted this software to work . It was unsuccessful the first time I installed it , so I uninstalled it , very disappointed . Later , in about 3 months I thought I would give it another shot , thinking I may have done something wrong or they may have another patch to fix everything by now -LRB- why could n't they just get it right the first time -RRB- and it did operate better , but still slow and unpredictable . At least it did n't continuously crash . I 've downloaded every patch they offer , but still I ca n't burn a decent dvd . This software is GIGANTIC . You 'd think something that takes up this much disc space would be really special , but I 'm sorry Pinnacle , you 've just created a pretty virus . When I take the same video files and transfer them to Studio 9.4 , bang ! , works everytime . My advice to Pinnacle is , do n't be in such a hurry to stay competitive in the video editing field , when you put out a product that 's going to hurt you -LRB- and me -RRB- like this has . I guess a refund is out of the question , huh ?
 This software would be a great deal if it was for the following . 1 -RRB- Extremely buggy , even after installing the 10.5 patch , the software constantly crashes . 2 -RRB- All the `` cool effects '' it claims to offer , you have to purchase the key for , that will set you back at least another $ 99 per key . 3 -RRB- Did I mention the program is buggy?They did improve on the fact that in previous versions -LRB- I do n't know about 9 , just 8 -RRB- when the program crashes -LRB- not if , but when -RRB- you lose all the unsaved work that you just spent the last hour working on , but not in this version.But I will give it this . I persisted through the crashes and weird bugs that crept up , and the final product was loved by many , including myself . That 's why it got 2 stars instead of 1 ...
 I have installed version 10 Plus upgrade and since than I have never been able to use the software . It simply crashes upon loading . Real junk ! I wish I had paid attention to the negative reviews done my most Pinnacle Studio Customers and avoided wasting my money .
 While the ideas behind Studio 10.5 are great , the program execution leaves a lot to be desired . The program crashes for no apparent reason -- whether during movie review , editing or just a repositioning of the cursor . While , commendably , the program more-often-than-not remembers the last set up and position , you maybe repeatedly stuck at that particular point if the stars are not properly aligned . Also beware that each time the program crashes , Pinnacle wants you to file report ; after the third time of the day dealing with them , the reporting screens become just one more point of frustration -- especially since Pinnacle does not seem to acknowledge or deal with the problems . If you have Studio 9 , with its own annoying idiosyncrasies , you will avoid more aggravation by not upgrading to this much less than perfect product .
 Never have I encountered a mega-software that is fraught with so much problem leading to a gazillion complaints . My wife and I bought Pinnacle Studio everytime a new version was released , thinking the problem of frequent crashes and instability will be solved . Now we have 4 versions -LRB- 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 -RRB- of the product . All are unstable and a pain to use . The latest release -LRB- version 10 -RRB- is by far the worst . Why such a `` reputable '' company keeps on selling new versions instead of coming out with remedies or patches to an existing product is a big question . When will they stop ripping us off . PS
 This software is the worst piece of junk I have ever seen in my life , but I did find something useful for it . The disks make very nice bookmarks for the book Sony vegas Video . lolDo n't waste your money on this software .
 Despite the fact that I never got the chance to actually use this program , I can guarantee anyone that it 's horrible . First of all , the installation process was extremely tedious . It took about an hour to with the first disk and then the second disk would n't even work . I visited the customer service Web site regarding the issue and it had this statement
 Wow . I have never seen a set of Amazon reviews which ALL gave a product one-star . Incredible . I 'm running a 3.7 G processor , 2Gb or RAM , a 10,000 RPM C
 While this product advertises a rich list of features , it is so full of bugs that even a technically savvy general consumer would n't be able to use this product satisfactorily . The program launches very slowly , the program responds very slowly when it is finally running , the Bonus DVD does not load , video playback is choppy , and on my machine the video playback lacked sound.Also , Pinnacle 's support has to be the worst in the business . Their online help is difficult to navigate and provides little information that is helpful . When submitting a question by email their response times are very slow -LRB- 24-48 hours to get a response -RRB- and when you do get a response it is cryptic at best . If you call their support desk , you only get one phone call . All calls after the initial call cost $ 25 . Pretty sad considering their product does n't even work when you load it on your machine . Finally , their technical support is only opened 12 hours a day Monday-Friday , so good luck reaching them.I have asked for a refund , but because their technical support team still wants to try to resolve the issues they wo n't grant me one . They want to waste hours of my time trying to fix a piece of software that is obviously a piece of junk and was n't properly tested before it was released.Don ' t make my mistake and waste your money . The headache just is n't worth it .
 I have to agree with the others who found this product less than impressive . I got it to work , but had frequent crashes with a 1GB of ram to work with . I had to restart the computer numerous time and yes , my DVD of extras was also unreadable . After using the product , I do n't even care enough to get the DVD extras . Save your money and look at Sony Sonic Stage . That 's where I 'm headed .
 The other people are telling the truth . A world of bugs awaits you.The only reason I wrote this was to see why this averages one star . The reason is that you ca n't give zero
 It starts out looking fun and easy to use , the canned background music is actually pretty good for fast jobs . But once you get much going at all with your project you 'll start hitting all manner of weird hangs.Bought it for work , I was simply trying to do a 8 minute promo video with voice overs . Learned to dance around some flavors of hangs early on and started to think I 'd actually be able to do the work . But as I neared completion on getting all the media into the project , I began hitting more and more frequent hangs . It takes about 5 minutes to kill the program and restart.Giving up now and going to spend the money and buy something that actually runs.Recommendation
 I am running a relatively new machine with XP service Pack 2 , a 3.06 GHz Intel Processor and 1 Gig of Ram . As a long time user of Version 9 which has always worked well I was looking forward to version 10 for improvements and added capabilities , what I got was a nightmare . Version 10 is completely unusable and locks up 90 % of the time and this is with all the patches installed . Another note is that if you open a project created in version 9 it converts it into a project that can only be used in 10 . So all the 9 projects that I opened in 10 are now unusable in version 9 . Pinnacle should be ashamed of themselves for releasing such trash .
 this program , I 've had many complete crashes . I have computer with 2 GB of memory . I installed the 10.1 patch and he did not help , I ` am tired to call c servise and be on hold
 From reading the list of features in this video editing software , one would be led to believe that this is a truly exceptional program for the money ... and it would be if it actually worked!There are so many bugs and problems with crashing that this program is practically unusable . Just doing a simple operation like trimming a video clip down causes the program to crash -LRB- happened 6 times in 30 minutes to me -RRB- . Heck , you ca n't even add background music without all the audio picking up a nasty popping/clicking noise -LRB- that 's not from clipping and is not in any of the source files -RRB- . I recently tried to customize the settings of the output files and was met with a buffer overrun error and now I ca n't output ANY files because when I go to the `` Make Movie '' section , I ALWAYS get that message now.On top of all that , a good amount of the features in this software have to be unlocked by PAYING MORE MONEY to Pinnacle to use them . They do n't even have the core software working right and they expect us to shell out more money for more stuff that probably does n't work right ? WRONG!Save your money or buy another program . Shame on Pinnacle for releasing such a worthless piece of software .
 Thank god I read the reviews here , as well as price grabber _ dot _ com site . I am just like all other user , I used 8 and 9 and loved it . 10 ... I tried it on my friends computer ... and I ca n't even really try it because it crashes 3 times in the brief 20 mins I tried it ... a big thumb-down for Pinnacle this time .
 Might as well be -10 . This is the worst update ever including the 10.5 patch fix . I have been a Pinnacle Studio user for three years . I thought that update from 9.4 would be a improvement of a pretty decent video editor so I shelled out the $ for the upgrade . Let me tell you ... This has been the biggest nightmare and waste of time . The program is much slower , has more bugs , and has worse output than 9.4 . I have requested my money back , but have not had a single response from their support people .
 Version 8 was relatively stable . Not all the functions worked but it produced usable results . On the belief that things should get better the more they are worked on , I bought version 10 . An ideal purchase if you love frustration . It is incredibly unstable , crashing continuously . I 've managed to produce 1 DVD when it stayed stable long enough to go through the process of burning . The video is jittery and unwatchable . Pinnacle Technical Support ha-ha , tell your dog your troubles , you 'll get more response . Wait for version 10.99999 . It might work by then .
 As of Jan 7 , 2006 , this product has not stablized for general release yet - support is not ready to handle the issues . While some are happy with the product , negative reviews here an on the PINNACLE FORUMS are plentiful . 1 -RRB- the link to download updates -LRB- which the company highly recommends -RRB- usually fails -LRB- always for me -RRB- , 2 -RRB- once the product is installed , it is very sluggish , just initializing the product can take several minutes -LRB- download patch link to address this issue usually errors out - always for me -RRB- , 3 -RRB- rendering hangs - recommendations are to reload Windows XP , and be sure all your drivers are up to date , 4 -RRB- optional weekend online support has not been unavailable for three weeks - first two were holiday issues -LRB- understandable -RRB- , so when you really hoped to obtain some interactive assistance no one is available -LRB- Jan 7 , 2006 - they are probably swampped -RRB- , 5 -RRB- Requires Direct 9X capable video card , fast CPU , large DASD space , and -LRB- those reporting positive results usually had -RRB- 2 GIG memory . HIGHLY RECOMMEND reading the PINNACLE USER FORMUM for Studio PLUS Version 10 - GENERAL COMMENTS.While the new picture in picture option looked nice , never got to it . Some of the simplest editing functions hung . Spent most of my time trying to resume control - usually by canceling the product and restarting it -LRB- each time it takes a whopper dump and sends it out - hopefully to someone who is taking corrective action -RRB- . Oh , you are allowed ONE free phone call for support . Once the product stablizes , I hope to use that phone call for something other than product stablity . This policy should be waived until 90 days after the major bugs are resolved and all the download links are reliable.I switched back to Version 9 and was able to complete my project . Will put Version 10 back on the shelf and try to use it again in 6 months .
 Product crashes and crashes . I thought it was my machine . read the pinnacle forums look for export error
 I ca n't say enough about this program - it is a terrible joke . I had Studio 9 and had many problems with it so I figured I would try Studio 10 - thinking Pinnacle had fixed the bugs from Studio 9 . How stupid of me.Please do n't buy this product unless you want to be reduced to tears of frustration .
 I hate to be so loud in my title , but this software is absolutely garbage . I work with software all day long and have never come across such an unstable worthless piece of garbage in my life . It 's completely unusable ... you will NOT be able to make a movie or anything else with this software . I 've tried the tech support , forums , upgrades , and nothing will make this work . Even their tech support have no idea why it fails . You are allowed one call -LRB- long distance -RRB- and then it 's $ 25 per call . It 's $ 10 for every add-on transition that you want and they actually contribute to the crashing . Do not walk ... run away from this software .
 This is the second Pinnacle studio product I have owned . The first one was version 8 , which worked only about 25 % of the time ! I was so frustrated that I thought an upgrade to version 10 would help . After upgrading it , I found that I could not even use it on my computer unless I upgraded the graphics card on my computer - what a headache ! After doing that and reloading it , I have yet to produce a single DVD ! The most frustrating part was that I 'd put in a blank DVD , it would start the process and then tell me the burn was unable to be completed for some unknown reason , which in turn wasted a whole disc because it often did not recognize a brand new disc in the disc drive ! If all of that was n't enough , Pinnacle Systems has about the worst customer care of anyone I 've dealt with -LRB- and that is saying something ! -RRB- Not only would they not fix the problem , they would n't refund my money because I had opened the product!Because Studio kept freezing up my computer , even after downloading their latest patch , I had to completely remove it from my computer . It is not hard to find out just how many other customers are having the same problems by doing a little research .
 My first video editing software and the experience could not have been worse . I 've uninstalled and reinstalled the software 3 times -LRB- each time takes hours -RRB- , installed all patches and updates , but the product simply DOES NOT WORK . There are so many fundamental problems that it 's not worth getting into specifics . I only wish I had read the reviews of the product before purchasing it . Save yourself a lot of aggravation and do n't buy this .
 I purchased Pinnacle 10 Plus from MicroCenter several weeks ago . The software has never worked at all for me . None of the features I have tried to use work . Usually the program hangs or displays a non-descriptive error message . Now , after a hard drive replacement , I am completely unable to install the product after a week of trying . I give up ! I 'm going to try to get a refund.What an astounding waste of time and money ! I wish I had read the other reviews first !
 I buy software regularly and rely on reading other people 's reviews , but to date have not written one myself . I 'll keep it short and sweet . The idea of studio 10 , on paper , is great . But for a reason we will never know , they clearly didnt finish it . The result is constant , and I do mean constant , crashing . As it takes so so long to crash , and so so long to restart it , you wont be going anywhere fast . My opinion is not to buy this software . Oh I forgot to mention , after taking 4 weeks to finish a 2 week project , I discovered another massive error - for love nor money , let alone trying every fix under the sun , it wouldnt recognise my dvd writer . If someone from pinnacle is reading , please withdraw studio 10 from the market and the countless bugs . It could be excellent , but at the moment it is truely aweful , and I doubt I 'll buy from you again any time soon .
 I just did a Google search with the following keywords `` Pinnacle v10 help preview freezes '' and the first thing that popped up was this Amazon review site . I thought that I 'd done my homework . I read several reviews but I guess I did n't see this one . My computer is not the problem with 3.2 Ghz and 1.0 gig of ram . I downloaded the patches and it still sucks . I guess I 'm going to check out that Sony software . Really , do n't waste your money .
 I bought this program from BestBuy on sale before Christmas . It does not work right out of the box , the first thing you must do is download and install the patch . I was eventually able to successfully create ONE DVD project . Since then -LRB- mid December 05 -RRB- it has NOT WORKED CORRECTLY . I 've been through 2 tech support guys . The first gave up , and sent me to the second . The second , in 3 weeks , has done nothing but ask me to repeat what the first guy told me to do . I 've uninstalled/reinstalled this program over 10 times , and it refuses to work properly . Unfortunately , that 's the only thing the tech suppport guys can tell you to do ... uninstall and reinstall again . PLEASE SAVE YOURSELF THE HEARTACHE . Read the rest of the reviews , and I know you will make the right decision . I failed to do my research before buying , and am now kicking myself . Bottom line
 When Pinnacle Systems was acquired by well known professional video software developer `` Avid '' , the first order of business was to rebuild the `` Studio '' product line from the ground up , this time based on Pinnacle 's well respected `` Liquid Edition '' platform . Had things worked out , that alone might have justified an upgrade from Studio 9 to Studio 10 . But apparently Pinnacle/Avid opted to release the product without proper beta testing resulting in nothing short of a disaster . In a word , the product is unusable . True , complex applications are sometimes unfairly given low scores due to problems that are more related to the user 's system than the software itself . Not so in this case . One only need visit Pinnacle 's Studio 10 web board to read hundereds of horrorific accounts authored by experienced and novice users alike . It is assumed that Pinnacle is busy working on a comprehensive patch although because they have not communicated this , no details are known . In the meantime , many similar products from developers such as Sony -LRB- Movie Studio + DVD -RRB- , Ulead -LRB- VideoStudio 9 -RRB- , Adobe -LRB- Premier Elements 2 -RRB- and others provide viable alternatives to Pinnacles latest consumer offering . I tend to like Pinnacle as an organization but it 's difficult to feel sorry for a company that would knowingly sell non-working software to it 's loyal users and an unsuspecting general public . My advice , buy something else and take another look at Pinnacle in a year or two after they 've learned their lesson .
 As a long time Studio user I was excited to see a further improved version , but that did n't turn out to be the case . This is a definite DOWNGRADE ! It is full of bugs , good luck getting any type of project done.If you are a version 9 user do n't `` upgrade '' you will be sorry . Just read the Pinnacle message boards and the other reviews .
 If you are looking for the most miserable experience of your life , try this software ! Its great for
 Do you smell something bad ??? oh wait ! it is Pinnacle 10 software that smells so bad . Do n't buy this crappy software . I have a super fast computer with a ton of memory , no dice . It has crashed 32 times to 2 days and the patch did n't do anything . Save your money and buy something else . But ... if your a moron and feel lucky ... buy this product .
 I upgraded from Studio 9 -LRB- and Studio 8 before that -RRB- and chose the MediaSuite edition . I should have known this was going to be an awful journey when I received an email from Pinnacle Systems NOT to install the MediaSuite portion of my software until they finished creating their patch ... and all this happened before I received the shipment ! Lo and behold , the installation of Pinnacle Studio v10 was a nightmare . I followed some advice from the message boards about using msconfig to not start only the bare services for XP as install crashed otherwise . I had to download the Delete utility from Pinnacle to perform the failed install . The MediaSuite patch was later released which let me install MediaSuite . I also installed the 10.1 patch for Studio . After capturing video , editing it , and trying to burn a DVD , the DVD burn failed . I tried 2 different ways of burning , 1 - creating an ISO image -LRB- which failed -RRB- and 2 - burning an actual DVD -LRB- which also failed as Pinnacle kept ejecting my blank DVDs -RRB- . This product should still be in Beta . It 's absolute garbage . Look elsewhere for your video editing needs .
 The product takes forever to launch , I mean the longest I have ever waited for anything . When it eventually loads I ca n't even watch any video , much less get to a point where I can edit it . The preview window doesnt work at all , the first frame of the scene just sits there motionless , although sometimes I can hear sound . I bought this specifically to edit my mpeg4 video from my digital camera , because thats what they advertises it can do , but the files will not open from the file location , nor be captured from the camera . Ca n't import them at all . I thought studio 9 was pretty good even though they had some negative reviews , I figured those reviews from people who were just natural born complainers . That said , this product is horrible . Do n't waste your money ! How can they sell this garbage ? Can anyone recommend any software for editing with mpeg4 ?
 There is a current issue with the Studio 10.1.1 patched version of the software that it will not allow you to render a video if you are running on an AMD processor -LRB- or at least that 's the general consensus of the Pinnacle forum -RRB- . Without the 10.1.1 patch I 've read the software is very buggy , but I 've only tried using it with the 10.1.1 patch.Besides the fact that you ca n't actually create a video , this software is fantastic -LRB- as far as I can tell -RRB- . You can read about it 's greatness by searching for the PCWorld review.Before buying with an AMD processor I 'd check to see if they 've issued a patch to resolve the problem . Others complain of different bugs , maybe I have n't been able to get far enough into using the software to experience those.Another issue , you will have to disable your firewall -LRB- Norton or Microsoft -RRB- in order to create a DVD -LRB- I will again state that you ca n't do this on an AMD . . all you will see is a pink screen from any AVI video rendered -RRB- . Without disabling your firewall it will get half way through rendering and then hang . No warning . No error . Just sits there telling you it 's rendering . You can again search the Pinnacle forums -LRB- off Pinnacle site -RRB- to read about this.I agree with others that this software was published before being tested . Expect to be their beta tester if you buy this software now -LRB- Nov 2005 -RRB- . I 'd wait about 6 months before buying or look at some of the other software out there .
 I agree with all of the reviews that I have just read . Having the same problems . When I loaded the discs , disc 3 did not load . When I run the program it freezes up on me after loading approx 40 pictures . Have uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times . Purchased additional ram and still no luck . I have one of the newer HP media center computers with 1.0 GB Ram and 200 MBhard drive . I called customer support and they were no help at all . Could not understand the technician well and had to ask him to repeat himself several times . He did not offer the help to fix the problem . This is absolutely ridiculous . This product should be taken off the market . Had I read these reviews prior to purchase , I never would have purchased . I started with version 9 , made 2 DVD 's and developed some type of error that caused the program to crash when using . That is why I upgraded to version 10 as it had all these wonderful features that version did n't . Do n't waste your money on this product.If you know of a good video editing program , please let me know .
 If you were using Pinnacle 9.X to capture in DV Preview Mode , then switched to editing in Pinnacle 10.5.X you may find that the only quality of DVD you can burn is in the VERY low Quality Preview mode . Looks like Pinnacle forgot to bring this Disk space saving feature forward .
 I agree , Pinnacle missed the boat on version 10 . I spent -LRB- too many -RRB- hours attempting to produce my 1st DVD . Much of the time was learning curve , but much more was waiting and waiting , then killing the process and restarting after it froze . I thought my Sempron 2500 + was the problem , but after trying it on a new -LRB- HP -RRB- Athlon 3400 , things did n't improve significantly . It just did n't freeze as much . Different than the last review the direct-to-disk worked the best for me .
 This product should have never been released . Not only does it have so many bugs that you spend most of your time trying to fix a problem and never get to actually create any movies , but the best solution Pinnacle Customer Support has is to uninstall the program and then reinstall it . I have had the program for about three weeks now and have not once been able to succesfully create a movie . Your money is better spent on another piece of software .
 Getting `` Direct-to-disc failed , please try again '' 10 or more times after 8 or more hours of running each time . I do not feel that this software is to be ready for market . I would not recommend this software to anyone even version 10.1 from the company web site . The company should print what kind of video card required . I have to replace the video card to get rid of the warning message and to be able capture in MEG-2 mode but it failed again and again and ... System
 I was very happy with Studio Vesion 7 . The interface was very well designed and easy to use and it had most of the features I needed.A few weeks ago I decided to buy the upgrade toVersion 10 Plus and I am extremely disappointed for several reasons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- I could n't install it , although I 've got a brand new PC with specs well above the minimum requirements . -LRB- 2 -RRB- After 1.5 hours on the phone with Pinnacle Customer Support , I finally managed to complete the installation . -LRB- 3 -RRB- After installation the program did n't work properly and kept crashing so badly that I had to restart my Computer each time . I spend another hour on the phone with Pinnacle Customer Support and they finally recommended uninstalling and reinstalling everything , but this did n't solve any of the problems . -LRB- 4 -RRB- What is more , the installation of version 10 damaged the existing version 7 , so that I could n't use it any more . Even after uninstalling version 10 and reinstalling version 7 , version 7 did n't work anymore .
 I recently purchassed the Pinnacle Studio Plus 10 software after purchassing a video camera.One of my friends told me that he had Studio 8 and that it was great . To make a long story short , I attempted to purchase that version.The only version available was the plus 10 , so I thought that I was making the right decision ... BOY WAS I WRONG !!!!!! The program has CRASHED more times than a demolition derby crash car.I just wish that I had read the customer comments on this web site.I think that Pinnacle should grow a set of gonads and admit that there Studio Plus 10 is a useless product and refund everyone 's money !!!!
 I will be succinct . This software , especially after downloading the `` updates '' , is horribly inefficient and counterproductive . Be prepared to be extremely frustrated .
 In 15 years of using software , this has to be the worst software that I have ever used . I consider myself to be geekish and I could n't make this product work on a top of the line machine . The average computer person has NO chance with this product . When I contacted tech support , the first thing they did is send me out a page and a half document of stuff to do
 If you like your home movies to look like foreign Godzilla Movie this is the product for you . You will be plaqued with audio out of sync -LRB- OOS , theres even an acronym now for it -RRB- problems and dont try to contact support about it . Youll get canned answers like , defrag your computer , download drivers , your computer isnt powerful enough . When they run out of canned answers youll just quit hearing from them . I built a new computer specifically for digitizing my home movies and it still wont sync up . It has 2 gig of Ram and a 2.8 gig P4D chip . All thats on it is Windows XP and Pinnacle . Your best bet is buy a VHS DVD recorder and use the Pinnacle Disk for a flying saucer.I have found some adjustments that can help though . Make sure your using NTFS , Recording time will be greatly limited using FAT 32 . Next limit recording length to appx 20 minutes , you can splice them back together later . Recording a 2 hour movie will result in about a 4 second delay in the audio . Never pause the VCR or Fast Fwd during recording . Ive also found that its much easier to save each movie to a new folder . For some reason there are times when you save a second movie to the same folder youll get done and your new movie size will be 72 kb , basically the Icon , no movie . Most importantly , medicate yourself ! In a fit of anger these CD 's can go right through a sheet rock wall !
 I never heard and used such a crap product in my life.I wondered whether Pinnacle team really tested and QA this crappy software before release in to its customer.Even after installing their latest patch , product is of no use.Better they should recall this product and refund our moneyNever ever think of buying this buggy product . Better spend your money on some thing else .
 This program is junk . Pure and simple . It has many nice features . The trouble is they all crash your PC . I am a programmer myself and would be ashamed to release software that is this unstable - and charge for it ! Too bad , it 's a nice interface that is quite user friendly . Simply put , the program is not worth a dime based on it 's complete lack of performance and high crash rate . Buy something -LRB- anything -RRB- else .
 If you are considering dumping Pinnacle Studio for something that works as advertised , consider this product instead . I have had great success with it and it NEVER crashes.http : / / www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B000AP2X0U/qid=1131803716/sr=8-1/ref=sr_8__i1_xgl65/104-8898794-6164743?v=glance&s;=software&n;=541966
 I have been using Pinnacle Studio since v5 . I upgraded my Dell XPS 600 -LRB- Duo-core , 2 GB RAM -RRB- to Vista Ultimate -LRB- clean install -RRB- and purchaed this abomination for its support for HDV . Plugged in the install DVD and Vista told there were compatablility issues . No problem , I 'll take a look at the Read Me file on the DVD . It told me to navigate to the Vista Installer folder . Does n't exist on my disk , so I looked it up on their website . They have a wonderfully pretty section about how they are committed to supporting Vista , blah , blah , blah . No information about installing it . I tried their FAQ . Same crap . I tried emailing support -LRB- I can hear you laughing ! -RRB- . Even less helpful . Last resort , I called support -LRB- Stop laughing so hard , you will hurt yourselves ! -RRB- and tried talking to them . I would have had better answers if I asked my dog . She at least pays attention . I am now the proud owner of another set of semi-attractive drink coasters . And am on the hunt for video editing software ...
 How I wish I had read more reviews on this product before purchasing it and spending HOURS trying to make it work!I never did get a complete video project out of it ... it kept hanging up over and over every time I tried to make a movie after hours of editing.I 'll do my research next time ! Any suggestions on what I can replace it with after I throw it in the trash will be much appreciated ! Maybe Adobe Premium Elements 3 ???
 If you own a gun , sharp or blunt object , or are near sports equipment such as a baseball bat , DO NOT BUY THIS !!! You could hurt yourself ! This program could drive you crazy!I do not usually write reviews but I do read them and appreciate people taking the time to provide their opinions and insight into experiences with products they have used or are using . But , with this product , I ca n't help but warn potential buyers.I owned and used Studio 6 . It was slow but worked for basic Video CD and DVD creation . Some tasks - such as building a DVD index - are so slow that I often had to check to see if the program was locked up . I kept it updated in hopes of improved performance . Simple editing and building an index can take hours - mostly idle time on my part ! Burn time was also long but did n't require my presence so I would let it run overnight while I slept . I like all the features but wo n't live long enough to complete tasks necessary for building a decent DVD using Studio.A few months ago I bought Pinnacle Studio Plus Version 10 . I figured that they should have improved response time by now . Besides I have upgraded my Video PC from an 800 M processor w/400 M Ram to a 3.6 G processor w/1 G Ram , Faster drives , Etc. . Also , on this machine , I have shut down all unnecessary system and program processes such that machine booting and most applications run very quickly . Well , Version 10 takes forever to do simple tasks like allowing me to build a video index ! Actually , if anything , it is slower than version 6 . And on a machine that is much faster . It can be OK , but slooowwww for witting a simple non-indexed movie but that is barley using its features . It 's so slow you 'll swear that you have encountered a bug ! I 'm not even sure that any new features have been added since Version 6 . Programs such as NERO and Moviemaker are cheaper and better suited for simple applications . They come free with cameras as well.Perhaps Version 15 or 20 or 25 or ... will be more responsive !
 It is worth trashing only . Absolutely a big piece of **** . Lots of errors and keeps closing midstream . I garbaged it and purchased Nero .
 Do n't waste your money or your time . I have a Pentium Dual Core @ 3.0 Ghz and 1 Gb RAM . Due to Pinnacle 's horrible stability issues , 95 % of your time is spent trying to figure out what went wrong and only 5 % doing any editing . If you do manage to get to a point where you 're actually burning a movie to DVD , you hold your breath the whole time , praying that it wo n't lock up this time . That process alone can take more than an hour , even for a short presentation . So , if it locks up , you have to wait at least another hour or more while it re-renders everything . A 10 minute project can take days to finish because it locks up so frequently . I have , literally , never been able to use Pinnacle without something going wrong ... NEVER . What a waste ! Shame on Pinnacle -LRB- now Avid -RRB- for releasing such an awful , bug-ridden piece of software . Patches do n't fix the problems , just creates more to deal with . Tech support is awful . I was so excited to start editing but am now so disappointed . I will never buy another editing program from them again . I have no confidence whatsoever . I 'd like to meet the team that designed -LRB- uhh . . hastily and incompetently threw together -RRB- this program . Are the programmers really that bad ?? Wow . . time for some personnel changes .
 The last few versions of Pinnacle have been disturbingly buggy . Perhaps you 'll get lucky and wo n't have any problems , but save often ! Pinnacle also requires you to pay extra for the extra media included with the product . If you want to use disc menus , etc , you have to go to the website and give them your credit card details . Ulead and Adobe give you loads more free content .
 Do not believe any of the postiive reviews of theis product . They are most likely an attempt by employee 's of Pinnacle to pursuade you that this product is good . IT IS A BAD PRODUCT . Highly unstable and unusable even in the new 10.5 release . Sorry I wasted my money on the lousy software . The product has great features but is full of bugs which make it highly unreliable . I have only used a limited number of features , and even those basic features that I have used are not stable . Sometimes the features work as they should , other times they create unpredictable glitches . This program is a good concept but is poorly executed . On top of that you need a very high end computer . Do n't think of using this on anything but a new XP system with at least 1GB memory a 3GHZ processor and full direct X compatability on your video and audio cards . And even if your computer meets these requirements , the program is junk and is very unreliable . BUY SOMETHING ELSE !!! And another thing ... Pinnacle will not give you a refund if you are unhappy . BUYER BEWHERE
 I thought all these problems were just me . Wrong ! I just read all the reviews below and they are ALL having the same problems I am having . This software is truly a MAJOR step backward from version 9 . Do n't waste your money unless you are reading this in the Summer of 2006 when , presumably , they will have released version 10.9.9 that finally has fixed all the bugs in this thing.The thing I wonder about is the Bonus DVD with 3 + Gigs of extra stuff - others are right that it wo n't load . A couple of the third party plug-ins have unreadable files . How do we get THAT fixed ? Are they going to mail us a new disc ? Doubtful . I am really disappointed and will be pulling out my old Studio 9 and reinstalling it until they get this thing fixed . I will be wary of future versions because of this debacle .
 In three days of using this program on fairly basic files and edits , I 've had 7 complete crashes . It 's not my system-dual core with 2 GB of memory . I 'd wait for a new version -- the 10.1 patch does n't seem to help
 Do n't waste your money . I 've been using Pinnacle Studio since version 6 and have loved using it to edit video 's up until version 9.43 Plus . Version 10 was a pain to install , and when it was finally installed , it would report an error before I could do anything . Why they decided to rewrite the program based of their slow professional liquid edition is beyond me . This version is being uninstalled . I 'm going to go back to using version 9.43 Plus.If you intend on buying version 9 Plus , be aware that you have to dish out additional money before you can unlock some cool features.Here are a list of locked features : MPEG 2 Encoding/DecodingMP3 Encoder/DecoderDolby 5.1 Professional EncodingDolby 2 Channel EncodingMPEG-4 Encoder/DecoderDolby 5.1 Consumer EncodingRTFx Basic LimitedHFX Editor -LRB- Plus -RRB- HFX PlusHFX Creator -LRB- PRO/MEGA -RRB- HFX PRORTFx PlusRTFx Mega effectsVersion 9.43 Plus is awesome once you have everything unlocked . Version 10 is garbage.My computer2 .4 GHz Celeron768 MB RAM60 GB for Windows250 GB for Video Editing
 Never have I had so much trouble with a software package before . While I may not have the swiftest PC on the block , I do have a pretty good Pentium PC with 512 RAM . Apparently not near enough for Studio Plus V10 . The program takes five minutes to `` load '' , continually crashes and is totally unusable . Be warned . Unless you have a super Craig and can take continual breakdowns , avoid this software . More bugs than a July swamp party in the Everglades !
 This application is not stable even after applying the latest patch . Version 10 ? How on earth could any company write 10 versions of an application and end up with something like this ? And how could they release this awful piece of software in the first place ? The errors I encountered were not triggered by exotic commands but doing basic things . Either they did not test it or they tested it , found the bugs and then did nothing about them .
 I always read reviews . For some reason I did n't on this purchase . DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE ! Version 9 was buggy and version 10 is absolutely useless . I have not been able to complete a single project . All of my time is spent crashing , waiting for it to create a bug report and worst of all waiting 2 minutes for the application to reload . DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE , YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED .
 Everything said in the reviews is true - the good -LRB- what little of it -RRB- , the bad , and the ugly . This thing is a waste of time and money.But because of it , I discovered Sony 's Vegas Movie Studio , and I was blown away by that product . It does n't crash , gives way more creative control , and the mpeg2 codec is almost flawless . Pinnacle nickle and dimes you , while Vegas HAS all that stuff right out of the box FOR ONLY $ 89 !!!!!! AND IT DOES N'T CRASH !!!!! Oh , and as far as support from Pinnacle , do n't even think of it ... you 're on your own . They 'll take your money for a sale , but do n't expect any useful -LRB- if any -RRB- help from them . Sony on the other hand was all over me to help get their program running . Never looking back . Pinnacle had a cool concept , but as another reviewer said -- how does a company get to release 10 and still have a crappy product ?????? Vegas is at release 6.0 and it 's ROCK SOLID - has not crashed ONCE since i 've owned it .
 I was a Pinnacle Studio user from version 8 . Pretty good interface , but buggy if you try to do complex work . I upgraded to version 9 , which was a little better than version 8 , but still not completely solid . I foolishly thought they 'd finally get it right in Version 10 -LRB- including the 10.1 upgrade ! -RRB- - what a mistake . Do n't get sucked in by their excellent marketing hype . This software has decended to the level of absolute bloatware garbage . First of all , it would install but crash on starting the application on one of my computers -LRB- same result with 10.1 -RRB- . I loaded it on another computer , and the software would load , though I 'd have been better off if it did n't load at all because once you start to use the application you 're in for an endless series of frustrations . It 's the worst performing piece of software I 've ever seen , from installation -LRB- 45 min -RRB- , starting the application -LRB- 2 min -RRB- , changing screens inside the application once it 's running takes 10-20 seconds . This is on fairly fast 3 gigahertz computer with 512 megs of ram with no other applications running . In attempting to do a couple of simple copy a miniDV tape to DVD tasks the software has crashed 3 times . Only on the 4th attempt on a shorter movie did it successfully create the DVD . This software is so bad , there 's absolutely no chance a future upgrade could make it right - unless they fire the current development team and hire a new team and start over , but I 'm not going to wait that long . I 've checked around to see I 'm not the only one with this experience with software and I know not to waste my time trying to get my money back , so I 'm deleting this 6 gigabytes of garbage from my harddrive , writing this review , and starting a search for some decent video editing software .
 Sadly , I bought this product without checking the reviews here first.First of all , it does n't work . It crashes frequently despite upgrades to the latest patch offered on the Pinnacle website.Second , it takes forever to load . It 's like loading a program on your old commodore 64 or Apple IIe , it 's that slow.Last , Pinnacle refuses to acknowledge the problem and wo n't refund your money.Save your money and try Adobe Premiere elements 2.0 but , before you spend money on any video editing program , download the free trial of the software first and see if it works on your computer !
 I have to echo what everyone else is saying about this software . This software is faulty to the point of being unusable . It crashes constantly and has numerous bugs , more of which I 'm finding with every use . The patches provided so far do not work . Buy something else because this program is a complete waste of your money .
 I bought this software as a package `` Pinnacle Studio Plus 700 USB Version 10.0 '' . I was lucky because I was able to return it . I understand that stores like Fry 's or Best Buy do n't accept open software , but this one is not classified as software . Even though I agree this is THE worst piece of software I have ever seen in my life , if you still want to try it after reading all the bad reviews - this is the safest way to try it .
 I 've owned three versions of this software due to varying hardware support , and I have to say it gets worse and worse with each revision . This latest steaming pile has a new feature in that after you install it , it takes over the file associations for all of your digital photos , so when you double-click a . jpg it launches a trial version of some software 1 -RRB- I did n't want , 2 -RRB- I did n't ask to install . Next , Pinnacle swaps out your DVD-ROM driver with it 's own that in my case screwed up other applications that make DVDs . Third , it crashes so much I have yet to get a video out of it . Move along , there 's nothing to see here .
 Do not buy anything from Pinnacle . Their software deceptively leads you to believe that you need to purchase further programs to burn DVDs . I did so and got incorrect activation codes twice before requesting a refund which they have refused to give even though the product does not work and meets their advertised return policy . I have filed a formal complaint with the Federal Trade Commission for deceptive trade policies and knowingly offering defective products .
 Buyer Beware ~ I used Studio 9 for the last few years with not a single problem . After the upgrade to 10 and all the fixes I have given up . I moved to Sony Movie Studio Platinum . Got it on Amazon for less than $ 100 . Now I am a happy user and am creating great DVDs again . The product is a change but very nice . If you buy Studio 10 expect headache after headache .
 After hours and hours of trial and error I nuked the CD 's in the microwave then reformated my harddrive and bought vegas video 6 plat . The doctor says I will be fine and I no longer need prozac . Bottom line is do the same and move on . Pinnacle should be sued . This software is useless .
 I 've installed the product on brand new Dell Dimension 9100 running Windows XP , 1GB memory , 160GB Hard Drive , 3GHz Pentium 4 processor.Software installation went fine . When I opened Studio 10 it disappeared from screen after just a few seconds . Whenever I tried to open it I would get a message that the software shut down previously and I get 3 choices - New project / Open existing project / Continue . No matter what option I select the software just disappears in a few seconds . I tried , of corse reinstalling the software with the same luck.I am sure it is a great software full of features ... if I was able to open it .
 It is mind boggling that a company with as much experience as Pinnacle could make a product this bad . Evidently Pinnacle thinks `` upgrade '' means making something 100 times worse than the previous version .
 Do not ! I repeat do not buy studio v10 ! It is absolutely the worst product ever ! I would have saved more time if i had drawn my slideshow by hand . Unfortunately I am not as lucky as some of you who had been able to make at least one cd . I cant make jack !! Lets all go to Ripoffreport.com and make our voices heard ! And as for a class action suit ? Where do i sign up ????
 I bought v. 10 early on -LRB- late Oct. . I think -RRB- , upgrading from v. 9 . Was happy with v. 7 , 8 and 9 , but v. 10 is completely useless . Since I already bought the product , I was hoping that sooner or later , fixes that truly work would become available . However , months later , the program is still useless . You can still buy v. 9 some places , and I have had very good experiences with this one . I am still using it today while waiting for v. 10 improvements ...
 I have struggled with this product through several patches , and while the latest patch may fix one set of problems , it almost always creates another . I am currently running v10 .5 , and after having made two movies with it -LRB- one was an hour long and one was 15 minutes -RRB- I am giving up on it . The last movie I made , I almost lost the entire movie and was only able to open the movie and delete the offending element -LRB- credits - scrolling text simply _ does n't _ work _ in this product -RRB- after fighting with it for hours and hours . The types of problems I 've struggled with are : * Poor video quality . The video output quality is embarassingly low . I had a chance to compare the output with that of other products , and I am amazed at how much better the output from other products really is . * Frequest crashes . Pinnacle Studio crashes about 4 times an hour on average . It will crash 80 % of the time trying to load any movie with scrolling text elements in it . * DMV-style customer support . I have never experienced customer support that was so bad in my life . The first support rep hung up on me as soon as I said I had a movie I could n't open . The second rep told me almost immediately that my project was `` corrupt '' and that I needed to start over . After I pushed her to try a little harder , she finally started asking me some questions and had me try something - which of course did n't help at all.I would only recommend Pinnacle Studio if you fall under one of two categories :1 -RRB- You are a masochist with too much time on your hands . Pinnacle Studio will take care of your needs , and then some .2 -RRB- You are sure your life could n't get any worse . Pinnacle Studio will prove you wrong , introducing you to new lows you would never have imagined possible.I 'd give this product zero stars if I could .
 I had version 9 , and it was ok , crashed occassionally but workable . Then I paid $ 100 for 10.5 . OMG . Hard crash every 3 minutes . It even crashed on 3 short clips . Not even a serious edit . Awful . Awful . Do n't buy this . That I have to give one star is an insult to the poor star .
 ... and their customer support is awful ! If you do n't want to pay for every phone call , you can get online live chat , but it 's obvious that each customer service rep talks to multiple users because it takes forever for them to respond . Then , it always ends up that you must wait forty-eight hours for a `` specialist '' to examine your case and reply to you by e-mail . Guess what ? No reply ever comes . Instead , you get a bunch of surveys and some sales literature on your e-mail . Do n't waste your money . Patches do n't work , and it crashed on me nine times in a row !
 Looking back , I do n't know why I bought this garbage in the first place . Straight out of the box it crashed on install , requiring three attempts and patch downloads just to get it to startup -LRB- which takes about 4 minutes -RRB- . Once installed I was able to gleefully work on a project . Thank goodness for the auto-save feature which worked flawlessly to recover each time from the multiple lock-ups during each editing session . Well , I finally got tired of the crashes an figured my home movies were reasonably captured . I set off on the task of actually rendering the movie . At about 1.5 x real time it took a couple of hours to render my 1 hour compilation . The culmination of my efforts was an message that an error had occurred . Please try again . Several iterations later , menus removed , music removed , length cut to 20 minutes , still no success . Multiple tech support calls yielded the usual instructions to reinstall -LRB- more crashes -RRB- and try again . Little tweaks suggested that did no good . I have had it since 2/06 and still have no DVD 's to show for it . I bought it at Best Buy who refused to take it back after so long , acknowledge a `` high return rate '' , but still had it on the shelf . Just Google `` Studio Plus 10 review '' and read for yourself .
 Run do n't walk from any and all Pinnacle programs . They are buggy . They crash and lockup very often . Support from Pinnacle is much worst than average .
 I will not recommend this program to anyone . On two computers , both Pentium D systems with 2Gig memeory , etc. . . this program constantly freezes up ... even following the 10.5 patch it still crashes when simply adding photo ... ca n't even get to the point of adding audio ... simply not worth the money ... but most of all , it costs to much in time to TRY to use it !! AVOID THIS PRODUCT
 Whatever you do ... please trust all of the reviews you read here . They are all spot on . This software is junk . It looked so good ... sitting there on the shelf at Best Buy ; the box makes it sound so great . Five hours later I have re-booted my computer 12 times and downloaded two patches ... nothing works . The software will crash your system ; have trouble installing with IE 7 ; dump your internet connection ; etc. . . I honestly could go on . Just trust everyone here ; this is pure junk and dont waste your time .
 Very slow and crashes almost always -- unworkable . Avoid . Fortunately , v. 9 still does what I need for now . I would think three times before purchasing any future product from a company that sells such defective software . I am only giving it one star because NO stars is not a choice .
 I 've worked with Pinnacle Studio versions 8.0 , 9.0 , 9.4 . , this one , and a later version . And they 've all had two things in common :1 . When the program works , it 's superb .2 . The other 50 % of the time , it crashes frequently , and hard.For years , Pinnacle had designed the market 's top , novice-affordable video editing/authoring platforms , but for some frustrating reason , they just ca n't seem to keep the bugs out . Studio Plus v10 .0 is no exception.Lately , the competition in this market has mushroomed , and there are better alternatives available for the same price . At last , others have emulated the Pinnacle platform while eliminating the work/creativity-killing bugs.My advice ? Shop around . Google the competition . But save yourself the frustration and steer away from anything Pinnacle .
 This would be the worst software purchase you would ever make . As far as I 'm concerned it 's bait and switch . The bait is a software program , the switch is a bunch of code that crashes and ca n't perform basic functions without locking up . I 'm running a fast dual core system with 4 gig of ram . It made no difference the software was slow and crashed at every turn.I wish I had read the other Amazon customer reviews priopr to purchase !!!
 I got this software as a present so I thought it might be OK . but when I got it it hardly did anything . There are only 2 tracks of video so if you want to do anything fancy forget it . The summery says that it is simple to use . Yeah , a little too simple . I say , do n't waste your money on this piece of expensive junk , buy something that really works like Adobe Premiere Pro .
 WHY DOES AMAZON WASTE MY TIME BY OFFERING ME A PRODUCT , GETTING ME TO FILL OUT FORMS , THEN REFUSING TO SELL IT TO ME SIMPLY BECAUSE I DO N'T LIVE IN THE STATES ???? WHY THE HECK DO N'T YOU JUST COME OUT AND SAY IT ON THE OFFER ???
 Software is horrible , I have been using studio for about 5 years and the new version 10 is awful
 After struggling with this software and buying more hardware to satisfy their requirments , I am chucking this software . Why bother , when there are so many other packages that do n't crash repeatedly , are not as SLOW !! , and take twice as long to edit a video . My advice is , buy something else and save yourself time and money .
 I purchased Pinnacle 's Dazzle DVC90 and Studio Plus 10 . I am using a 6 month old computer with the latest XP updates , Intel Core 2 2.14 GHz processor , 2 GB memory , and a raid drive.It took me 2 days of installs , uninstalls , updates , etc. to even get the capture to work . Plus I got lucky and discovered that my final problem was the volume control on the source camcorder . Turn the volume off.As a computer professional and as someone who has authored installations with Installshield I had some advatanges . I could see all of the problems being created by Pinnacles lousy install programmers . There uninstalls basicly do almost no cleanup . I had to run Registry cleaners and even Microsoft 's Windows Installer Cleanup Utility repeatedly . I had to search for and delete dozens of Pinnacle files . I ran there registry deletes , my registry cleanups , there multiple patches , etc. , etc. . Over and over again.I did finally capture video and edit video . Life was looking up.Yet on my fourth day I have yet to burn a DVD . Hangs . Does it even finish rendering ? Ca n't tell ! No software feedback . No action log . And once it hangs you have to re-boot . No idea on this yet . But each time I try takes over an hour and uses up about 30 GB of disk for one 3.99 GB DVD write . And where is the documentation describing the various temp files and what can be deleted after a failed DVD burn?Enough . I could go on and on . Why should I say more ? If you are not convinced to look elsewhere ...
 I 've been trying to solve the problem of it crashing during `` Make File '' for the last year , it just goes to a blue screen . I 've upgraded my Graphics Card , done everything on their site 's FAQ , tried everything the tech support has suggested and still I am unable to make a file after hours and hours of work trying to edit something presentable . And it crashes . I thought it was my computer , but now I 've read so many other people have problems with it , I wasted my money buying this . I wasted my time trying to make it work . I 'm going to get another application . This Pinnacle is horrible .
 I have used Studio 9 , and now Studio 10 . Studio 10 can not render a stutter free DVD ! I have been forced to generate an AVI from Studio 10 -LRB- with titles and transitions , but no menus -RRB- , re-import it into Studio 9 -LRB- which I thankfully did not uninstall -RRB- , and generate the DVD with the older version . -LRB- All of this on the same machine in the same session -RRB- . Pinnacle 's user support response simply pointed me back to their knowledge base ; they ignored my problem.Studio 9 and 10 are incredibly buggy , prone to crash , and Studio 10 can not generate a DVD as well as its predecessor version.These are inexpensive programs , but you get what you pay for .
 I started off with Studio 8 years ago , it was n't bad -LRB- though prone to crashing , the updates helped a lot -RRB- . Then Studio 9 Plus - probaby the most stable one - and finally Studio 10 Plus . Studio 10 with all the options is nearly 4 gb . in size installed ! How did we go from 500 meg -LRB- Studio 8 -RRB- to eight times that ?! Unless you edit in HD , forget 10 . In fact forget it anyway . With all of the updates it still behaves like a bad virus . I have both 9 and 10 on my PC , and I choose 9 every time . With all of the updates , Studio 9 is very stable in my experience . Had Pinnacle kept going in that direction with 10 , it would have been the perfect product.The problems with 10 so far have included
 This is the worst quality software product I 've seen in my life and I am a software developer . All the developers for this product should be fired and damned from development for the rest of their lives .
 Not to beat a dead horse , but I hate this product too for all the reasons already stated .
 What can I say ? I like the program -LRB- I have been able to create some succesful Dvds -RRB- but overall ... due to many different problems ... it has taken the fun out of editing videos . Hours on end wasted ! The program simply does n't work ! If one problem arises and you 're able to correct it another elvoes in it 's place and so on ... And pinnacle balmes it on your compter.Pooh !
 I am very happy I did not pay full price for this piece of junk . Using this program ? Are you kidding me ?! Installing it was difficult enough . I had to disable processes in the back trying to figure out `` Why is my install just sitting there ? '' . After doing that , it worked . But then it asked for Disc 3 and although Disc 3 's autostart loaded , the install program did not recognize so called `` Disc 3 '' . Not to mention when I restarted my computer , it took 10 minutes for XP to load on an otherwise FAST loading computer . You can only imagine how I felt , because I ca n't imagine what a video program would load so large to cause my computer this much of a data crunch.I 've used a previous version of Studio that I received with my PCTV Pro TV tuner card again -LRB- I do n't remember what version , might 've been 6 ... it was a couple of years ago -RRB- . I remember it working really well when it did because it crashed a lot then and was totally unreliable . I bought 10 hoping to do some video action for work and also so I could make some personal videos for myself , hoping Pinnacle had worked out the kinks.Hahaha ... you 're lucky if it 'll even do that without crashing , much less read the formats of imported video . And I have a brand new computer ! 1.5 G of RAM and a 64 bit AMD processor.I build computers and program for a living and I am not new to what it takes for a computer to crash and run things . Something seriously is screwed up about the Pinnacle installation and the program itself . Not only did it screw up and crash all by itself , but it was freezing my other programs to the point of no response . I HAVE NO CHOICE but to uninstall this piece of junk before it screws up something else in my computer.Do not buy this product ! I had wished I read these reviews before even going that far ! And Pinnacle ... DO N'T BLAME YOUR SOFTWARE 'S WEAKNESSES ON PEOPLE 'S PROCESSORS AND MEMORY ! Take this bloody piece of junk off the market , I know video editing software can be greedy , but this ridiculous software 's programming is shameful !
 I successfully used Studio 8 -LRB- upgraded later to 8 + -RRB- , then Studio 9 -LRB- upgraded later to 9 + -RRB- , and then got this expecting something even better . It 's clearly , absolutlely , not.The program easily crashes every 10-15 minutes , and has stretched my editing time to three months , instead of being done in one . I gave a new copy to my brother for Christmas , and his computer could n't even load it -LRB- and his system 's less than a year old -RRB- because of the bugs in the loading portion.I had to add RAM , bringing my total to 768 Megs , since the version 10 ca n't load on less than 750 . This has been absolutely frustrating to a degree that I have never felt with any other product from any other maker.Customer service is n't ; rather , the best suggestions you get on fixing problems come with the message boards from other users , who also are fed up with the constant problems . There is NO customer service number to call for help that I can find . I downloaded the latest patch to fix problems , and it did very little to help.If I can use my Smartsound music files with Sony or Adobe , I 'll be switching after years of devotion at the next opportunity . I am so frustrated .
 Pinnacle should be slapped with a class action suit relative to V10 ! Not only is their product and tech support substandard , but their advertising is fraudulent . They 're out to get the almighty buck , intimating user 's ' equipment and intelligence are the problem . What are we all going to do about this ? I for one do n't want to roll over and play dead for them .
 Do we have to beat a dead horse ? YES WE DO ! Studio 10 is my estimation the single worst software products to be ever released ! It crashes and freezes at regular intervals -LRB- figure an average of 1 hour -RRB- , it consumes insane amounts of memory , it is painfully slow , did I say it crashes a lot ? Studio 9 was at least usable . The patch 10.1 does not help -LRB- except now it shows you a percentage for the startup progress -RRB- . I tried to return it to Fry 's but of course they do n't take software back . Oh , projects can not be moved between computers , since they lose all their referenced clips - that to me is a major design bug . If you have anything less than a 2GHz processor and 1GB of RAM , do n't attempt to work with it.I downloaded a trial version of ULead VideoStudio 9 and that is much better program - rock solid , fast , a pleasure to work with.I have one good thing to say about Studio 10 - it has the best UI of the 3 programs I 've seen -LRB- Studio 10 , ULead and Windows Movie Maker -RRB- - the large project area with small preview window and small clip area is IMO a better ballance than the other UIs.But for goodness sake , do n't let that fool you - avoid at all costs !!!
 Do n't waste your money , especially if you have Studio 9 . I wish I could give it zero stars . It 's buggier than anything I 've used from Pinnacle . Long audio dropouts capturing from digital tape 50 % of the time and I never could transfer a finished project back to digital tape with Make Movie . It works fine with Studio 9 . Pinnacle tech support by email is responsive but of no help . They just pull you through a knothole with useless downloads , updates , new drivers , etc. .
 I own two copies of Studio8 , two copies of Studio9 , two copies of Studio9 Plus , and only one copy of Studio 10 Plus . Studio 9 Plus is the best way to go -LRB- gave it a 3 out of 5 -RRB- . It has been five months since I bought Studio 10 plus and I still ca n't get it to work without crashing . I have tried it on 5 diffrent computers and tried all the patches . Transfer of add on effects from Studio 9 was supposed to be possible . Even that , I guess as I found out , is not even guaranteed and I personally am out all the money I paid for some add on effects I purcased for Studio 9 after their system lost record of my add on effects purchases -LRB- a new serial number is needed for each effect you own and want to transfer and can only be given if your purchase is still in there system -RRB- . Even though I have Studio 10 plus , I still use Studio 9 plus instead . -LRB- To date I can not get Studio 10 to work on any of my computers -RRB- In light of Pinnacle loosing my records for my add on effects purchases , and my inability to use those special effects again ever -LRB- even though I provided tech support with a receipt of purchase -RRB- , I recommend Studio 9 Plus instead of Studio 10 but warn against any purchases for extras . Last note
 Go to the Pinnacle forum and you will see several postings of dissastified users . This software does not function as advertised and Pinnacle refuses to fix the issues of the previous version . They only suggest that you spend even more money and upgrade to the next non-working version.BEWARE and BE WARNED !!
 After trying to video edit on our 2.4 G intel , 512Meg machine without success , my son and I decided to build a dedicated high end PC just for video editing . -LRB- 3.0 G Pentium D , 1 Gig XMS Corsair matched DDR2 , ASUS P5ND2 MB , GS6800 256Meg graphics card , 300 gig drive -RRB- . We loaded Studio 10 Plus as the second piece of software . Have had nothing but trouble . Freezes , takes 5 minutes to open a 60 Meg file . -LRB- 2 to open a 20 Meg file , which is small it video editing circles -RRB- . Play back screen only works about half the time . Then the whole thing freezes . I downloaded the patch 10.1.2 . Faster loading , but did n't fix all the other problems -LRB- freezing , video preview blank , etc. -RRB- Avoid this software . In fact , if a company would release such a poorly designed piece of software , I would avoid anything they produce . I would love to find a good -LRB- not even great -RRB- video editing software package . It 's not Studio 10 Plus .
 I first fell victim to Pinnacle Systems when they released Studio 8 . What can I say , I was young , foolish , and I totally fell in love with the box cover -LRB- no not the girl , but the camcorder she had in her hand ! -RRB- That was the only thrill with Studio I experienced . Nothing but crashes , lock ups and hours of lost time . Recently , I had the opportunity to install Studio 10 for a friend - even though I warned them about it , we went ahead and installed it anyway . What 's that saying ? Fool me once , shame on you , fool me twice , shame on me ... well , shame on me ! Seems that Pinnacle is still up to their old games of blaming the customer 's computer system , the customer 's capture cards , and simply the customers - everyone else but seeing that the real issue is that the Studio product family is terribly flawed . The program crashes , it locks up during capture , it does everything except what it is supposed to . The other reviews on this page are very accurate , and Pinnacle 's support forum has not changed since version 8 - there are STILL furious customers with systems locking up and absolutely no meaningful support from Pinnacle . Another review here states they believe Pinnacle would not last long at this rate . Unfortunately , software is not returnable unless the disks are defective -LRB- the program itself being defective does n't count -RRB- , so Pinnacle makes a killing selling this crap and refusing to refund to those who ca n't get it running . Truly a pitiful company ; no easy way to get to support and when you do get some kind of support , they blame you ! I even spent more by listening to their Tech Support Group who recommended other video capture cards and more RAM Memory for my PC . I believe the reviews here as being quite accurate ; including the person who gave their thumbs up to Studio . That ratio is about correct , 1 percent working , 99 percent not working and frustrated . Stick with better packages such as Sony Vegas Studio + DVD or Videowave , you 'll be glad you did !
 This excrutiangly awfull program should be avoided at all costs . I have wasted dozens of hours just trying to get it to work . In fact , I have spent more time trying to fix technical problems than I have spent editing video projects . Once the free technical support period expires , you 'll have to pay two dollars a minute to speak to one of Adobe 's inept technical support representatives .
 Like , apparently , many other people I was lured into buying this product on the assumption that you were getting what was advertised - 1,500,000 pieces of clip art - not the opportunity to view the majority of this free for a year on the internet and then have to pay through the nose for the privelege . As others have said what comes on the 12 cds is almost impossible to navigate and there is no reference provided with the software thus , the ` Easy to Find , Easy to Use ' on the box is a complete nonsense . The customer support by IMSI is Zero and described on their website as a ` Self Help forum ' where other users of Masterclips assist each other . What on earth is that supposed to mean . Its basically other people who have had the same misfortune to buy this asking the same question - how do you use it . Frankly , in light of other excellent products IMSI do sell , they should be ashamed of this .
 I think this product is advertised incorrectly . You do not GET , as in recieve , 1,500,000 clip art images like you expect to . You may -LRB- with much struggle -RRB- get `` ACCESS to '' at an online internet site . When I buy clipart I want to OWN the clipart - not just a subscription . I 'm still on dial-up 56k internet and downloading images is slow . The interface is hard and a typical PC style hassle and I would n't let my kids near it . We use Macs also for our graphics and their `` browser '' style application is not compatible with Macs . Do n't waste your time or your `` bucks '' .
 I too have bought clip art from IMSI for many years . Every time I was happy . This time , I 'm thinking I 'm getting a huge library of clip art . NOT . I 'm getting unlabeled CDs -LRB- I finally stumble on the file that has the listing - after I went through them all -RRB- only to find out that most of these images I got on previous versions of their clip art . THEN I find out the rest of the 1.5 M images are only available for a year on line . No , I 'm not happy . I 'm certainly going to think twice before I buy their product again .
 I have given this product a `` 1 '' for lack of a lower number . It is really bad . The presentation is so cheap-looking that it is obvious cutting costs was the most important thing considered by the company . I could not find exactly what was on each CD by just looking at the packaging -LRB- as was the case with another version -RRB- because each one was packaged in a generic sleeve -LRB- white , no print -RRB- that did not specify what was on each particular one . There was no manual either . Easy to use ? Do n't believe it . I have Windows XP and I felt it was not REALLY compatible . I called the company and sent e-mails requesting assistance in installing , etc. and I never got a response from them . Bad product , worse customer service . Another problem , which they do NOT mention when they advertise the number of graphics -LRB- over 1 million -RRB- is that you have to subscribe after a year to have access to that many . That , to me , is false advertising.I had a previous version and was happy with it -LRB- gave it away when I switched to Windows XP as it was not compatible -RRB- , but I will never buy another product from this company . I just bought `` Art Explosion 600,000 Images '' by Nova Development Corporation and it is very nice . What you see is what you get -- 600,000 images , no membership . It comes with a nice , hefty 1,300-page printed image catalog . IMSI , if you read this , remember , customer service and a good product are the reasons why companies stay in business .
 I did lots of research on various clipart software before purchasing this product . I was satisfied with a previous version of IMSI Masterclips -LRB- Masterclips 303,000 -RRB- that I borrowed from a friend . You would assume that the latest version would be even better , of course . Well , I assumed incorrectly . I am extremely disappointed with this software . I gave it a rating of `` 1 '' only because that is as low as you will allow me to rate it . The software consists of 12 CDs , which are horribly organized . They claim that they are organized in an intuitive manner , but I beg to differ . Previous versions contained a reference book for easily locating a specific piece of clipart . This useful reference was left out of this edition . In addition to the lack of organization and proper references , I was also not very impressed with the clipart itself . If you absolutely insist on buying clipart software from IMSI , stick to Masterclips 303,000 .
 I 've used PrintMaster for years . The old versions were simple , intuitive , and produced excellent results . Their latest `` upgrade '' is a disaster . It seizes up my computer , has NO online support -LRB- not that I can get to , anyway -RRB- , and it is simply inexplicable . For example , why does the template for business cards have dotted lines that actually print out?Don ' t buy this !
 This is the most worthless peace of software I 've come across in a long time . I 've had Printmaster Premier for over 10 years and it 's better than this . It 's extremely slow in clip art searches and most of what is there can be found for free anyway with Google and a lot faster . If I could take it back I would . I even had to run my computer in safe mode just to install it . So far every project that I 've started with this I 've given up on and used other software . IT WO N'T MAKE YOUR LIFE ANY EASIER .
 I couldnt even get this garbage installed before it started locking up my computer.Whoever created this mess ought to be forced to go to every household that bought this p.o.s. and get it to run.Almost everytime i have installed new software , it autoruns and the installation wizard makes things easy.Installing this program makes one feel like they need to be a programming expert just to follow the directions.I can not believe that a company would release something this complicated and difficult.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 I ordered a copy of Printmaster Gold 16 . It was a used copy but was in excellent condition . I have tried to load it onto 2 different computers -LRB- my home computer with Windows XP and my computer at work with Vista -RRB- and it will not load onto either of them . It only cost me $ 4.98 plus shipping , so I 'm not going to waste my time trying to recover my cost , but this opportunity to write a review came up and I am doing just that . -- Bob Boyd
 I bought it in Mexico !!! ... . Sam 's is selling it -LRB- thanks sam 's -RRB- To bad I could n't rate it 0 stars ... . it is not for a spanish windows !!! It does n't work at all .
 This is the last PRINT ARTIST brand software that I 'll ever buy . This software is VERY buggy . I have to reboot my computer every time that I want to print something -LRB- tried this program on Win98 , WinME , Win2000 & WinXP Pro -RRB- While there are some nice intentions , this software is horrible . Not only does the printing not work , the program freezes frequently and the on-screen view is frequently corrupted - you ca n't tell what is going to print until you print it !
 I 've been using Printmaster since I got a trial version with my first computer back in 1997 . I thought the program was so good , I bought a few more better versions and found them very good to work with . I used them quite a bit.I recently got a new computer and bought this version of Printmaster for it . I am very unhappy with it . It has a lot of bugs and is very annoying to use . Plus Broderbund keeps sending me emails that I do n't want . I do n't know if I will ever buy another Printmaster version again . I am pretty turned off on the product .
 I bought PrintMaster Gold 16 over the holidays in order to make a calendar for my parents but encountered the following 3 problems
 I purchased this product to upgrade my older versions of Printmaster Gold 4.0 and Silver 10 . The product has the same format as Silver 10 , but locks up when you change fonts . The computer then has to be rebooted . The projects folder also jams up , putting card and posters , business cards , etc. into the wrong categories and mixing up the titles . This never happed in my other versions . I think there are MANY bugs in this product .
 I am glad to see I am not the only one who has been having fits with this software . It is horrible . For starters , everytime I want to make a brand new project , a small screen pops up saying `` Put in disc 16 and click Ok . '' Well , I already had the disc in and it did n't read it . Also , everytime I try to personalize a ready made project with some of those templates , it always says the picture is unavailable . It is so hard to figure out . When I click on art and photos , it just shows my pictures . The tutorial does n't tell me anything . I am going to try to research and find something else . Does anyone here have any recommendations of anything easier and more user friendly for a green user like myself who would like to learn to make her own greeting cards and things ? Thanks .
 Be careful when buying this product . `` PrintMaster 16 was created for the English release of Windows . PrintMaster 16 will not install and function properly on versions of Windows created for other languages . '' according to Broderbund.I have n't found any solution for this problem yet . It does n't even start on other than English Windiws ! -LRB- too bad I could n't rate it with 0 stars -RRB-
 I bought Print Master Gold 16.0 , I live in Guatemala city and my shipping adress was my aunt 's in Miami Fla. . My sister brought it to Guatemala and when I tried to install it in my computer the program does n't runs . I paid for it I do n't live in USA and I think I lost my money . Do you have any idea what can I do ?
 Hello , For some reason I am having trouble Activating this product . I called Microsoft support and they told me to do the repair . I did that and it still gives me problems . The product shows that it is Activated and registered but in all the programs except Access , I have to accept the license agreement every time I open the program.Any help you can give me or can I get a replacement . They told me to uninstall it and then reinstall it . I am going to try it and see what happens .
 Yes I AM 50yo but I am playing my games on a 52 '' TV/Monitor . EVEN SO , everything required waaaaaaaay too much management to get things done . Figures were teeeeeeeny tiny to say the least . My problem is that I bought CODENAME PANZERS 1 & 2 first ; I think they did the VERY BEST with this genre . Everything else seems to have just been leading up to the gold standard set by those games . I 'd avoid this game .
 So , I saw that this game was a World War Two , real-time stategy game . I am a big fan of the close combat series and I own close combat 1 through 5 . This is not close combat . The manual is vague and poorly written . The gameplay is alright but it seems too cartoonish . People who like any sort of historical realism will not like this game . However , kids might like it . But , I would have been disapponted by this game even when I was ten . I have played it once and will never play it again .
 I just recently purchase war commander and tried to installed it on a brand new cpu out of the box and it install alright but I had a blank screen and I hate game when I cant purchase , install it and play it without changing my sytem around or downloading everything , that was the reason for a new cpu !!!!!!!
 This disk has very little to recommend it . It 's little more than a collection of dinosaur-themed games -- and pretty uninteresting -LRB- and annoying -RRB- games at that . Nor is there any educational content to speak of . My six-year-old son lost interest in it after about 10 minutes .
 I AM DISAPPOINTED IN THIS GAME . THE GRAPHICS ARE NOT PART OF THE GAMES THEMSELVES , THEY ARE ONLY AT THE BEGINNING OF EACH SEGMENT.BE AWARE THOUGH , THIS GAME TAKE UP ALOT OF SPACE FOR ANYONE WITH AN OLDER SYSTEM . THE ONLY PART MY 5 YEAR OLD SON ENJOYS IS THE DINOSAUR BUILDING GAME .
 This looked like fun , but we absolutely could n't get it to work . It seemed to be for an older operating system , kept shutting down , etc. . Finally it was thrown in the trash .
 Dont waste your money.Its sad that a program with 2006 in the title doesnt cleanly work with the typical operating system used in most computers in 2006 . The program will not load at all . The web page promising support was not helpful at all . I tutor math and was looking for material to use to assist students . There is no way I would hand a child this frustration . Try instead the programs available at www.thinkwell.com
 I HAVE WIN XP AND THIS PROGRAM FREEZES UP YOUR ENTIRE SYSTEM ! UNLESS YOU ARE TECH SAVY , AND YOU HAPPEN TO KNOW WHERE TO GO TO FIND OUTDATED SOFTWARE UPGRADES FOR THIS COMPANY THEN I WOULD AGREE THAT THIS WOULD BE A GREAT PROGRAM IF IT WORKED . THE LESSONS ARE EASY TO UNDERSTAND BUT THE CONTENT WILL STOP AND MAKE THESE REALLY ANNOYING SOUNDS IN THE MIDDLE OF THE LESSON - THE GUY THAT GAVE IT A 5 STAR IS PROBABLY TECH SAVY OR A SALES REP FOR THE COMPANY - THIS WILL FRUSTRATE THE PARENT WHO JUST WANTED TO GET A TUTORIAL FOR THEIR KID .
 I just purchased Calendar Creator 8.0 and it will not print with Windows XP . I spent over 4 hours with tech support at Lexmark , over 2 hours folowing Borderbund 's tech support advice to download new printer drivers and finally made a call to Borderbund -LRB- not a free call - waited 23 minutes paying long distance -RRB- . After about 5 minutes , the tech support person told me that they were having problems with Calendar Creator running in XP and there was no solution at this time.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 I finally had to upgrade since my old version would n't run on XP . This one runs but printing is a total pain-in-the-butt ! Unlike the other reviewer , I did manage to get it to print , sort of . -LRB- Maybe I have a different LexMark printer . -RRB- But overall , the whole package stinks !! Learning curve is horrible . Nothing is intuitive ! Events keeps rescheduling themselves . Defaults do n't work . If all you want to do is print out pretty calendars with nothing on them , then fine . It 's cheap . Go for it . Maybe it will work . If you want one place to keep track of your life , maybe it will work . It 's cheap . But you might look at other packages first before settling for this one .
 I bought this software locally , and tried to install it yesterday . Instructions say to shut down any background programs when installing in Windows ME , which I did . Not only did the software not install -- although there were noises and blinking lights -- the process somehow made my CD and DVD drives `` undetectable '' by my computer , just as if they did n't exist . Upon going to the support URL listed on the package , I found out the product is no longer supported , so if there 's a problem you 're on your own . I got my drives back through system restore and Windows Update.So , be careful with this one , especially if you have any of the newer Windows OS 's ; it was evidently made for the older ones and has compatibility problems . I was surprised and disappointed , because I 've had good luck with Broderbund before .
 I bought this product to make family calendars and have found it useless . My biggest beef ? You ca n't have more than one event on a date -- it appears on as `` overflow '' that you must print as an additional sheet ! How many families do you know with no overlapping birthdays or anniversaries ?
 This is a TERRIBLE piece of software . I use it once a year to print a monthly calendar , and it always gives me problems . The reason I continue to use it is that it can print 2 months on a page , and it can tell you how old people are or what anniversary number it is using the '' & count ; '' function . The Microsoft Outlook calendar does not have these features.Calendar Creator will not print on my HP DeskJet 830C . The solution to this problem is to set up a built in Windows printer river for an older printer . I use the HP DeskJet 640C/642C/648C driver . -LRB- Use Start , Printers and Faxes , Add Printer . -RRB- Do NOT change the name of the printer . If you change the name , Calendar Creator will give you a paper stock error . If you want to identify the printer for use with Calendar Creator , use the comment field on the printer list .
 I really hate this product . It defaults to the start date of whenever * today * is , and I 'm trying to work on a project for 2004 . It 's awful and I 'm not sure whether to upgrade and discover they 've improved it , or to look elsewhere . This program is really not worth purchasing , IMO .
 I just purchased the DVD Copy Plus from Fry 's electronics and was misled to think that the process is a simply 1 - 2 - 3 but very far from that . I 'm in the technical support business and I found it to be too complex to use . What it does n't tell you is that each one of these 3 steps can consists of 17 steps within each step . Finally the process in each step could take up to 6 hours to process making the whole process of backing up your DVD up to 12 hours to reproduce . Like the last review , that user rated a 5 stars is because either he is a employee of 321Studio or a technical genius . You could get this type of software utilities for free and much easier to use for free on the Internet . Why pay ... for the useless software . I 'm asking for a refund but they never reply to my email so I maybe out of $ 50.00 .
 This was the most miserable experience I have ever had with a software product . I was new to all this so here are the pitfalls you may not be aware of if you , too , have never purchased this type of software . 1 -RRB- It comes bundled with several other software products , two of which -LRB- DVDx and Power CDR Express -RRB- are REQUIRED to accomplish the task of copying a DVD . Why does it take THREE software products to accomplish ONE task ? Why does n't `` DVD COPY PLUS by 321 STUDIOS '' just do it ? 2 -RRB- I have a Pentium 4 processor . You have to BUY an upgrade for one of the OTHER software products -LRB- DVDx -RRB- in order for this to work with a Pentium 4 . There is no mention of this on the box . 3 -RRB- Check your home entertainment DVD player documentation to see if it will play VCD 's , CD-R 's or CD-RW 's . If not , whatever you are lucky enough to copy wo n't play on your home entertainment DVD player . The one thing I was able to copy had gaps in the sound even when I played it back on my PC . 4 -RRB- The box states `` Your player must be equipped to play VCD format . Most new players have this feature '' . Mine is only two years old and WILL play VCD 's . However , it WO N'T play CD-R 's and CD-RW 's which is what you use to make copies ! Giving them the benefit of the doubt , you may not run into these pitfalls if you have a Pentium 2 or earlier PC and a BRAND NEW DVD player . Suffice it to say this product made me very ANGRY !
 I purchased this software based on some of the reviews and I find it hard to believe that anyone would honesty recommend this software . First of all , it is VERY unfriendly to use , many steps must be made and many settings must be programmed to set-up each DVD copy . Several different software programs are needed and they take anywhere from 8-15 hours to perform , per step . I had this thing run overnight and through the entire next day just to rip and format a 90 minute movie ... rediculous !!! If you are not willing to spend an enormous amount of time trying to get this software to work ... do n't bother . Just wait for the DVD copier drives to come down in price . I gave my copy of DVD Copy Plus away for free .
 Ok , explaining my review title , I actually bought this program at a local store ... about a week ago . I wound up returning it the next day because I discovered that the program is basically a repackaging of a free , downloadable app called DVDx , which I already had installed a LONG time ago . They also include at least one other free program , TMPGEnc , I believe . What you 're paying for here is a really poorly coded frontend to these easy-to-use and free programs . DVDx is an excellent free program and I 'd rather give -LSB- money -RSB- directly to THEM so they could further develop their software than have 321 Studios , the brazen thieves , pocket it for themselves , not having done ANY of the major work.As soon as I discovered this , because they do NOT list these programs anywhere on the box , I brought it right back to CompUSA . I had a hard time returning it because obviously , to find this out I had to OPEN the box and install it , but I finally got my money back . I told them just how deceptive this is and they basically told me to take it up with 321 Studios . Of course I know they would n't exactly care , but I digress ... So please , DO NOT buy this program or their other one , DVD X Copy . Companies who would use false advertising are n't worth giving your hard-earned cash to , nor is it fair for one to have to beg for FIFTY dollars back for a program that does n't even work properly . The only thing that worked about it was the free software . Bah . I would n't be so upset about this if they 'd actually listed the programs they were using on the box . Then I would n't have bought it , but then again ... I assume this is what they 'd intended.Absolute garbage ... avoid like the plague !
 This software is WAY more complicated that it appears , and takes MUCH longer than you may think.The packaging says `` Step One
 Very Confusing software and the Help Files do n't match the steps needed to make the product work . I 've tried to use this on a number of DVDs and have n't had any success . I have 20 + years experience in DP and I would be ashamed to put my name on a product this Cheesy . I 'm sending it back to get a refund . I 'm sure the people that gave it 5 stars are employees of the company .
 They give you only three activations per copy but do not forwarn you . If you formatted your HD then you 're SOL since their support is lousy . Sure , they 'll answer your call but then `` please call this # and that # or email this and email that '' . It 's been over 6 weeks with multiple calls and emails and I still ca n't get it reactivate .
 Never did get this to run . When I installed it , it modified the operation of my AIW Radeon 7500 software so that my most common usage was non-functional . I had to uninstall DVD Copy Plus to restore the functionality of my AIW software -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- but the 321 Studios help is directly tied in to * operating * software . Since I no longer had any `` operating '' 321 Software I could not get any help getting it running properly . The web site has no technical e-Mail address , but after repeatidly sending messages I did get * one * reply asking me to explain my problem . I did , and never heard another word from them.RE
 There are many free utilites that you can use to copy DVDs to CD on the Internet . This software has just use what has been around for a couple of years and put it in a package and resell it . I bet you can get better quality and options if you download these utilties yourself .
 I received this software as a gift . The documentation from installation to actual DVD to CD backup is EXTREMELY poor . You can figure out how to install it easily enough . However when you go to adjust the quality of your backup copy , the tutorial is the documentation , and it leaves you high and dry . There is no useful info on how to adjust picture quality , file length , etc. . The tutorial consists of a few paragraphs of text and a few screen snapshots which give you little or no explanation of why you are doing what you are doing or how to fine tune settings . You simply mindlessly follow the screen snapshots . Unfortunately some of the options you run across do n't match the info they show . You are pretty much up to your own devices to figure out what to do then and how to adjust the file size and quality of your backup . Finding that I was not happy with the picture quality of the backup , I attempted to contact their technical support . I get placed in a waiting queue no matter whether I call the tech support line or even their order line . I have yet to reach a real person via either the tech support or sales line . My request for tech support via live support comes up with no one being available . Using their online tech support , I left messages and have two open cases . The first request which was over two weeks ago has still not been answered , it is still in progress . My request for a refund under their `` 30 day , no questions asked '' refund policy has not yet been answered either.This software could possibly be a somewhat acceptable product for DVD to CD backup IF it actually provided documentation or the promised technical support . I work in the computer hardware and software field . Based on my experiences with their product and their support , I would not recommend purchasing software from 321 Studios .
 This software consists of three separate programs , not integrated as one DVD Copy Plus . They are
 I gave my husband the software as a X-Mas gift . To use it the first time there is a 15 step tutorial which was easy to use however when we got to step 11 of the tutorial we discovered that a key -LRB- series of nos/letters -RRB- was needed to proceed with using the software . This information was not included in the package and the serial number on the sales invoice does not work as is intimated in the tutorial . 3 weeks later the 321 studios Tech Support have still not been very helpful . They claim to give live support online -LRB- which is an absolute farce -RRB- . They also claim to answer emails in 24 to 48 hrs -LRB- I sent about 4 emails and 7 days later they responded telling me to go back to the store -LRB- CompUSA -RRB- and ask for the information -RRB- . Of course CompUSA told me to contact 321 studios because they sell it the way they receive it . And it was too late to stop the credit card payment or get my money back . I am still unable to use the software so I have wasted my money and the gift was a huge disappointment to me and my husband . The technical support `` is bad ''
 I recently bought my first p.c. part of the package was to get dvdxcopy at a reduced price , they were to download it on to my p.c. . they got my credit card no . first.the download didn , t work there are no garintes so for -LSB- $ -RSB- I got nothing.when i try to reenter the special code it will not enter again.maybe if you can buy the software it will work.don , t buy on a we will down load basis , your p.c.may just end up with the same no . of icons as before you paid it and your bank account a little shorter !!
 Eureka , I finally found it ! The worst piece of software I ever purchased . Oh , there are some good runner ups , but this takes the cake . Poor implementation , poor sound quality , poor documentation , poor technical support . What else needs to be said ? Read and take notice of what all of reviewers have posted here . This junk goes back to the store tomorrow .
 The box of the software promises `` Powerful , yet easy to use '' . However , in reality it is not only a very very time consuming process but also you have to be an `` expert '' for using the three different software packages , that do not even work together properly . You will spent almost 4 hours just to copy a regular DVD , after you make yourself familiar with the really complicated software packages . There is a tutorial , that takes lots of time , but does not go into the details that you need to know . It seems that the software is not developed to be a final product and you are the test customer . I contacted customer service with specific questions and it took two approaches to just get an answer , which was basically useless . In the end , if you ever manage to get the software to work , you have spent many hours for one DVD , have burned one movie on two CD-Rs -LRB- not one -RRB- and have to live with bad quality . This product is oversold and underperforms . Me recommendation
 This software is not worth the time or money . It takes too long to install , in which you receive no help . The process of copying again is very complicated and you have very little help , so you are basically on a trial and error . I was mostly on error ! My hard drive has all these files , but I was never able to actually copy a DVD . I requested help from their online tech support as well as making a phone call . I still have had no response from either . This one is definitly for the trash bin !!!
 I gave my husband the software as a X-Mas gift . To use it the first time there is a 15 step tutorial which was easy to use however when we got to step 11 of the tutorial we discovered that a key -LRB- series of nos/letters -RRB- was needed to proceed with using the software . This information was not included in the package and the serial number on the sales invoice does not work as is intimated in the tutorial . I am still unable to use the software so I have wasted my money and the gift was a huge disappointment to me and my husband .
 When I got this program , I thought , alright , I now have a way to copy my dvds and video 's on to a cd , without buying an expensive dvd burner . I have throw this product away after having it for only a month , and I am now saving to buy a dvd burner.After all the promises made by this product , and by the adds , you would think , that this is the next best think to the computer , being invented . Insturctions read like your putting together the space shuttle , what promises to be a 3 step program , is really 15 , some with 2 or more steps . Hours are needed to do this , I did my over night , to get a -LSB- unacceptable -RSB- picture , and ok sound.STAY AWAY from this product at all cost , save for a dvd burner , or in my case , teach your kids how to take care of your and their stuff .
 I can live with the video copy since I understand it is necessary to lose some quality in the process . But , the audio quality is so poor , it makes the copy useless . It has constant skips and stutters.My equipment is fairly new with large hard drives , ample CPU power and more than ample memory . It is definately the copy software and not the hardware.I suggest you spend your money on something else .
 I load software on PCs for a living , and at home for personal use . This qualifies as the worst . Install left me wondering if I truly installed all components correctly . Then on my attempt to use it I received more error messages than I can remember . The rather poor tutorial covers some of them , -LRB- says to ignore , why they do n't suppress them is beyond me -RRB- but does n't even cover the very vast majority of them . Thats ok because tech support is available . From 9-5 on work days only , have a job and ca n't contact them then , oh well take a vacation day or call in sick or eat the fact that you bought horrible software . This is the first and last package I will be buying from 321 studios .
 The PowerCDR - one of the three pieces of software involved - key was dificult to find . I had to ask customer service for help . Finally I could use the key and open PowerCDR . Although , I can not run PowerCDR or the other two pieces of software from the tutorial - DVD Copy Pluss - menu.I have to tell that this software is a real mess . It is difficult to install , to use , and there are not enough instructions to follow - or there are not clear or there are contradictory - . I have the impression that this company is very informal and this product is a home produced version of a kid 's software . I feel very disappointed and would not recommend this product .
 Worst piece of software I have ever come in contact with ... The tutorial is not accurate in many key steps . You get 3 independent pieces of software which can be downloaded as shareware if you want to try doing this before you waste you money on DVD Copy Plus . Finally got the first two steps done using the provided software but never once got the final stage completed -LRB- which is the burning step -RRB- using the program software , even after many email sent/received from their tech support . Finally their tech support told me to just go download a piece of shareware software and try that and then they never answered me back again . Lousey software , lousey tech support , save your money ...
 Do n't lost your money and your time ! Why ? Because the quality of final image and sound is very , very poor !! And you 'll spend more than 16 hours in order to convert a single movie to the 2 MPEG files needed to burn 2 VCDs of 74-80 min ... What is the solution I recommend ? Use a video capture card and play your movie on DVD or VCR and convert it to MPEG or AVI file in REAL TIME !! then you can burn the files to VCDs or edit them ! And what about the final quality ? Oustanding sound and picture !
 Here is the truth about this product . All the DVD to CD copying software included in `` DVD Copy Plus '' is FREEWARE . That 's right , Studio 321 did not write any of it . They put it in a box and charge you money for it . They do n't tell you that it 's freeware on their website and I 've emailed the authors of the freeware and they told me that Studio 321 did n't obtain permission from them to sell it.They are milking the popularity of their other products to con you into buying their `` DVD Copy Plus '' product . Can they support this product ? Of course not , they did n't write any of the software , so they ca n't possibly change a line of code to help you.Do they give you anything useful that they wrote for your money , like at least a tool you can use to burn DVDs or CDs ? Nope , just a load of freeware.They know the store I bought it from wo n't refund a software purchase , so now I 'm stuck with this -LSB- weak -RSB- excuse for a package.How can they justify saying things like `` Our Software ... '' on the box I purchased , when none of DVD to CD copying software is theirs?So , you can believe the hype , or trust in the truth . I 'm dissapointed to say the least . This was a royal waste of money .
 If you want to backup DVD 's you own , it can all be done for FREE . It is getting easier for the average person to do , but please , have at least basic knowlege of burning DVD 's . Look on Google.com -LRB- the only REAL search engine -RRB- for DVD burning guides . DVDRHELP.com has LOTS of guides with links -LRB- that actually work -RRB- to find FREEWARE programs that can allow you to burn DVD 's or VCD/SVCD 's . Please keep in mind that a lot of people have devoted a lot of time and bandwidth to provide these tools - donate freely . Just trying to help , hate to see people getting ripped off .
 321 Studios should indeed be sued , not by the recording industry , but by end users , for 1 -RRB- selling what 's essentially public-domain technology for profits , and 2 -RRB- selling software that just does n't work.I first tried the free download of `` DVD Xcopy Xpress '' on their website but that did n't work with my DVD-R drive , so I bought this . While it burned VCDs and the video quality was ok , the audio part was absolutely terrible . It was choppy , and totally out of sync ! The VCDs were simply not watchable , period.So , DO NOT BUY THIS POORLY WRITTEN PROGRAM !
 This is the worst software i have ever tried to use.I am an experienced user , but i could not ger it to work.There should be a law against selling junk like this.The only thing worse than the software is there tech support .
 same company create dvd x press , is easy tu use , till now no other software work that easy , this is the best . with x plus y never can maked work , the x plus work but take to long to copy a disc , but x press is onlu 15 to 20 minutes to copy and another 20 to burn a cd , . . so god luck
 The process takes forever to complete . You need to be pretty knowledable to understand the computer lingo in the tutorial.Product claims three steps , these are rather large steps.I tried for about 16 hours and never did get a finished product.I figure if my time is worth only -LSB- a small price -RSB- per hour I can buy the original DVD ...
 I thought this would be great , just as product claims . It is not . This is not one program , but a bundle of other software that I could have downloaded for free . Please do n't buy . It 's not worth the money .
 GUYS , THIS PRODUCT SAYS YOU ONLY NEED 64 MEGS , A PENTIUM 2 AND ME FOR SOFTWARE . GIVE ME A BREAK . THE REQUIREMENTS TO CREATE AND COPY DVD REQUIRES A MINIMUM OF 512 MEGS OF RAM ON A GOOD PIII OR BETTER COMPUTER . I DO NOT USE THIS SOFTWARE , NEVER HAVE , BUT I WOULD NOT EVEN BEGIN TO TRY IT WITH LESS THAN THIS . AND I AM A COMPUTER TECH .
 There were only 30 hairstyles available . None of them I could use . I bought it because I thought it 's cheap compared to the other beauty softwares , but I was wrong , $ . . dollars is too much to spend on something that ca n't be used . They had poor choices of hairstyles . The makeup was difficult to apply and not enough choices . In fact , you only get a choice of 1 or 2 cosmetic shades or accessories . This software is not worth the money . One good thing about this is that they 're true to their word , it 's truly a `` sampler '' . If it cost $ . , I say yes . $ . . ? Noooooo !
 Be careful -- if you want a makeover product , do n't buy the sampler . There is almost nothing you can do with it . You need the full version to have any fun or get any hair/makeover ideas . The ` sampler ' is just code for demo-disk , and should be free .
 I would love to write a review about this product if I could use it . The problem is I ca n't find any information about it . Before I buy , I need to know more about the product . Please advise ! Maniusa Graham
 I 've been a faithful user of ACT since 1998 . I 've always found it intutive and an absolute must for my sales activities . I 've been such a big proponent of ACT that I often recommend it during my company 's sales consulting practice . I 've attended several one day training courses from ACT approved training centers to improve my operating of the software.I 've always upgraded shortly after ACT has brought a new version to market . The changes have always been minimal , but you could always see the improvements from one version to the other and they always made sense . The improvements have made ACT easier to use and much easier to use with Outlook.I decided to do the trial version of the newest ACT to see how I would like it ... and I did n't . What a disaster . The only positive point was that I kept my ACT 2004 as a seperate program and am I glad I did.The new version of Act was slow , clunky , very unintutitive and hard to operate . I lost all ability to synch with Outlook . It is a disaster . I hope ACT will improve the system before jaming a new one down our throats . I bet I get an email once a week urging me to upgrade and how the price will go up if I do n't . After the trial session I would n't upgrade if they gave it to me.Stick with your older version of ACT until they get the major problems with the new version repaired.Shame on you ACT for bringing a product to market that is vastly inferior to your older versions .
 I ' v been using ACT for 2 years . No considerable complaints with ACT6 but when I upgraded to ACT 2005 . It 's too slow . Time-is-money and waisting time with it I wasting too much money . I 'm out now . I 'll better go to Terrasoft CRM or wait for Goldmine7.Jack
 I am a long time user of ACT ! software from the time it was a DOS program . It has become progressively worse . One of their key elements is the email programm which allows the user to send out emails to their contacts which automatically drops the email into their history file . This feature often either does not work or it crashes the program . There are many other detailed features of the email portion that do not work . The latest release of 7.0 is so filled with bugs as to almost render it unusable not only in the email area but also the contact database section . I am continuing with it only because I have so much time invested . I would not recommend this software to anyone under any circunstances . Their tech support is non-existent , you have to buy their yearly support plan just to get anyone on the phone and then when you cone to the end of a long session and discover that the problem is not solvable , their answer is that `` they 're working on a solution , we do n't know when it will be addressed '' . This is about $ 300 . It appears that BEST Software allows ACT ! to be released without proper testing and with known bugs . It is interesting to note that ACT ! 7.0 is not offered on Amazon . In closing , ACT ! is a complete and utter time waste .
 I am one of the MANY victims of this poor excuse for an update . Stick with Act 2000 if you have it . Just go to the ACT web site and check out the discussion forums . Everyone is mad as hell .
 If you are planning to upgrade from Act ! 2000 think about it twice . Not worth a fifth of its price , and not totally debugged either . It messed up my Outlook e-mail , keeps hunging up in Win XP when you try to run reports previously defined in Act ! 2000 -LRB- that run like a jewel in the previous version -RRB- and more . Graphic interface is so bad that some of the icons leave you guessing as to what they are . Some of the features I appreciated from the previous version have been taken out . Thankfully it comes with a 30 day money-back guarantee . I got so upset with it that I claimed my refund .
 In looking for a good , solid contact management program , I was drawn to ACT ! . For personal use , Outlook was fine , but when it came to managing my business clients and contacts -LRB- the core of any business -RRB- , Outlook was n't sufficient . So I thought I 'd take advantage of the powerful features that ACT ! pitches.Bottom line
 I was stupid enough to be drawn into the hype marketing of the fabulous ACT 6.0 upgrade and had planned to use it to its full capacity . Since putting our 14,000 plus contacts database on the server just 2 months ago , it has completely corrupted twice , lost valuable data , corrupted outlook twice , constantly stops reponding and wasted the equivalent of about 3 weeks work trying to fix the damn thing . We try to use the database to a reasonable capacity only to be stopped at every turn . I spend more time navigating the service website only to find more and more ridiculous bugs that have not been addressed . The latest recommendation was to exclude Norton anti virus from checking any database files - a dangerous practice to get into . Good luck anyone who has enough patience to persevere with this waste of money , resources and time .
 On the page that offers the full version of Act ! 6.0 there is a link to a $ 70 rebate for people who are upgrading . Because the rebate form requires a UPC code to be cut out and sent in , this only applies to the ` CD ' version of the upgrade software . However , the rebate form limits the offer to four different UPC code US versions and two different CDN versions of this product . When I received the upgrade package , the product 's UPC code did n't match any of the UPC codes on the rebate form . I returned the product.If you are purchsing the upgrade version , you wo n't be able to use the $ 70 rebate .
 I am in excatly the same boat ; Since 1993 using ACT ! -LRB- when it was good for it 's time -RRB- -LRB- sending faxes , letters , etc from the contact -RRB- , and waited for the new millenium up to date with e mail , but it does not work.So , If not ACT ! , any suggestions for an alternative ? I have 14,000 database , and use it to group , send a newsletter via email , and a susbscription -LRB- print labels and manage subs -RRB- of about 8,000 . Any ideas?Thanks
 I was stupid enough to be drawn into the hype marketing of the fabulous upgrade features of ACT 6 and had planned to use it to its full capacity . Since putting our 14,000 plus contacts database on the server just 2 months ago , it has completely corrupted twice , lost valuable data , corrupted my outlook twice , constantly stops reponding and wasted the equivalent of about 3 weeks work trying to fix the damn thing . We try to use the database to a reasonable capacity only to be stopped at every turn . I spend more time navigating the service website only to find more and more ridiculous bugs that have not been addressed . The latest recommendation was to exclude Norton anti virus from checking any database files - a dangerous practice that has not improved the performance in any way . Good luck anyone who has enough patience to persevere with this waste of money , resources and time .
 I bought this game a couple years ago , and I recently had to throw it out ! It wo n't run on my Dell 98 desktop or my Dell Inspiron 5160 laptop anymore . :-LRB- I was never able to play the Champion Season on the desktop , but on the laptop the graphics where HORRIBLE!The game was really fun , and it I would rate it a 5 if not for the malfunctions ! I love being able to pick horses!A tip , if you win 1st place you get a couple more horses to choose from , then if you just won 2nd or 3rd ! The graphics where ok , and the riding was tons of fun !
 Beware this game is fun but if you you do n't have the right comp it will crash and make your computor slow . But over I gues you can call it .
 This game `` Lets ride Rosemond Hill collection '' is creepy.The horses scared me compared to other horse games I have.They move REALLY SLOW and it takes forever to finish a riding course on time.The graphics are hideous and this just makes the poor horses look creepy.The controls in this game are terrible and its very hard to maneuver the horses towards a jump correctly.It looked nothing like what it described on the cover.This game also has A LOT of errors in it with the graphics.I got tired with this game on the second day I brought it and if I were you I would not waste your money or buy a better game series like Horse Life .
 This game `` Lets ride Rosemond Hill collection '' is creepy.The horses scared me compared to other horse games I have.They move REALLY SLOW and it takes forever to finish a riding course on time.The graphics are hideous and this just makes the poor horses look creepy.The controls in this game are terrible and its very hard to maneuver the horses towards a jump correctly.It looked nothing like what it described on the cover.This game also has A LOT of errors in it with the graphics.I got tired with this game on the second day I brought it and if I were you I would not waste your money or buy a better game series like Horse Life .
 This game is very fun but has a lot of problems in it . Both games are terribly hard to play and I 'll tell you why . Legacy
 THE LEGACYOK , I 'll start with the bad points : - Has obviously been made by someone who knows little or nothing about horses ; 15.7 hands ? I do n't think so buddy . There are only FOUR inches in a hand for goodness sakes ! - The horses are supposed to be different , with different temperaments , speeds , riding difficulty and so on . but you know what ? Apart from colour , they 're all exactly the same , maybe some slightly slower than others , but that 's it.-You are given different details on what to feed the horse . But it 's always the same flat , grainy stuff you tip into the manger from 3 feet away.-You can only practise one of the five courses in-game , the others you have to exit to the menu.-You get the horses geneological table . One horse has an ancestor called ` Happy Cloud ' . Whah ? - The stable chores get VERY repetitive.-You get tasks set , you can either agree to do them or decline . Even if you agree , you do n't actually have to do them to advance.-Contins quotes such as ' I hope you have n't forgotten to feed your horse ? ' DUH ! - Refusals only come about if you misjudge distance or angle hugely . No problem with speed , or jumping it about a foot from the jump , or whatever . Sigh ... . Sometimes you can get over doubles in one jump.Good points : - For a while it is quite fun and great if you do n't own a horse , because you have to do all the chores and responsibilities.-Er ... COMPETITIONSFrankly , it is dull and boring . The graphics are bad , horses jump ten feet high and twice as long , though differing just when you do n't want it to . All you do is gallop around blotchy countryside , or build a repetitive course in blotchy countryside.DIAMOND MYSTERYThis is quite good , but I found I neede the website walkthrough to get some of the abstract and random clues . Nothing to do with horses , which somewhat annoyed me . Annie , your sister and the character played in the 2 other games , and formerly training to be an eventer and swedish american , now has a different voice , works in a diner and constantly says ` Tell me ! ` The mystery is neatly worked out though and the people are more convincing than in the LEGACY . The network of streets and buildings is quite complex and fun to look around and not all-american , which is pleasing.CONCLUSION
 First we have been unable to access the Legacy of Rosemond Hill part of the game , the answer from Value Soft being useless . The Competitions part of the software features lousy graphics , soft focus , and so far we have n't run through a game as you ca n't read anything to set up your track . We have loaded it on an older laptop and now our newer desktop and this is the first software that has n't worked on either computer.The limited instructions given are useless at this point . I had purchased the other Let 's Ride game for my daughter and it will be returned unopened . I really appreciate paying $ 25 for software that is this shoddy giving me the joys of a pouty kid who does n't understand why the game is n't working well .
 I HATE THIS GAME . IT IS VERY HIGHLY ANNOYING . IT TOOK ME FOREVER TO PICK UP A SADDLE OR A BRUSH TO BRUSH THE HORSE 'S HAIR , but on the way to the stable , guess what ? I get stuck in a wall ! My computer exeeds the requirements and I am just staring at the screen , pounding on my mouse trying to get my player out of the wall ! The `` 3-D '' images are just crappy . It 's like a play made out of cardboard props that are transparent that you can walk through . I do n't know if I have a faulty game or what . Then I try to ride the horse and we all get stuck in a bush or tree . The horse then loses all of it 's health and I am like , yelling at the computer . I am not really a horse rider myself , but this is probably not for beginners .
 I 'm not sure exactly were to begin with what 's wrong with this game so instead I 'll tell you what 's good . The graphics have a few small flaws but overall they 're not bad . The horses are supposed to have distinct personalities -LRB- different ai -RRB- but they do n't , in fact , they all have the exact same gentle temperament . The only difference between them is their speed , which is either slow or really slow . Having run the practice courses for HOURS trying to get the fastest time , I &#65533; ve only had the horse refuse when I misjudged the distance or angle . If only it were that easy in real life &#65533; In a way that 's a good thing because if they do n't go slow you ca n't make the impossibly tight turns the show jumping requires . That of course raises another problem , you have to slow down to jump but you need the overall fastest time -LRB- without penalties -RRB- to win the event . Your in game rival has a catch-22 in show jumping -LRB- it 's easy to beat the steeplechase and cross country -RRB- . If you get 5 penalty points her time is 40 seconds . If you get 22 seconds -LRB- no penalties -RRB- she 's got 19 secs . The actual competition is set up so you can take second or third in one event and still win first . For instance
 People do n't need to bash this game so much . Yes it has it 's flaws , but it 's a cheep quality game , so that 's what you expect ! Seriously , I highly doubt the designers intended it to be a best seller . So of course , it has it 's flaws . Get used to it.I 'm tried of hearing kids go `` I ride horses and real life blah blah blah '' whatever , anyone who reviews like that is just looking for a chance to brag . Almost anyone I know who would buy a game like this rides horses or has their own , I do too ! But I 'm not going to throw my real life expeirence into the game just to bash it . It obvious that these people know nothing about video games ... rarley ever are simulators true to what they 're trying to portray . OMG !!! LIKE , on the SIMS !!! It 's so crappy and unrealistic ! I do n't go to school everyday and I can like , do stuff that they ca n't do . Well , you know what ? I 'm also not 3 inches tall and made of polygons !! It 's called a game for a reason.That being said , the game has it 's good points ... Yes the wheelbarrow thing is a pain in the @ $ $ . Especailly if you 're too close to the door when it closes , it will knock you into the neighboring stall and you 'll get stuck . But it goes with he quality of the game . It was n't designed to be a best seller.And I get tired of walking back and forth to put the tools back , but oh well . The good points of the game makes up for it . True , Melissa is overly mean and John is ugly -LRB- and gay I 'd bet -RRB- and overly nice , but who cares !? it 's still pretty neat how you get to take care of the horses ... I like how they tried to make it as realistic as a sim would allow.I think though , that it was way to short . They could have added some other elements , like breeding.The only thing I 'm really ticked about is the way the competetions are . In my game , I 'm convinced it 's impossible to beat Melissa . I saw where one person said they 've beat her every time . We 'll , I 'd like to know how ! I swear I 've done everything I possible can in the comeptetions and no matter what , she always comes out first . I 've been constantly beating my own top scores , and each time I score lower , she does too ! There 's 20 seconds between me and the third place person ! When I was getting that speed , so was Melissa . Take the first jumping competition . I make 30 secs ... she does 28 . I make 29 , she does 27 , I do 28 , and she makes 26 !! I have no penalties what so ever , but it 's plain to see that her score is affected by mine each time . Or else she would n't be getting lower and lower ... she 'd be doing the same.I 'm cutting all the corners , running my horse into the ground practically . So whoever can beat her , e-mail me at jessica.pearson@earthlink.net cause the way it is now , I 'm thinking my game is rigged .
 Besides the bad graphics this game would be tons of fun but it always crashes . The horse heights are all wrong , the horses do n't have different personalities or anything like it says , and it gets tedious and boring trying to get to the next competition in Legacy . The Competitions part is n't even worth installing . You do n't really get to build your own jumping course . The steeplechasing in the game is just basically like a cross country course only they called it steeplechasing . It 's incredibly hard to turn the horse towards the jumps in show jumping and sometimes the game skips a few frames and your horse ends up knocking down all the rails . Cleaning out the stalls is pretty hard because they made the door going out to the place you have to take the stuff really narrow . Overall the game just is n't even worth buying , I 'm lucky I got it really cheap on sale a couple years back .
 This game had really bad graphics and some things you could not understand and it was to easy it had no challenges at all I would never let anybody play this game at my house !
 only one out of the 3 games is worth while . the legacy of rosemond hill is lots o fun , but i always get stuck in a wall or something like that . competitions at rosemond hill is just plain dumb . dont play it . too many gliches . and whats with the mystery game ? the game pack is called `` lets ride '' and there are no horses in the mystery one . its dumb . and also its not too hard to have dressage because the `` lets ride champion collection '' has dressage . i ca n't really complain though b/c jumping beats dressage any day . overall the games are okay but there are way too many gliches . happy riding .
 My sister got this game for her birthday . I always `` test out '' her games before she plays them , and this one was the most disapointing one she has ever received . I viewed the tutorial . I red the manual all the way through . Did that help me ? No!First of all , these people odviously ca n't count . It says on the package
 This game got so boring because I ca n't get into Western Championship.I 've practiced all of the things I needed to practiceon and I still ca n't get to it.John does n't help.I 'm not going toplay this game any more if I ca n't get any help . The other reviews do n't help.I ' f you write a letter to the people that made this game thay wo n't help you.I hate this game but I would like it if I had help on it . The way thay say the horses act thay do n't act that way.You ca n't give them any water.Thay said it is the best riding game when it 's not.When Annie canters on the horse she leans forword and your not suppose to because that will only make the horse go faster and I should know that because I take horse lessons . So do n't waste your money on this game because it 's dumb .
 This game is really confuseing ! The only thing it lets me do is see the anamated clip thing . After that is says things like `` Draw index error '' and wont let me go any further .
 only one out of the 3 games is worth while . the legacy of rosemond hill is lots o fun , but i always get stuck in a wall or something like that . competitions at rosemond hill is just plain dumb . dont play it . too many gliches . and whats with the mystery game ? the game pack is called `` lets ride '' and there are no horses in the mystery one . its dumb . and also its not too hard to have dressage because the `` lets ride champion collection '' has dressage . i ca n't really complain though b/c jumping beats dressage any day . overall the games are okay but there are way too many gliches . happy riding .
 I decided to get this game because it looked like it would be entertaining for at least a short amount of time . I was wrong ! I do n't think I have ever found a worse way to spend 10 dollars . This game takes FOREVER to load , for one thing . At first I thought my computer had frozen , and I restarted it several times but finally just let it sit and it finally loaded . I was at first hopeful because of the nice introductory video clip , which has great animation , but was bitterly disappointed . The character is IMPOSSIBLE to control and she kept spinning in circles when I wanted her to go straight . The horses are very difficult to direct , as well , and on the jump courses they run around out of control and it is near impossible to get them straight enough long enough to take a fence . Navigation is near impossible . I kept getting lost in the stable and the pitiful wanna-be graphics are PREPOSTEROUS ! Half of the time all of the colours would go white , making it VERY difficult to see ANYTHING , and I kept having to go back to the title page to get the graphics coloured again , so that I could see them . The game is RIDICULOUS . DO NOT buy it , I garuantee you will be disappointed .
 I bought this game for my daughter and it will not run properly on any newer gaming machines with XP , even when you try to run it in compatibility mode . The graphics are absolutely terrible and pixelated .
 The graphics are n't that bad , the video is n't bad either , but like what everyone said before , this game has stuff that makes no sense . Like the developers left out the little details.For example , for the tasks , one person will ask you to clean out `` Comet 's stall '' but the person never says which of the , what , maybe 10 stall stable is Comet 's . Same with being asked to take someone else 's horse to pasture . . I later noticed his horse looked the same as the horse I chose on the second level . So many gliches as well . For example , it wo n't let me let go of the horse , or let me put the horse in its stall , drives me nuts ! Its ashamed because the game has so much potential . It just needs to be more user friendly and logical .
 The System Tech Xp software is a total trash . I am not sure who wrote the previous review ? The software does not work . After reaching technical support I was told to download a new version . That new version was frozen and it never worked except for defragmentation of the hard disk , which can be done for free from Accessories -- > System tools . Companies like that should not exist . I send them since four e-mails and no response .
 First of all
 Punch Super Home Suite loaded easily and it was quick to learn to use . The help menu tells you which items to select but does not tell which pull-down menu to select them from ! `` Undo '' is NEVER available.The `` Fly-around '' tool does not work like the instructions say , does not work at all if you draw the house close to the edge of the lot , and works differently each time . If this feature worked , Punch would at least be useful for previewing interior and exterior decorating results and furniture placement.If you are trying to do anything out of the ordinary -LRB- which is probably why you are looking at the software -RRB- , Punch will just frustrate and annoy you . A `` 3-D Furniture Workshop '' provides only a few basic furnishings and appliances . The library does not include basic fixtures such as toiltes , bathtubs , etc. . The `` CAD Tool '' has an oval which only draws as a circle!The Home Estimator feature is a VERY basic spreadsheet which misses part of the house when calcualting square footage . It does not do a complete materials takeoff.The Auto Framer feature just provides a rough 3-D . bmp image to show what the framing will look like . It does not provide any useful drawings or dimensions.When you print the 2-D floor plan , the first floor and second floor print superimposed ... it is not possible to tell which walls are on each floor.This is not serious software , and is not ready for publishing.I will go back to the drawing board with an architect 's scale and graph paper . There is a small medallion on the package which says `` 90 Money Back Guarantee '' I 'm going to try it but am not holding my breath !
 Although not difficult to navigate and operate , I was very dissapointed to find that this product does not generate a material list ! Also , this product does not have the ability to create any foundation plan.Some basic `` Important Features '' somebody did n't think was needed.Now I 'm stuck with software I cant use.Kind of like buying a car without a steering wheel !!!
 I do not recommend this software to ANYONE !! I was never able to see the interior of my design . The fly around view would never work properly . Then when I was able to view portions , my screen would start flipping out . I guess the software did n't like me as much as I did n't like it . The drop down menus are very easy to read and understand , but applying them to what I was trying to build was the difficult part . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!
 As other reviewers have stated , this software has some real issues . Some research indicates that the software engine is about 5 years old , which could explain a lot . It does not conform to basic Windows API standards . Things like undo do not work . Selecting objects can be frustrating , if you have several close together -LRB- Corel solves this by using the tab key to sequentially select objects -RRB- . But my biggest complaints are the topography tool , which works in a bizarre fashion , and the help files , which are no help at all.On the plus side , I was able to make a reasonable drawing of my house , so that I could envision an addition . But trying to get the lay of the land right was impossible . So for pretty cheap , you can do basic drawing and planning . I give it the ` high ' rating of 2 stars because it 's cheap . But you do n't get what you do n't pay for . Spend more on something else and save yourself the hassle .
 Wanting to design and build a backyard deck I was looking for home deck design software . The box inidicates that the software includes `` Ulitimate Deck '' and AutoFraming . However , after using the software and checking with support it turns out that neither the `` Ulitimate Deck '' or AutoFraming features will provide a design from which you can use to actually construct a deck , e.g. , no footings , joists , etc. . .
 Wow , I should have read the review first ... like everyone . But the box makes it sound so simple . I can not even begin to list my complaints about it but I will say that I only bought it to redesign my fireplace . The box shows fireplaces but I could n't figure out how to insert one . And getting the little man into the room was like playing an impossible video game with the energizer bunny on speed . Ridiculous . But I will return this product for a refund . What junk !
 I should have read the reviews ! All I wanted to do was enter the dimensions of my house , my kitchen in particular , and work on rearranging things . Fat chance ! The hours of my time I have wasted on this would have been much better spent at work , earning money to pay a professional ! 45100 - PUNCH ! SUPER HOME SUITE SM BOX CAN VERSION
 I am planning a major kitchen remodel . Unfortunately I discovered that my daughter had managed to break the CD to our Sierra Home Architect . I bought this Punch product hoping it would work similiarally . I was unempressed with the kitchen item selection and still ca n't walk through my design . The fly over is just a little better . Objects take a very long time to appear on the floorplan.I will be offering my copy for sale as one of the used ones . I know it is wishful thinking that someone will take the product off my hands after reading this review .
 This is the most frustrating software I 've ever used . I would like to Punch ! the programmer . I 've used older versions of 3DHome Architect and loved them . I have completely renovated my home using 3D and have added a sunroom with it . I could never completely grasp the stairs feature or roof features . Very confusing . I purchased Punch ! because I loaned the 3D program to someone else and did n't get it back and thought I would give this one a try . I am pretty adept at figuring out software , but I really felt angry and frustrated with this program to the point of wanting to seriously throw my whole computer out the window or beat it senseless with a large hammer . If you are looking for a good design program , this IS NOT IT . The reviews for the lastest 3DHome Architect do n't sound good either , so I am going to try to return this stupid thing and get Home and Garden 's version . I hope this is helpful .
 This is totally useless , there is no way you can ever do something with this , much less be productive with it . Bought it to create a plan to renovate my kitchen , and never made it pass the walls.If you can make a review with no stars -LRB- 0 -RRB- this will be the perfect candidate.I 'm running to return this , hope to get my money back !
 If you want to pay to be able to haphazardly place a few `` walls '' and take a `` helicopter '' ride around them , then this is the program for you ! If you actually want to design a home floor plan with accurate dimensions , it is impossible to accomplish ! Just getting the wall to end at an exact number -LRB- such as 96 '' for example -RRB- is impossible ... which means you ca n't design anything ... if it ca n't do the most simple and basic operation necessary to design a floor plan , then it is literally nothing more than a horrible toy program to laugh at as you spin your helicopter view in circles around walls that can not to made accurate or even lined up properly ! The box has excellent marketing on it , but it fails to live up to any of the `` dreamed '' up marketing ploys ! This product is absolute trash ... you wo n't use it , because it 's impossible to ! Thank you amazon for having reviews on products , and actually keeping them up so people can make wiser purchases ! Amazon has saved me on several occasions when I went to purchase a product and found what people thought of it first . The reviews on amazon are one of the best consumer protection tools ever developed - I highly suggest you read them before purchasing any product . I bought this particular program at one of the big box stores of the shelf on a shopping whim ... big mistake !
 This game is a little too simple and did not hold the attention of my 4 year old daughter . The games are like pong and tetris and not interactive with the care bears at all .
 Do n't buy this or anything from this company -LRB- Macware -RRB- , you will never get any support or update.They just cheat people with old version , and you ca n't get any support.We have profs about what we are saying , it 's bad and sad that some company dos work like this.Just find the original author , there you will get update and support .
 Quite simply - the program does not work ! Neither the manufacture nor Amazon were of much help resolving this problem . UHG !
 First , let me state that the personal tax preparation program is great . I would give it five stars . My personal taxes are complicated and yet the program still was easy and intuitive -LRB- my 2006 return was close to 100 pages , including 5 partnerships , a sole proprietorship , rental real estate , interest or dividends from 10 accounts , and hundreds of stock transactions -RRB- . That being said , I bought this program so that I could do my LLC -LRB- partnership tax return -RRB- return as well as my individual return . The business program was separate . It crashed multiple times -LRB- over 12 times total -RRB- . The radio buttons did n't even line up with their descriptions , so it was hard even to complete the interview . Also , it would have been nice if the program explained how to deal with startup expenses -LRB- which , by the way , not even the IRS could explain to me ; I had to go out and find an enrolled agent who told me how to deal with them -RRB- . Doing my return should have been easy -- my LLC is a simple business with no inventory and cash accounting . But Tax Cut Business turned it into an ordeal .
 Have used taxcut premium for many years . With a new small business moved to taxcut home and business . Very disappointed to discover that Taxcut Home & Business will not import last years data from Taxcut Premium . I expect products from the same vendor to have seamless transition . After all this was not a switch to Turbo Tax . I 'm sure it 's a great program but who wants to manually reenter all their information . Will drop back to Taxcut Premium and will not use Home & Business this year or again .
 Do not use Taxcut if you live in New Jersey and are expecting an Earned Income Credit . Bugs in the software mistakenly grant you this credit and file an erroneous return . The State disallows the credit Taxcut gave you , resulting in a bill from the state for the balance . NJ allows the credit only for total incomes of less than $ 20,000 . You may file expecting a refund and end up owing more tax . Unforgivable from a company of `` Tax Professionals '' like H&R Block .
 I purchased Taxcut Business 2006 because I have several 1041 's to file for some trusts my family has . Unfortunately the program turned out to be defective as it would not install on my computer because I only have a hard drive designated as F . There is no C hard drive on my computer . This is the first program that I have ever had a problem with . As it is supposed to be a business program it would not seem unreasonable that a business computer may have several hard drives and it may be desired to install the program on something other than C . After calling , and a lot of waiting , the technical support many times no one at TaxCut seemed to be able to offer a solution . Several times they said they would call back but after 3 weeks no one has . I also sent several e-mail messages to their technical support but never got anything back except a standard canned message . If the inside of the program is as bad as the installation seems to be I now have missgivings about using this program . On the basis of my experience I would recommend not buying TaxCut - go to Turbotax or something . It may cost a little more but would probably be more dependable .
 Get a more language specific set of CD 's . This is rather boring , it teaches basically 85 words and phrases in each language . They have characters say the words for you , but pronunciation is hard to mimic because they did not actually video tape the people saying the words . They video taped them in English , and then dub the sound over . You can not tell where your lips are supposed to be , where your tongue should be or anything helpful for correct pronunciation . You do not learn how to order anything or conduct business . You learn `` Where is the bank ? '' and `` Where are the suitcases ? '' From there you could probably substitute other vocabulary words , but there are no activities in which you are asked to do so . There are no sentence formation activities . The only thing this is good for is a tiny collection of vocabulary with generic pronunciation instruction . If you have never heard a language before , it gives you something at least .
 This is a good program if you are going to a foreign country and would like to know a few words . But , each language is very limited . There is words like Thank you , you 're welcome , yes , no , etc. . I would reccomend this program for people who like to explore new languages , like me . But do n't plan on learning a new language with this program . I suggest getting a book or a program that teaches just the language you would like to learn . But , not a bad price for just $ 20 .
 Rather weak . The product does not include the foreign words written in English letters , so that it 's difficult to tell what they 're saying . And the overdubbed models speaking the words are of no benefit whatsoever . Neither does the program help you build a useful traveler 's vocabulary . Overall , a poorly designed product .
 I have checked my PC requirements , and we have determined that it is NOT my PC that has the problem . I received this program as a Christmas gift and several of the more `` rare '' languages are completely faulty . Welsh , for instance , is completely botched . The clips for the woman 's voice were mixed with half of a man 's voice ... or else they flat out did n't work . Many of the sound clips are just complete junk . I thought it may just be a faulty copy , so I took it to the store and exchanged it for another copy . It messed up on the exact same parts as the other copy did ?!?! It 's so strange because everything else worked , and I 'm running an up-to-date version of XP , so there is no reason why this would n't run . Of course the more basic , languages like Spanish , Japanese , French worked just fine . But come on , let 's face it , I did n't want it for the common languages !! I thought it would be more fun to hear some of the unusual ones like Swahili and all that . Only to find out that they did n't even load proper sound clips ??? I was bummed . I was n't expecting anything too thorough because there were soooo many languages , but I at least expected the darn thing to work !! It seems very cheaply made and thrown together . Do n't waste your time with this one .
 I bought this application thinking it would teach me just the basic phrases I would need as a business traveler or as a tourist . It does not even give you the bare minimum you would need to know when visiting a foreign country.You do n't even learn how to ask for the price of something , what time of day it is , or how to count beyond three . I would like to devote more time to a more insightful review , but I 'd say its not even worth the effort . Trust me , this is a big waste of your money and more importantly your time .
 I bought a copy of this product , knowing full well that it would give the user a taste of each language . However , imagine my surprise when I listened to 3 of the languages and the CD was screwed up -- slurred phrases , jumps and skips . I speak a bit of Welsh and when I listened to that language it was faulty as described . I returned it for a refund .
 I got this because I was told that Instant Immersion CDs were good . I guess they mean the ones that just teach 1 language . This was absolutely horrible . Looking back , I would not pay $ 1 for this . It teachs you a few words in each language . If it 's a language that does n't use the English alphabet , you ca n't look at the word to sound it out . The people are n't actually saying the words , so you ca n't watch their lips . -LRB- They 're just opening & closing their mouths . -RRB- You ca n't slow it down to hear it better.This was not even as good as some free web sites that I 've found.Worthless .
 This software is So-So . Face it who has all day to take a history ... and all day is what it would take if you try to use this . Just suck it up and go take a night class . This software was no help to me . . Maybe I will buy the tapes .
 Do n't buy this or anything from this company -LRB- Macware -RRB- , you will never get any support or update.They just cheat people with old version , and you ca n't get any support.We have profs about what we are saying , it 's bad and sad that some company dos work like this.Just find the original author , there you will get update and support .
 Some say Corel 11 has less bugs then the version before . Do not belive that lie ! I am using it since 7 days and it has many bugs : - it still hangs on sometimes - there is a copy and paste bug . If u have a file open for a while Corel `` forgets '' how to copy . U can try but it doesnt work in Corel -LRB- all other programs still can copy - only in Corel ca n't -RRB- . - I am using a 1.8 Ghz machine and it seems to be mutch too slow!Its usefull , but do n't spend money for upgrading to corel 11 !
 From the uninspiring package -LRB- I wonder if this package was designed with Adobe Illustrator just like CorelDRAW 10 's was ? -RRB- to the clunky performance , CorelDRAW 11 just does n't impress . Sure it 's got lots of clipart , but this does not make up for the poor text handling , humungous file sizes , and the ever-so-slow speed -LRB- redraw times are particulary snail-like -RRB- . Plus , it crashes a little too much for my liking.Bottom line is , industry-standard Adobe still does everything better than Corel , so why bother adopting a new learning curve for inferior results ?
 I bought this to convert some . AVI and . MOV files so I could try video podcasting with a web multimedia class I teach . I 've done this successfully with a shareware product , but thought the resulting video could be a little sharper , so I was willing to pay for and try a commerical product . -LRB- Pinnacle , right ? They do a lot of this stuff , they must know what they 're doing ... -RRB- HA !!!! HUGE mistake . The interface is horrible , and the conversion just-plain-sucks . Everything came out in flouescent colors with huge blocks covering the screen . Totally , completely unwatchable . It looks like a 60s psychedellic experience , like `` motion art , '' not like a proper video at all . Avoid this product !!!
 L & H filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in December 2000 . Their products are usually good , and their people do their best to support them . The algorithms are sound .
 On the plus side , the program is easy to use ; kids will love it . On the negative side , I have compatibility problems . It worked on my first webcam , but not my new one . There is a Visual Communicator software update , but it did not fix my problem . The best technical support could do was suggest I update my video card driver , which had no effect . I never could get it to work on a laptop , it continually crashes . I did install it on another computer , which works better , but the video is still out of synch with the audio .
 I wish I could say that I was not typing this review , but rather dictating it . I have no clue how this product really performs , because I just found out from L&H technical support that the mic they provide does not work with laptops PC 's . I am told that I need to purchase a USB mic that will cost an other $ 50.00 , which they do not mention in their documentation . I am sure that this will hold true on all Voice Recognition products and not just L&H , but they should have been upfront with as customers . So , If you are thinking of purchasing this product make sure you purchase a USB mic that will not get interference from you laptop . I will write a follow up if I decide to get the other mic .
 I am sorry to say that I found this item totally useless . I think it is a waste of time and money .
 I installed it and immediately had issues reconnecting an Ethernet bridge to my wireless router . I was also unable to login to work over a VPN connection after the install . I had to uninstall the software in order to connect things back up.The documentation was beyond my understanding .
 For some reason my 3 Gateway XP Pro - Media Center PC 's will NOT network so I bought this to solve my problem ... NOT ! So much for networking from my internet PC to the HT PC to my 3 month old UNUSED ! 42 inch Plasma screen . For the 50 bucks I spent on this Soft -LRB- Limp -RRB- ware I could have bought binoculars to watch my neighbors tv . Ah the joys of the high tech age ...
 I paid $ 59.99 for this and by the time I realized that it was `` discontinued '' I had already opened it and so could n't return it . An inquiry to the manufacturer about upgrading to the current release brought the following sad response . I got suckered on this . In the future I will be more careful to read the fine print . `` Please advise the cost of upgrading my version 1 Printshop to version 2 . They responded : Your cost will be $ 39.95 plus $ 5.95 fee for shipping and handling.Customer ServiceSoftware MacKiev `` If J&R ; Music and Computer World and Amazon had any sensitivity to customer satisfaction , they would give me a refund on this . As it stands I am stuck with a discontined-obsolete product .
 I believe the product does not function as advertised . In my experience , customer support was non-existent .
 The only thing nice about this software is the box . It is very colorful and sturdy . The software in it is so bad it 's criminal . As a matter of fact the maker of the software , -LRB- the debt collector himself -RRB- has been charged with fraud and has had many lawsuits filed against him . Stay away , pure junk . Do n't believe me , do a google search for Marauder Fraud .
 Save your money ... The only thing good about Bill Collector in a box is ... Still trying to figure it out ... It 's been two days and I 'm still waiting on Tech Support to give me a call . Should have used collectors max
 I bought this for my six year old son who has thoroughly enjoyed the Reader Rabbit series since they have flexibility built in . This software is so rigid that he lost interest in about 10 minutes and announced that we could give it away.It is not fun .
 If you are used to Adobe After Effects , then be prepared for a rude surprise . The interface for Motion is nothing like that of AE . If you are used to Discreet products such as * flame , * flint , * effect or * edit , then it will make more sense . I am running it on a dual 2ghz G5 w/3GB of RAM and it is still not `` real time '' enough for my liking . Take it for a test drive before purchasing if you can.Be warned !
 If your tax return goes through without a problem , TurboTax might be okay . Yet , if there is a problem , TurboTax 's approach to customer service is to give you the run-around ad nauseam until you get the message that TurboTax does not care no matter how serious the situation is . Here is the synopsis of my situation : I received a letter from IRS recently that it has never received my 2003 tax returns . Of course , I was very surprised and concerned . After some investigation , it turns out that my 2003 returns that I had filed via TurboTax never reached IRS either because of my fault or TurboTax 's . So I set out to write a letter to IRS explaining the situation with a hard-copy of my 2003 returns that I printed from my past returns section of TurboTax . The IRS agent told me that I would also need an email/letter from TurboTax stating the date stamp on the initial filing of my return to prove that it was a genuine mistake so that I would hopefully not be charged the approximately $ 5,400 late penalties that IRS was asking for.I had five phone conversations -LRB- in the past ten days -RRB- with TurboTax customer service representatives , each lasting at least two hours -LRB- I am documenting the reference numbers below to illustrate my claims -RRB- . At the end , it became clear to me TurboTax was not willing to give me any documentation on my initial filing , leaving me scratching my head thinking what to do . I am now contacting FTC and BBB , as well as IRS , communicating TurboTax 's refusal to help one of its customers.In short , I had used TurboTax a number of times , but after this experience -LRB- seeing how significant the downside is of a possible glitch in the filing system and seeing how TurboTax is not willing to help its customer whatsoever -RRB- , I have vowed never to use TurboTax or any other Intuit product again.Aforementioned Reference Numbers -------------------------------- 070214-013263070214-013429070214-014753070214-015133070221-008866
 I have used Turbo Tax for the last 6 or 7 years and have always thought it was okay , better than hunting down the forms and inexpensive . Anyone with a bit of tax knowledge , straight forward situations could use it and it has been handy for certain tax updates.I had to buy this more expensive version to get both the Schedule C and 1040 info that used to be on the Deluxe . Not only did I pay more -LRB- although Amazon was cheaper than the Turbo Tax home site by $ 20.00 -RRB- , it was not nearly as straight forward to use and did not catch in the error check a couple of descrepancies I had entered.If I was not used to preparing my own taxes I would have missed them . It is useful to pull the prior year forward and be able to compare with the current year 's data side by side.In this version it was also difficult to separate out my 2007 self employment estimated taxes from my projected employee income so I kept getting ridiculous estimated tax deposits . I finally said forget it and figured it out manually.Perhaps the standard home version is easier . This one might have been if I only had self employment but the combo of different kinds of activity threw the software off more than in previous years.I do not need to use the state tax part of the module so have no opinion there.Turbo certainly puts a lot of energy into selling `` extras '' though.It 's annoying to have to actively keep saying no I do n't want something because the default is to buy it . Do n't count on any support without paying extra.If I could I would have given this software 2.5 stars slightly better than 2 . I 'm not so sure what I 'll do next year . Maybe I 'll just download forms from the IRS site .
 This is sold as a comprehensive tax program for Home AND Business , but it 's not . TurboTax authors need to look into what kind of setups comprise most small businesses these days . The only additional business form they include is Schedule C -LRB- which is mostly only used by the absolutely smallest businesses out there -RRB- . Other then that , this is just the same as the basic TurboTax program . If your business is partnership or small corporation , there is nothing here for you . To call this a business program is kind of misleading advertising . I got stung once , but it wo n't happen again.Back when Intuit still did MacInTax , it was a pretty good program and I 'm not exactly sure why they dropped the support for partnerships & corporate tax returns . It does n't seem like it would be that big a deal to import these few additional forms.Unfortunately , if you use a Mac , there are really no other options . If there were , I 'd jump ship in a second . What I end up doing is buy the basic TurboTax program -LRB- at half the price of Turbotax for Home & Business -RRB- for my personal income tax . For business , I still have to get the partnership forms from the IRS and do it the old fashioned way . I can then import the business K-1 's into the personal TurboTax -LRB- and save a bit of money -RRB- , but it seems an overly wanky way to do this . If Intuit wants to call this a Business package , they have a long way to go .
 WARNING
 You buy it once for $ 90 and then next year you have to do the same thing , another $ 90 . I do n't know how much money you end up saving .
 2006 was my double state year . 6 months in one state and 6 months in another state . It was a good test of TurboTax 's software . While most of the software seems to be quite good , but in some places they do n't explain well what they mean.The good : - Paid over $ 140 for the software and extra e-filing fees instead of spending a little bit or much more with a tax specialist . - Using TurboTax I polished my tax return to almost perfect , except that I was unable to claim home office because of software problems . - E-filing went well and it was accepted by IRS.The not so good : - Error Check feature needs improvement - Problems removing certain parts of the return after the software failed to do it correctly - Was unable to make correction for one of the state returns . As a result had to erase everything and do it from scratch again . - Because of problems in the software and long waiting hours to get support , it took me a week instead of 2 days - While trying to claim home office TurboTax assigned a mortgage lender to my cash-purchased house in another state where I moved to . Explaining
 If ths following is your idea of good product support , then by all means , purchase Turbo Tax . While using the software , I had no idea that this limitation to Turbo Tax existed . As for me , my next purchase will be Tax Cut.The only provision for claiming excess railroad retirement tax on Form 1040 is for tier 1 withholding . The excess can be derived from a combination of railroad employers or in connection with a railroad and non-railroad employer . The program does properly record the excess of the tier 1 tax on line 67 Form 1040 as a credit against income taxes . It does nothing with the tier 2 excess tax . This must claimed separately , as you noted in your email , on form 843 which is not supported by the Turbo Tax software.The software 's help does contain information regarding tier 1 and 2 railroad retirement withholding . The help clearly indicates that only tier 1 may be claimed as a credit against current year income taxes . It goes on to state , `` You can not claim a refund for excess tier 2 RRTA tax on Form 1040 . Instead use Form 843 . ''
 This is the fifth year I have purchased turbo tax and I have to agree with the previous reviews listed . Last years Turbo tax was easy to use and reliable . The 2007 version is anything but in my experience . I have been struggling with this program for three solid days and it has more bugs than a large Ant pile . I have 25 years in the computer industry so I know it is not my computer and there are no other issues with other programs . Examples of problems are
 I began by entering my information on the first section of the program . I was filing a late 2006 return due Oct 15 2007 . Then I saved it , but I could n`t get it back when I was ready to begin again . I said heck with it and did the taxes the old long hand method . Does someone want to send me a 2007 turbo tax personal and business state and federal program in compensation ? Dave Barnett , OLema CA 94950
 I give TurboTax only 2 stars . Turbotax is an expense , not a money-saving device . I used TurboTax for the first time after always doing everything by hand for personal and small business . I do not plan to purchase it again next year . The software cost $ 80.00 for one year 's taxes -LRB- subtract one star for high price -RRB- . Then you are expected to pay $ 15.00 or so to file electronically -LRB- subtract 2 stars for ripoff service -RRB- . I am pre-paying each year in excess by less than 1 % , so I think that the interest that I lose on pre-payed taxes is less than Turbotax and e-file costs . I just printed my return and mailed it . Turbotax perhaps simplifies data entry somewhat , but by the time you review all of the thousands of questions and options that it provides , you can be finished with your hand calculations . Perhaps you can save some time in subsequent years and maybe you can improve accuracy of data filing , but Turbotax did not perform any special calculations or identify anything surprising and it certainly did not save me any money - Turbotax is an expense . I do not think that it saved me any time in doing my taxes this year and I am not going to pay $ 80.00 annually to update it even if it is a legitimate deductable business expense . As near as I can tell TurboTax is useful for someone who is impatient , can not read carefully , or is too lazy to just go to the IRS website , read the material , and perform the simple calculations and book-keeping necessary to file taxes .
 Has anyone tried importing data from QuickBooks to TurboTax ? That dog wont hunt .
 thought it was difficult to understand and enter correct info especially for the home business section . Its not for the person who just starts a home business and wants to use to do their taxes .
 For anyone who lives in Guam and has self employment income - do n't buy this product ! It does not have the capability to produce a 1040 SS . So I wasted my time and money only to have to either do it myself or pay more money to a tax preparer .
 I purchased Turbo Tax after reading the reviews here ... someone had mentioned a glitch , but someone else mentioned a work around.Bottom line , if you can sit down with all your records and do the whole turbo tax from start to finish in one swoop , you 're fine.But if you need to start and stop while completing the schedule 2 business aspects of your tax return , get ready for a huge problem ... it does n't let you back in ! I went to their website where they had both a work around , and a report that if you update your turbo tax -LRB- very easy -RRB- the glitch will be fixed . Not so , it did nothing for me . Then I tried the workarounds ... I got back in once but the next time I tried to use the work around a few days later , it did not work.I ended up having to call an accountant 1 week before the 17th and thank goodness I was able to get an appointment.Also , if you have a business and do n't understand some of the tax workings , like depreciation , it is very difficult to translate your former accountant 's previous year 's work into the new turbotax . It 's not set up that way , so you need to know what you 're doing . I have a college degree and a lot of stick-to-it-ness , but I could not figure out and be sure that I was entering things correctly . And then , it did n't matter anyway , as I could n't get in to change anything in the end.Finally , make sure you save , save , save as you go ! While doing my turbo tax and having spent a couple of hours already , I logged into their website to get some support . When I `` X `` ed out of the internet page , it closed my turbotax screen that I 'd opened on my computer . Guess what ? It was all lost and I had to start from the beginning . That was before I was even impacted by the `` glitch '' later . This program does not remind you to save when you close , or ask you if you want to save , so be sure and save all the time!So , good luck to anyone who tries this . For me , it was a huge disappointment and I am returning it to Amazon for a refund due to the glitch . I honestly do n't know how they can sell something with such an obvious problem .
 Great software it gets to everything for you in a very ease of use processTurbotax Home & Bus TY06 with St No Backorders for This Item . Why the 2 stars ? Well I used home and business for tax year 2006 for $ 80.00 . Then they charge you 16.95 for each return -LRB- state and Federal -RRB- . Well after paying those charges totaling $ 33.90 they give you this nice option of having them deduct the $ 33.90 from your return instead of using a credit card . Like a sucker I picked that option only to learn that for this process they charge you $ 29.99 to deduct $ 33.90 from your return.So total cost was $ 80.00 for the product $ 33.90 to e-file $ 29.99 to deduct the e-file fee from my returnTotal 143.89 that was to do the taxes myself ... No thanks
 Turbo Tax is fine . The linking into Quickbooks Pro -LRB- QBP -RRB- is limited to only the most recent 2 versions of QBP . So if you have an older version -LRB- older than 2005 -RRB- you have to buy the new QBP to have Turbo Tax lift the data out of QB . Now Intuit will only sell a new version of 2007 - NO MORE UNGRADES . `` For the consumer '' they will tell you . BS , I will be changing accounting platforms as soon as I can find a replacement . This is the problem with software oligolopies ! An Open Source replacement is much needed for both Tax prep and accounting .
 Turbotax is okay if you only have a 1040A to file , but anything beyond that it quickly becomes a real pain in the nether region . Not only that , but if you have complications with trying to file , good luck.It looks as though I will have to pay to have my estate taxes filed . Ttax is worthless .
 There is an important difference when buying software over the counter
 I bought this copy of XP since I had used it on another computer but did not find out until I got on to the Internet 2 years later that this was a pirated copy . And I called Microsoft and explained my situation and they said they were sorry but it was pirated and there was nothing I could do but buy a good copy.I am writing this just to let everyone know that sometimes what looks good is n't
 December 13 , 2008By James Smith `` The Truth `` Beware my my friends of old -LRB- Xp Professional 2002 oem -RRB- copies of bogus software being sold on Amazon . By the likes of PBJWorld . Not only that , they let him lie and claim it was unopened . I purchased a copy and found it had a fake key . It was made by a key generator . They want me to return it to the guy who sold it to me . Mircosoft now has the case . Gave them what they needed to go forward . He want me to return it , to make it disappear , I would guess this to be so . By the way he refuses to deal with me . Shame on Amazon too , for letting this guy sell bogus software.Buy for only those you know . Amazon will not back you UP ! I for one will not ever shop on Amazon again . Burned by this . Never NEVER AGAIN . They lost me as a customer . Amazon make false statements that they care . They do not . I have not made false statements ' . Pbjworld sold me a copy of Xp Professional that was not what they claimed . It had been opened , used and packaged with a fake key . Beware buyers of this site ' . Trust only those you know and no site that gets 5 stars from most buyers . No one that perfect . Amazon customer service sucks . There is no real support .
 This disc did n't work on install and when I called microsoft they said it was actually a copy that I would have to call puerto rican tech support for . They said that the options were a -RRB- it was pirated or b -RRB- I 'd have to pay a per minute fee to try and work through the problem so I just returned it , very disappointed with Amazon .
 Beware my my friends of old -LRB- Xp Professional 2002 oem -RRB- copies of bogus software being sold on Amazon . By the likes of PBJWorld . Not only that , they let him lie and claim it was unopened . I purchased a copy and found it had a fake key . It was made by a key generater . They want me to return it to the guy who sold it to me . Mircosoft now has the case . Gave them what they needed to go forward . He want me to return it , to make it disappear , I would guess this to be so . By the way he refuses to deal with me . Shame on Amazon too , for letting this guy sell bogus software.Buy for only those you know . Amazon will not back you UP ! Ifor one will not ever shop on Amazon again . Burned by this . Never NEVER AGAIN . They lost me as a customer . Amazon make false statements that they care . They do not . I have not made false statements ' . Pbjworld sold me a copy of Xp Professional that was not what they claimed . It had been opened , used and packaged with a fake key . Beware buyers of this site ' . Trust only those you know and no site that gets 5 stars from most buyers . No one that perfect . Amazon customer service sucks . There is no real support .
 To All Beware : Microsoft end of support date is just 602 days away from the date of this posting . What this means is that there will be no more security updates for this platform and or fixes . If you are wanting to install a new system to a computer , I would recommend Windows 7 . Or if you can wait for a couples of months Windows 8 will be released to the public , there is going to be a limited time special on the pricing with the first release . Either choice is up to the individual , I would just suggest doing some research on the net before you make a decision.Here is the link for the countdown gadget . -LSB- ... -RSB- And the link for reference -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I recieved the product in a timely manner however the box , which was listed as `` new '' on the website was in fact opened and the key code was no good . I had to call windows customer support to gain a new key code for the disk . I know that with software such as this , once it is used it can no longer be applied to a different computer so I was wary of purchasing it on-line to begin with . Now I feel my concerns were justified and do n't feel that I will buy software from amazon again .
 I bought MS XP `` full version '' because I figured at some point in the future I would put it on a new -LRB- clean -RRB- system . However , my current plan was to upgrade an existing system with win2k on it . What a nightmare ! After about 30 minutes of responding to questions on the terminal I was asked to enter the serial number from the disk . I did that and the screen said I had an invalid serial number . So , I assumed I made a typing mistake and tried again . Again I was told I had an invalid serial number . At that point I got on the phone to MS. They told me the product was no longer under MS support and I would need to pay to have my problem addressed . Well , under the given circumstances , -LRB- I was 3 hours from home and did n't know when I would be back at the location ... -RRB- I decided to pay . After 45 minutes on the phone to a very nice although not very educated individual I was told that I had a OEM copy and that I would need to get a new serial number . They offered to `` do me a favor '' and give me a new serial number now . So , I went through the whole load proceedure again -LRB- about 30 minutes -RRB- and used the NEW serial number . IT STILL WAS NOT ACCEPTED . The Bottom line is that after aprox 2 hours on the phone the only option I had was to do a `` full install '' from scratch -LRB- loose all the existing settings from the prior win2k OS -RRB- . All I can guess is that most people do not try to do an upgrade using the `` full version '' . Please be aware
 Windows XP is like a poorly made car on which you spend infinite amount of time , patience , energy , and money tuning it , but it still breaks down every so often .
 This is Microsoft 's most stable OS yet , but ridiculously over - priced . I 'll admit , I 'm no fan of Microsoft , but I 've very few problems with my desktop once I upgraded from Windows me .
 I have not received my software . I have emailed the supplier twice and he has not responded at all . I sent Amazon an email detailing this and have not received a response from them either .
 A year ago I bought two machines at the same time . One was an Apple Powerbook running Mac OS X Panther . The other was a premium , designed-for-XP machine with a 3 GHz Pentium 4 processor , 2 GB of RAM , and a 200GB drive - no expense was spared . The Mac laptop was running beautifully within an hour and has given me excellent service since , under rigourous conditions . It took me eight maddening days , assisted by a stack of books , the collected wisdom of the Internet , Microsoft support , and several trips to my dealer , to finally get XP running . An no , it was n't a hardware problem.Lest you think I 'm clueless about computers
 I 'd love to review this product buy it does n't work on my computer and now I 'm stuck with it because I ca n't return it .
 This computer system , although almost universally accepted , can be beaten in quality and flexibility by an operating system that can be downloaded for free , such as the fedora project -LRB- a distribution of linux , a OS which can be changed by anyone for free -RRB- , or bought from software company supporting these open source project with unlimited customer support for around 50 -LRB- $ 90 -RRB- or less .
 I was raised with the understanding that `` if you do n't have something nice to say , do n't say anything at all , '' but Amazon prompted me for a review ... so I feel the need to remind everyone what a terrible load of horse crap this Windows XP really is . I ca n't believe that so many people around the world suffer with it every day.I bought the `` Professional FULL VERSION with SP2 '' to install as a 2nd system on my Intel Mac -LRB- so that I can author/test files I create in a PC environment -RRB- . Yikes . How is this worth $ -LSB- ... -RSB- ? I think Leopard is going to be $ -LSB- ... -RSB- Anyway , this is n't a very good review , but it is n't a very good operating system either .
 I have been using Linux operating system for over five years , and have n't had a virus or any sort of malware attack in all this time . I currently use Ubuntu 9.04 . -LSB- ... -RSB- There are a couple of programs that I have n't found a Linux equivalent for , and those I have been able to run on Linux using Crossover Office by Code Weavers.Any Microsoft product , especially MS Windows , should be viewed as a last resort option . Why pay all that money for an unstable and terribly vulnerable product . But if you must , XP professional is not nearly as awful as Vista , and much less expensive than the soon to be released MS 7 . I have NO affiliation with Ubuntu , nor any other software company . I am just a VERY satisfied Linux user .
 Ok so I bought this horrible waste of time and money to repair an old computer that my dad gave me to keep my larger files seperate from my school stuff . i had to repair the hard drive but that in itself was simple . my issue is with the utter complication of getting this installed . i had ubuntu on the desktop running ok but i needed windows to run my internet service and both my mp3 player and my girlfriends . alas i have been stuck with a lingering black screen everytime i try to install . my guess is that i have to download drivers . or wipe the hard drive but get this microsoft is still stuck in the stone age and requires me to use 3.5 inch floppy discs in order to make a boot disk . i 'm still trying to install it and will continue until i succeed but beware that there is little support both from other users and certainly from microsoft
 To purchase XP Professional or XP Home that was the question having already purchased two editions of XP Home , decided to try XP Pro ... for what ??? because it is named Professional ? Oh well , if it was n't for not being able to port some rather specialized software apps , it would be a no-brainer ... GET FEDORA CORE !!! and leave M$ products to those that want to have something to always have to worry about . . ! If you are not upgrading to Vista , and need to keep XP ... use the Home edition . Pro is not worth the difference in cost ... really .
 My Windows XP Professional system is more advanced . So , I was not able to use Windows XP Professional Full Version with SP2 . Can I return or replace what I have purchased from you ? Best regards and God bless .
 I ordered the product and it was shipped in a timely manner . Unfortunately , the product was defective and I could not use it . I contacted the seller , returned the product and my money was immediately refunded . Will purchase again from Seller if the opportunity arises .
 I ordered this item last month . Never got it . sent a email about it never got a answer . It did get charged to my credit card .
 I have n't received it yet ! I submitted a request for information and have n't even received a reply .
 A little slower , a little more buggy and unstable , I 'm surprised it 's still sold when newer versions of the operating system are available .
 Over and over again I find that Windows limits what I can do . I am on a very secure network and I want to open up files on my old computer to my new computer . But Microsoft knows better and wo n't allow me to open up My Documents or System files to my other computer . Is n't this my decision?And now I 'm trying to move fonts from my old computer to my new one . Since these are in a system folder , Microsoft wo n't let me connect to them . And when I try to copy them , it changes the files , so they wo n't install . And now that I 've tried simply moving them , it has destroyed the files so I do n't have them on either computer.I sincerely hope that Google or somebody else comes out with an operating system that does n't try to think for you . I am really disgusted with Microsoft , but they have their fingers around our necks and wo n't let go .
 IF you have pattern sensitive or motion sensitive epilepsy -LRB- or have problems with blinking , flashing , motion , animations , etc. -RRB- DO N'T INSTALL SP3 FOR A WHILE . I can not use Vista because of accessibility problems so I have to use XP.2008-05-08The Microsoft Windows XP Service Pack 3 makes changes to XP that severely affect accessibility for people with some forms of epilepsy . I suspect that Microsoft is partially trying to install some Vista style features -LRB- ripped off from Apple -RRB- . In particular , I have seen Apple style `` sliding down '' menu boxes or whatever they are called . As an example , open the `` control panel '' applet . BEFORE , it was accessible , NOW , the elements at the top of the left column `` slide '' down . I had enough bad seizures -LRB- bad in this case means very unpleasant - I can actually feel them in my brain -RRB- that , after experimenting trying to disable this abomination , at had to get away from the computer.For people like me , my computer is my lifeline . Since Macs are absolutely not accessible , we are stuck with Microsoft Windows XP . Vista is absolutely not accessible , as is Leopard , etc. . With Microsoft destroying the minimal accessibility of XP , there is nowhere to go.IF YOU DECIDE TO INSTALL SP3 - FULLY BACKUP YOUR COMPUTER SO YOU CAN REVERT TO SP2 IF YOU HAVE SIMILAR PROBLEMS . -LRB- I have two notebooks ; if I can not figure out a workaround , then I will never be able to install SP3 -RRB- BTW , I review so that other people like me can find information about products to avoid and so that they can realize that the problems that they are having are common to other people . There is essentially no accessibility any more . It is so bad that it is only a matter of years before we can no longer live in this society due to blinking , flashing , etc.Workaround : Control Panel | System | Advanced | Performance - SETTINGSUnclick EVERYTHING that allows animation , fading , sliding , etc. . I am not sure how comprehensive this will be but it helps.BTW , FULL accessibility demands that the display be totally `` quiet '' as far as any unnecessary motion or blinking . Unnecessary features that make Windows XP inaccessible are , in particular , `` progress bars '' , animations for copying files . Microsoft Word has major accessibility problems . The animations associated with spell checking -LRB- the IDIOT animated book icon at the bottom of the screen - every time you type the animations start . Also , the rippling red underline when Word autocapitalizes . MICROSOFT - GO AWAY -RRB-
 With Vista rolling , and 7 on the way , XP Pro should be selling for around $ 50 . This offer is a joke , right ?
 The new product that I bought was a counterfeit program.We spent hours and $ $ $ before my tech could figure it out . It was hard to get in touch with some one and they would never call me.I thought that ordering through Amazon was a sure bet ... super disappointed.I would not recommend it .
 Almost nothing in this abysmal `` Operating System '' works . I had an easier time configuring my own kernel of gentoo linux than I ever did installing windows , and once I was `` done , '' of course , nothing worked . After spending several hours installing drivers ; changing settings ; and veritably wrestling with the system to get it to work , it was unstable ; ugly ; nearly non-functional ; and a huge pain in the behind . Every day using windows brings a new challenge , and they 're never fun . It changes settings when you never asked it to , is hardly capable of networking , suffers from constant lagging and crashes , and literally does everything backwards.If you 're thinking of upgrading your system , do yourself a favor , and buy a piece of software that will actually function better than your current . Mandrake linux is a nice choice , and perfect for most users . If you have the money for a new computer , < u > buy a mac < / u > . They 're powerful , user-friendly , stable , and far more compatible than any windows junkie cares to admit .
 They sent me a product that was n't legit and would n't take it back . Horrible service & I do n't recommend anyone buy from this particular vendor ! Just a horrible waste of time & MONEY !
 The Mac OS , now at $ 30 list , does n't get viruses , worms , malware , etc and probably runs all the software you do on a PC , with the exception of some games . Go to a Mac Store and try it for yourself .
 As I had commented earlier , my biggest business demand is for people wanting to upgrade to Win 2000 from Win XP . I have seen people scream at the XP operating system . I have seen people get peeved with their `` helpful '' relatives who had upgraded their system from Win 98 or Win 2000 without their knowledge . XP is slow , buggy , instrusive and easily infected . It is the leper and syphilic of OS 's . Do yourself a favor for your business and your family peace . Avoid XP at all costs . All those other people recommeding XP on other websites -LRB- Present Amazon company excluded . I am convinced of their sincerity ! -RRB- , makes me wonder if this is astroturf marketing from Redmond .
 Sorry to disappoint the believers , but this OS is way overpriced for what it does . And , it will dominate you instead of the converse .
 I would really like to know the difference between the 2002 version Microsoft Windows XP Professional and this one .
 The posted reviews are * not * about `` Fine Reader OCR '' , they are aboout the `` Lingvo '' dictionary ...
 Works very unstably because of protection on enclosed 3.5 '' diskette -LRB- The Lingvo set is CD + 3.5 '' diskette w. security-key -RRB- . Permanently it is necessary to reinstall the Lingvo-program . Two times because of it should be reinstalled my Windows . The interface of the program some more of times of Window 95 . To work inconveniently because of a plenty of pop-up windows . Bad support of fonts . Periodically instead of Russian characters there are not readable characters . Linvo-support does not answer the mails ! Dictionaries -LRB- dictionary bases -RRB- hardly obsolete . In the documentation to Lingvo is written , that the dictionaries from 2000 - 2002 . Practically all dictionaries of 70 years , exampl . Russian-English dictionary of the writer Kuznetsov - 1973 , and is written , that the dictionary new . The English-Russian polytechnic dictionary - is written , that dictionary published 2002 , and actually paper dictionary has left in the beginning 90 years .
 The only thing that this product said you needed is a windows or mac platform . It did NOT specify which VERSION of windows you must use . IT DOES NOT WORK ON MY COMPUTER . My computer is apparently too GOOD to run this game . It also stated that you would get free expedited shipping ... it did NOT . It 's the seller 's fault honestly . I remember this game from when I was younger , and it 's a great game . Unfortunately , I can not PLAY it , AND I had to pay for the shipping when it was supposed to be free . Do n't order from booksbylenyb , TERRIBLE SELLER .
 We bought this hoping to practice math over summer break . This is horrible . The instructions are not clear and we did n't know what we were doing during activities . The graphics are awful . I do not recommend this . Try Reader Rabbit activities instead !
 I have been playing around with my new DVD burner -LRB- as probably a lot of people have been -RRB- and have created a number of DVD 's from home movies . I bought this product because it claimed you could just pull off the chapters you wanted from a given DVD . I thought it would be a nice way to create some `` greatest hits '' DVD 's for the grandparents instead of re-creating and recoding the raw AVI files.The product installed fine . I grabbed a DVD off my shelf and it said that it was copyrighted , so I could n't do anything with it . Well , that was fine . That was n't why I bought it . Then , I put in one of my homemade DVD 's . The product continually crashed whenever any homemade DVD was in the drive . Now , my six year old DVD player does n't have any issues with the DVD+R 's I 've burned . Every time I pop one into my DVD drive on my PC , the DVD player software kicks in . And I 'm pretty sure I did n't put Macrovision on our Christmas footage . So what gives?The product came with a short booklet -LRB- I loved the quick paragraph on how to defeat the copy protection part of the software -RRB- and I did read it and look at the website quickly . That 's not to say I did n't read everything that has to do with the product I bought , there just was n't much to read and no patches , no potential fixes , etc.So , I have a $ 50 program that does n't work on copy protected material , but does n't work on non-copy protected material either . Kind of defeats the purpose of owning it .
 I was intrested in this program for the Divx copy features . The more I read about it , the better it kept sounding . I download the trail version and it worked ok . DvD copy was on sale at the local software store so I bought it . After installing it , it did not work and froze my system up .1 . If no DVD is in , the program will start up and after putting a DVD in it will freeze my system except for the mouse .2 . If a DVD is in on the startup , program will freeze.I went to the website for patches and there was none . There are 4 other programs on the web site that they say the software needs to run . It is beyond me how a trail piece of software will work and the full version will not.I would have taken this back , because I never had software behave so badly before , but like a idiot I wrote the serial # on the cd with a marker.My advice is make sure you shop around other companys software and try a trail version first . Although this did me no good . And make sure you like the interface before you buy.To be fair , I have not called -LRB- Toll call -RRB- the support line or emailed support about this problem . So I cant comment on the companys responce on fixing it .
 The is not Multilingual dictionary . The is set of bilingual obsolete dictionaries of 70 - 80 years
 I have n't played the game , but it sells for $ 9.99 retail . Look elsewhere to buy it .
 I have purchased many other Humongous software products including Freddi Fish , Pajama Sam and other Putt Putt titles . This is by far the most basic and most disappointing game my five year old has played . He got it on Christmas day and finished it with minimal assistance by me in about an hour . He looked at me and said , `` I guess that 's it for this game . '' It was not worth the money at all !
 This one did not play for us scratched up and cracked . It was cheap enough not to complain about it .
 This product is noted that it will work in a Mac . It might work in the older versions but it will not work in the new Intel based machines . That should be noted in the description of the product .
 Does NOT work with Vista , despite what their website says and all the additional downloads required.Buggy . Crashes . Takes forever to boot up . Interface is unusable.I expected a much more professional program for my money .
 As a Digital Photographer and a MAC user , I found iPhoto crashes when you try to IMPORT any DIGITAL -LRB- only -RRB- l pictures from Adobe Photosop CS & Adobe Elemebts 2 . I can downlaod my pictures to iPhoto from my Digital camera -LRB- D70 -RRB- , export them to my pictures folder , adjust the pictures using either above mentioned software , but can not Import any of them . Go to MacRumors , you 'll see that you 're not alone . Hey APPLE ?? When are you going to fix this ????
 I am not going to buy any more iLifes , I believe they are just about useless and cost too much . My other software applications take care of everything , so iLife is useless . Apple is making some big bucks off of these things . Wake up people ! There are better applications out there for the MAC .
 I bought iLife primarily to get iDVD so that I could take some video clips and put them on DVD . iDVD is a bit hard to use and not exactly intuitive , but the killer for me is that it will not let you pick the output drive , rather it defaults to a particular drive and wo n't let you change the drive . In my case it defaulted to the internal CD-Rom drive which wo n't write a DVD . I 've done a lot of web searching for a work-around , but found none . There are a number of `` maybe '' this will work solutions , like hold the control key down when you click burn , but none worked for me . The end result is that the product is useless for me . Also , iMovieHD wo n't let you pick a temporary drive and given the potential size of the files you are working with , this seriously limits you ability to use the product unless your main drive has lots of space . All in all , I would say that the products in iLife are little better than what you might find on the web free .
 Apple has created a new version of iWork , and they provide no upgrade pricing , effectively sticking it to customers and vendors . If you buy this product , you will be stuck with the old version and have to pay FULL PRICE for the new version that contains a spreadsheet application.And , yes , Apple deleted any comments complaining about the upgrade policy on their discussion boards .
 Apple 's promotional material for iWeb promises beautiful and professional looking websites with `` drop and drag ease '' and `` the perfect balance between simplicity and customization . '' Unfortunately iWeb does not do this , at least not consistently . If you are not particular about consistency and good design you will probably be satisfied with iWeb , and if the other reviews are any indication , most people are . But if you are looking for a way create a simple , neat , and professional display of photos or artwork , you will be profoundly disappointed.Apple 's promotional video informs us that customizing images and webpages is easy and shows pictures being added to pages , resized , rotated , cropped , integrated with text , adjusted for color and exposure , and even altered with special effects like reflections . However not a single one of these customization features is available to any of the images on the `` photo '' page . The `` photo '' page in iWeb is , in fact , an almost exact replica of the format of the . Mac HomePage photo templates . Though you can now change fonts in captions , you are still limited to a 2 or 3 column layout and there is still the fundamental design flaw of cropped pictures not aligning horizontally on center leading to uneven , staggered rows and a sloppy looking layout . This is not the `` seamless integration '' between other iLife 06 applications we are promised
 buyers beware ... back up your photo library first ! i stupidly assumed that this would be a simple upgrade , but because iPhoto '06 could not import a few photos that were locked , it did n't import ANY of them and i had to do it all manually . with more than 12,000 photos , this was a BIG pain . plus it imported duplicates , so i had to go through and manually delete the copies . even bigger pain . plus , i lost all my albums ... huge loss . the iPhoto program touts `` blazing performance '' but i 've found it to be rather sluggish . there are some cool new features , like the effects palette , but overall i would say that unless there is some feature that you think you ca n't live without , do n't bother upgrading . it certainly was n't worth all my trouble .
 I do not have a . mac account because I have my own domain . And all the feature in this DVD is something you can use with a . Mac account . iPhoto is fine OK update .
 I found iLife was good , but I was expecting more online backup spacethan was offered . Perhaps I need a little more time to work with it .
 I am using Win XP Pro and RecordNow Deluxe 6.5 with record engine update 1.6.14.507 . Previously , I was using the Veritas version of RecordNow that came with my Sony CD & DVD burner . Sonic 's RecordNow does not see any files previously recorded with the Veritas version . I could live with that , but what is not satisfactory is that if I record on a CD or CDRW using Windows , RecordNow does not recognize the CD or CDRW as recordable medium . Conversely , if I record on a CD or CDRW with RecordNow , Windows can no longer record on the CD or CDRW . I am not using DLA , nor was I in the past .
 I have used this product to burn home movies onto DVD for some time now . That part works fine . But just recently I have decided I wanted to put my pictures on a DVD with music . I got it to work once with about 75 pictures . But when I started trying to add several slideshows it comes up with `` dvderrr '' . Honestly tech support was not much help.All they do is direct you to their website for solutions . Which I have tried and still no resolution to my problem . Do n't recommend . Anyone know of a better product out there you can use to burn your home movies and put a slideshow with music on DVD ?
 Absolute waste of time and money . # 1
 I received the deluxe version with my Dell Media Edition compter . While this program has many bells and whistles actually editing video is awkward and frustrating . Fine tuning is difficult . I 'm trying to edit home videos plus edit commercials out of movies recorded from TV . While this process should be easy this program makes it much more time intensive than it should be . The program is also fairly unstable . It seems to regularly lock-up while working on files much larger than 1 or 2 gigs . And that 's on a new computer with plenty of memory .
 My DVD Studio Deluxe v6 is a frustrating and difficult to use software for DVD creation . Additionally , Sonic does not offer patches or updates to this version for problems . Seriously not recommended .
 I just wasted $ 121 . I bought the softwareto burn DVDs from TiVo downloads . It was recommended by TiVo . It does n't work . Ca n't get technical support unless you are registered . You ca n't register because Sonic/Roxio returns a message that something is wrong with their server . And on and on . The software sucks .
 I have the 6.1 version for about a year and it has been one bug after another . The `` nudge '' buttons did not work properly . Tech support eventually sent me an `` improved '' version which did clear up this problem . When I edit a DVD which was produced using My DVD , all the titles are lost . The Sonic Player which comes as part of the package still does not work . My requests for help go unanswered . It is too bad because in many ways this is a nice package with a lot of neat features . I bought it naively to upgrade the basic version that my pc came with . In retrospect , if I had done my research Iwould have probably ended up wit a Pinnacle product .
 I hope somebody comes out with a better program for transferring TiVO recordings to DVD . This has got to be the slowest , buggiest program I ever used . Have not used it for anything else . It is SLOW ! The fact that TiVo connected themselves with such awful software to make TiVO DVD 's is a big mistake . Whoever approved that at TiVo should be fired and they should start again with a different company . Not even a single update in all this time , they must have had lots of complaints . Apparently , they just do n't care . Plan on about 2 hours total for each 1/2 hour show . I 'm not kidding .
 The product is ok , when it works alright . Definitely buggy ! I would give it more stars if there was technical support , but the support is a joke . The `` online '' support is basically email that goes unanswered . Remember , buyer beware .
 This came w / my new DVD burner and does an absolutely horrible job of backing up files . Unless you check the burned DVD manually you do n't know what 's missing - in my case about 1/2 the files ! This could be a nightmare if you actually needed your backup .
 Got this program with my new Dell computer . I spent hours putting together a great DVD with photo slides and videos . When I went to burn it to DVD it kept coming up with errors . I looked up the error on the website and it said that some sound or video files may be in a different format than what are supported by the program ... so I created a new slide show with no music as a test - same errors appeared . The only way I got a DVD to burn was when I went directly from my camcorder to the DVD burner using this program . Lots of time wasted here . Very disappointed .
 I bought this program to burn DVDs of t.v. shows I recorded w / TiVo . It 's been a complete disaster . Lots of software programs are buggy , etc. , but not only is this program slow , almost impossible to use to edit videos with any precision , and apparently wo n't work with Windows XP for TiVo recordings , but to top it all off the tech support people are absolutely useless . They 've wasted hours of my time on hold , and then they best they can offer is an email with a link to their web page -LRB- which of course I 'd checked before calling -RRB- . From what I 've read online , lots of people are having this problem , esp . for use w/TiVo recordings . If you have TiVo , DO NOT buy this program -LRB- even though it 's the one that TiVo recommends -RRB- . It 's been a complete waste of my money
 Apple has created a new version of iLife , and they provide no upgrade pricing , effectively sticking it to customers and vendors . If you buy this product , you will be stuck with the old version and have to pay FULL PRICE for the new version that contains a spreadsheet application.And , yes , Apple deleted any comments complaining about the upgrade policy on their discussion boards .
 I 'll begin by saying that , once you have a little practice , Captivate 2 will give you a very slick tutorial . I found I was able to get going quickly . It 's fairly intuitive , which explains a fairly thin instruction manual . I use a Blue -LRB- brand -RRB- Snowball USB microphone that works great.HOWEVER , for a piece of software that retails well over $ 1,000.00 -LRB- US -RRB- , I 'm appalled by the inconsistencies and bugs . In addition , I 'm shocked that even though I reported a legitimate bug , they told me directly that they had no idea when it would be fixed - or if it would be fixed at all !! I have come across scores of other little irritations that I have n't bothered to call in to them because of their poor reception . I routinely am unable to copy script text from one slide to another -LRB- instead I have to paste it into an outside text program like Noetpad , recopy it from there and then paste it into the other slide -RRB- ; my menus often refuse to stay open - I have to close and restart the program to clear that one up ; and , if I delete a slide , the slide after the deleted one loses any script text which is replaced with the text from slide # 1 of the show.Adobe is known for expensive programs . But I thought they were also known for quality programs . Quite honestly I do n't hate this program -LRB- I use it daily and get good results - now that I figured out all the workarounds -RRB- , but I 'm sure glad I did n't pay for it out of my own pocket .
 I picked Adobe Captivate over Camtasia because of their reputation . Boy was I wrong . For creating web demos , Captivate is nothing more than a gloried version of Powerpoint . It does not record dynamic content on a web page -LRB- like Flash , movies , or AJAX activity -RRB- , and can not keep up with multiple web page clicks . I get many blank slides and off kilter slides that take me hours to edit.If you are looking for true webcasting software , but Camtasia .
 I installed this software , and immediately I was unable to use Outlook , see most websites , or use Yahoo email . I was unable to uninstall it.I took my computer to my tech support guru , and he was unable to uninstall the CA Security , so in the end , after three days of screwing aroud with it , he had to completely reinstall Windows , and reload all of my other software.I did n't like CA Security Suite .
 I bought this software -LRB- with the rebate that I never recieve -RRB- because I had heard good things about it from someone I trusted to know about security software . The flash drive installation seems like a good idea but the software has rendered the computer -LRB- 3 months old -RRB- very frustrating to use . I tried to contact CA support and have never gotten a response from them . I would not recomend this product to anyone !
 I bought this internet security suite because of the attractive price , features , and reviews , but when I installed it on my new Dell Inspiron 531 , it slowed everything on my machine to an unbearable crawl . Since nothing seemed to alleviate the problem , I followed the instructions to uninstall it . When I booted up afterwards , my machine was still painfully slow . Putting the computer in safe mode , I discovered that the CA program files were still loaded and could not be deleted . After many hours of frustration , I finally managed to contact tech support online , and someone in India took control of my computer and finally was able to get the software totally off my machine . Right after that , my speed was back to normal . Given the frustration and time wasted on this software , I would never recommend it to anyone .
 The only good thing about this -LRB- C -RRB- rap is that I got rebate cash for my gift card ! Firstly , it slowed my computer to a halt , crashed it while accessing websites and the list just goes on . HERES THE LESSON - Never buy any of this garbage or like Norton Symantic without a full rebate ! If you get stuck , your just out postage like in this case and with Norton Systemsworks .
 I just bought a new dell desktop with Vista and it is conflicting with explorer 7.0 which comes with windows Vista . It is nothing but a problem.I finally had to get the security software from Verizon DSL and completely deleted this one from my new computer .
 This product came without a serial number and when I contacted the company I did n't receive any help at all . I have yet to receive a credit for my purchase . They told me to throw it away . What I wanted was a product that works !
 I 've used iWork for a number of projects including my wedding invitations which were sent to a professional printer and a Quicktime slideshow for job interviews . Both Pages and Keynote are fairly intuitive applications with sleek features allow home users to produce some very nice documents and presentations.Both applications come with some fantastic templates , though I was disappointed not to find a large collection of user-created templates online.Pages , in particular , was what I was most interested in , having familiarity with -- but not the budget for -- both Quark Xpress and InDesign . However , I discovered a major problem with Pages that made the program so unreliable that I 'm now very reluctant to use it for anything that will be shared . After producing dozens of resum&eacute;s in Pages , exporting them to PDF format , and mailing them to potential employers , I ran into a few that would require me to mail a hard copy.For some reason which I can no longer recall , I decided to print these resum&eacute;s at a nearby 24-hour print center . So I exported the PDFs , emailed them to the print center , and when to pick them up . Unfortunately , the printouts were a garbled mess of nonsensical characters . So I tried again , but got the same results . Surely this problem was due to the fact that the print center was printing the documents using PCs and not Macs , I thought . But when I opened the documents on my Mac using Adobe products like Reader or Illustrator -- rather than Preview -- I found that the problem was not limited to PCs.After a short time on Apple 's support pages , I found others with the same problems and there was no patch or update available to fix it . I can no longer trust Pages to produce documents used by anyone other than myself and shudder to think how many of my resum&eacute;s and cover letters were disregarded when the receiving party was only able to view a mess of random characters . Shame on Apple for not releasing a fix for this known problem in iWork '06 and I can only hope that it will be taken care of in ' 07 . EDIT
 Apple has created a new version of iWork , and they provide no upgrade pricing , effectively sticking it to customers and vendors . If you buy this product , you will be stuck with the old version and have to pay FULL PRICE for the new version that contains a spreadsheet application.And , yes , Apple deleted any comments complaining about the upgrade policy on their discussion boards .
 I am new to Macs and , while I have mostly been pleased with everything so far , I find myself extremely frustrated with Pages . When I bought my iBook , my salesman recommended iWork after I told him that I have a small business and often have to make flyers and brochures for marketing . I used Microsoft Publisher for years , and find Pages inefficient and frustrating in comparison . I have not found an easy way to create flyers from a blank template , and feel that it is relatively labor intensive to create a text box or insert and format a picture . How I wish they made Publisher for Mac !
 My son got this game for the holidays and we have had nothing but problems with it . This relates to the Backyard Soccer 2004 edition . It will not even play on my son 's machine which is so far ahead of the minimum requirements it is ridiculous . Tech support has been horrible as all they keep saying is to reinstall video and sound drivers . They are also big fans of changing the monitor settings . I was able to get the game to work on a different machine , but even on that machine the game would suffer fatal crashes . I 'm awaiting yet another e-mail from tech support . I have requested information about returning the game or exchanging it for another . If they tell me they I have to return it to the store I will go beserk as it was a gift from family in Florida and everyone knows how easy it is to return opened software
 My kids love it -LRB- boys 7 & 11 yrs -RRB- but I find it absolutely useless . With so much really great software out there that kids love and parents appreciate for the learning value , I do n't know why anyone would waste the money . In my opinion this software is as big a waste of time as gameboy .
 Talk about your problematic software and your impotent customer support.The software self-corrupts . You 'll be using it just fine and then one day , you can no longer open it . Open up the file to create a simple textual change -LRB- changing a capital letter -RRB- and see how your file might grow . It 's amazing how much these files can bloat from minimal new input . And wait till you see Adobe 's solutions to this problem
 This game is GREAT ... for a short time . After some time of playing , you will discover that it is quite boring . The graphics are great but you have to go through so many tunnels , forests and it gets so challenging that you will not want to see it ever again.EVER ! I have played almost until the end but stopped because of the many boring pathways that I have to go through in animal morph . All in all I would say that this game is great but I rate it with one star bacause it got draggy . Seriously speaking , I now think this game is such a drip ! Buy it if you want . I 'm not stopping you but if you get bored , there is no turning back . * _ *
 If this game is anything like the demo , perhaps it would be better to wait and see , in the demo at least the controlls were a bit obscure and the reaction time was less that desireable , also the graphics are sub-par considdering what windows is capable of . Some of the problem might be that I 'm use to 2D game boy games , not 3D playstation games . I hope the real game explains how to control the characters better .
 In theory this is a great service , HOWEVER - if you 're seeking this for syncing , then be prepared for unreliability and quite simply lack of functionality . Many , many people have experienced problems syncing for weeks now . For me personally this feature simply does not work . I have 3 Macs and tried every suggestion out there . If you do n't believe me , go to the . Mac forums and see how this is affecting people . Apple is doing little to resolve this ; in fact the latest OSX update only made these problems worse . The status officially still claims to be `` online and operational '' ; VERY misleading !
 Why would anyone want to pay for web services such as these when the same stuff can be found free at various sites ? Gmail offers its free email services with 1GB space . Various photo sites allow you to post , distribute , and print your pics . Sure . mac allows you to work `` seamlessly '' with iphoto but is this really worth the yearly membership price ? Evidently , many reviewers do n't think so and I would heartily agree . I wish apple would put its energy into something more worthy . I love mac products and think their computers , laptops , ipod are top rate -- so why waste their time on a service that resembles AOL ?
 I purchased this service for one primary purpose - to transfer a large -LRB- 21MB -RRB- Quickbooks file to my accountant . I could use the other storage features , but this is what I bought it for . Well , it does n't work . Every time I try to upload the file , it freezes , even though I am using a brand new -LRB- less than one month old -RRB- quad core pro Mac . There is no phone tech support and the email support is slow -LRB- they do NOT respond within the advertised 24hrs -RRB- . and inadequate . I would like to get a refund but there is no way to get a human being on the phone.I have used Mac products for 20 years -LRB- I learned on the Lisa , the precursor to the Mac -RRB- . My business and home run on Macs . This is the worst product I have ever purchased from Apple.DON `` T BUY !!!!
 Do n't expect , like I did , of getting the full 1GB storage potential.I guess I did n't read the fine print somewhere.You only get 512MB storage for photos , idisk & web site hosting and 512MB just for e-mail . But for just $ 100 . - upgrade -LRB- $ 179.00 - $ 200.00 total -RRB- you can have a whopping2 .5 gigs online storage capacity.The iLife features are nice for novices -LRB- like myself -RRB- and integrate nicely w / . Mac , but you can still create a website w / iWeb and publish it elsewhere.I originally wanted to post alot of photos , host my business web site , host a web site for friends/family -LRB- including blogs , podcasts , etc. -RRB- and integrate my e-mail and iLife programs.The 512MB wo n't even cover my photos -LRB- 1gb was gon na be a tight squeeze -RRB- . So , like an earlier poster mentioned join Flickr , Ophoto or any other free photo site , if you have alot of photos.By the way if you are currently using Yahoo! Photos , then you will need to migrate these to one of these sites by September sometime -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , as they are discontinuing this service .
 I wrote a review for the 3.5 version of . Mac here on Amazon discussing alternatives to the service . Many of my complaints are still valid
 With so many free methods available to upload one 's web site with , it seemspreposterous that apple gets away with charging what they charge for this service . Users of iweb can almost as easily publish their site elsewhere for nothing . If you DO feel like you 've got some money to burn , then by all means buy this here at amazon , where it typically runs $ 20 to $ 30 less than at apple 's web site .
 Save $ 20 over Apple direct for a renewal code but I wo n't get it before my account expires due to the fact that it is backordered for more than a month : -LRB-
 I am a die-hard Apple fan - I love their products but I have to say that . Mac is about as bad as it gets . For 79 dollars a year you get 512mb which is nothing . I 've had the service for about 6 months and only backing up my personal settings the thing is full . And as others have said this is SOOOOOO SLOOOOOOOOOOOW it 's pathetic . I have cable internet and it is slow - I ca n't even imagine how bad it is for people with DSL or Dialup . I am cleaning out my iDisk as I write this review in order to make room for more - it has been at least 10 minutes trying to delete older backups to make room for newer ones.Do yourself a favor - save your money - run as fast as you can from this dog.Sorry Apple - this just seems more like a MS product than something you would produce . So I guess you are not perfect .
 I started using this several years ago , and of course , have had to manually re-write the HTML to make it work correctly . It CRASHES so MUCH , that It 's not worth it . It 's very frustrating , and completely undependable , and has been for many years . I think the developers are REALLY low class for creating such a piece of garbage and releasing it that way . How hard can it be to build a software that does n't crash so much ?? This is the only program I 've had continuous and varied crash problems .
 Freeway 4 Express is probably not the software you 're looking for if you already have a website that you are looking to maintain . It uses a proprietary format and DOES NOT ALLOW THE IMPORTING OR EDITING OF PREXISTING HTML.This is highly significant if , for example , you already have a web site that you are looking to make minor changes to . Since you can not import the pre-existing web pages into the software for editing , you are forced to RE-CREATE every page in the site . For smaller sites this might not be a problem , but my site contains about forty HTML documents . Redrawing each individual page is not an option for me.Additionally , documentation is extremely frustrating , since the software is bundled with a manual for Freeway PRO -LRB- the $ 279 version -RRB- . This manual will take you step-by-step through functions and activities that ARE NOT PRESENT in the Express version of the software . You 'll spend , as I did , hours of wasted time trying to do a simple task -LRB- like import pre-existing HTML for editing -RRB- only to discover on the technical support website that the feature you 're trying to use is not available in the version of the software you purchased . This is asinine . It 's like trying to navigate New York with a road map of DC . Who wants a manual for a piece of software they did n't buy?Personally , I am extremely aggravated that none of this is listed on the box . The fact that Freeway 4 Express does not edit web sites that already exist should be clearly evident on the EXTERIOR of the package . You should not be forced to purchase the software , open it -LRB- making it non-returnable -RRB- , before discovering that it does not perform the tasks you specifically bought it to accomplish.I recommend NVU . This is a completely free software that allows editing of all forms of HTML in a WYSIWYG manner . Unfortunately it is somewhat buggy , but it 's also $ 99 less than Freeway 4 Express -- and lets you do the most basic web editing task
 This game is like soo stupid ! Like it is easy for my like age like ! I 'm 11 and I like got this for my like b-day !
 The description says it will work with a MAC . It does not . After talking with the apple help desk , there is only one way to install it and it requires purchasing another software that could damage other programs on the computer .
 Well , I sent this to my grandson and it is now on it 's way back to Amazon . Evidently this can only be used by an older OS version . You would think the company might update to something newer . I 'm very disappointed . It sounds like great fun . But , we 'll never know .
 Received this product and began to install it on my computer , but it is not compatible with Vista , so it is useless to me .
 Had to return this product . According to SelectSoft Support : Cluefinder titles were created to be used with Mac OSX Classic mode . Unfortunately Classic mode is no longer supported on Macs using Intel based chips . Please read the following FAQ for more information :[ ... -RSB- We apologize for this . Have a great day.For further assistance please respond by Oct. 20 , or we will assume that your problem has been solved and will then close this case.Regards , Selectsoft Support
 I wish that I had read the reviews before I purchased these programs . I bought programs from grades two through six and not one of the programs work . I can not believe a company would rip off their customers like this . My money is just gone down the drain , and there is nothing that I can do about it .
 If you have to order this software , do n't buy it through cyberdeals . The software arrived in a flimsy bubblewrap envelope . The box is damaged . What a nice thing to do one week before Christmas . I 'm not sure what I paid to have this item shipped , but I was ripped off big time . Thanks for making them one of your dealers .
 Well , basically the cds are worthless , the images are to laugh at . And what is worst ! The subscription code to the web page does not work at all . I 'm going to give it back at the store I bought it!I so rarely post negative reviews . But with this one , how could I not !!! Save yourself the dissapointment .
 Unfortunately the images are not well drawn . Every one I pulled up was a cartooney looking image . In the engraving business , we need clean sophisticated art for corporate use .
 The ad promises `` high quality '' . The photos look like drawings mostly , and resolution -- maybe suitable for the web , that 's all.another drawback is the license on the disk . if read carefully it does n't sound like real unrestricted `` royalty free '' use .
 The company is good , but be aware of the restocking charge before you order . The product is useless , since it 's only software to let you download clipart with a 1-year membership . I returned this item since I was looking for clipart on disks .
 I was really disappointed when opening the box to find there is very little in the way of clip art on the CDs . Much of it was dated looking . Others were just words presented in a dozen or more ways . the real clipart is on their web site . Inside the box is an access code for one year worth of access to their good clipart . You need to search on line and then download individual pieces . At the end of the year you access runs out . This is not at all what was expected and I am really disappointed .
 This is n't worth the amount of paper it took to make the box . The box advertises `` Search by
 Totally agree with the other reviews.The physical product you receive in the mail is really useless . Disc one contains a software program that should allow you to search the other two discs in the set . Those , by the way , contain wire-framed art -LRB- looks rendered back in 1980 -RRB- and some bad sound effects . So , totally NOT what I was expecting -LRB- and thus the poor rating -RRB- . This is basically paying $ 39.95 for a one year membership to a great web site that will cost $ 169.95 per year thereafter.Regardless of whether the value is worth what you get -LRB- and it probably is -RRB- , the offer and product are still not clear .
 I bought this product looking for an inexpensive home clip art collection . What I received was three discs that I basically ca n't access and a one year subscription to a clip art service I probably wo n't get my money 's worth out of . What an extreme disappointment . The least IMSI could have done was actually stated this is a subscription service you are buying . I will not buy from IMSI again . They do n't advertise the truth with their product . I 'll stick to Nova . I 've bought their product before and they deliver what they advertise . I 'll pay the extra money for that . Boy did I get burned !!
 I purchased this product however the CD 's do n't contain the millions of images , fonts , clip art etc. . You get a couple of CD 's with some fairly useless images and an activiation code entitling one years access to their download website . After the year they expect that you will pay for a subscription at crazy prices !! Unless this is what you want do n't bother with this item.Mine is going back since this is not what they represent on the box . -LRB- they designed a good package/box but the contents are nothing like what the box shows -RRB- .
 As other posters have said , this product is a subscription for clipart.com , which would be wonderful . I got mine in the mail this morning , I went to clipart.com to register , and was told that the activation code had already been used . So I call Jupider Images -LRB- clipart.com -RRB- and speak to their customer service representative who informs me that they have ended their partnership with the company that makes this product and that they no longer honor their free subscriptions . So this product no longer includes the free subscription to clipart.com which is where the 3 million and more images come from.Returning this item today . What is advertised on the box is not what you get .
 Since people are selling used copies of Windows XP , what I have n't seen addressed is how do you use the Activation Key if this product has already been used . If you do n't have a Valid Activation Key for this product , you will have a locked up computer after 30 days , unless you purchase a NEW , VALID Activation Key !
 Ok so based on the history of Windows , Windows 95 , 98 and ME were used in home and business , and Windows NT and 2000 used in business . Why do most people prefer not to use the NT based operating systems , even for business use ? One word - COMPATIBILITY ! Compatibility such as being able to run DOS programs and older 16 bit applications . Now , for Microsoft to switch home users to the Windows NT Kernel , this is EXTREMELY a big mistake . People like me run DOS games on our home computer and by attempting to switching the home computer use to a Windows NT operating system , is a big mistake . Sure we get stability and better performance , but we are LOSING COMPATIBILITY.Its not that Windows XP being on the NT Kernel which is making Windows XP a bad operating system , Windows XP HOME EDITION is a complete rip off . It takes away A TON of features away from Windows 98 and 2000 such as NT Security and Domain Joining . I am a home user and I run Active Directory . Now is Microsoft calling me an emulated business user for running Pro software just because I am looking for the ease of being able to log into my username on multiple computers and access my files from one domain server ? My point is that Windows XP Home Edition is just Windows NT without any of the compatibility of Windows 95 and any of the features of Windows NT . Do n't be ripped off by Microsoft and go for the Pro version.If you are a DOS gamer and require legacy applications to run , stick with Windows 98 until you are ready to get Windows XP Professional . Windows XP Home Edition is a joke to the Windows NT Kernel and a joke to Windows in general .
 product key did not work and this software of XP is toooo expensive . returned it once the product key did not work.i went to a local computer shop and bought an XP with SP3 for 60 bucks .
 I bought this item and when I tried to Install it , the Product Key was not valid , so I ended up buying nee Product Key from a different site .
 The software illustrated shows a full version of Windows XP in a box . The software sent was an oem disk with authenication . An attempt to load resulted in failed files . Reloaded the pc with Vista which loaded without any problems . Returned the software with the help of Amazon .
 I put 1 star , & i 'm being exceeingly generous !! It should be minus 5 stars !! XP has just got to be worst thing around . Yes ! probably worse than ME -LRB- as much as ME is VERY crappy already -RRB- . Thr reasons for my hatred :1 -RRB- Bootup & shutdown is excruciatingly slow despite using a P4 , 512 MB Ram & having minimal programs installed .2 -RRB- Program application startup is also excruciatingly slow .3 -RRB- It uses up sooooo much resources , that my applications all slow down , cos its writing stuff to the HD or vitual memory , or even hangs !!! I 'm not even using heavy 3d applications here . just normal 2d Autocad or my 2d engineering programs . They worked very well under Win98 or 2000 , but suffered when used with XP even tho the package said its XP compatible .4 -RRB- A perfectly good ADSL modem and a drawing plotter became unusable cos it did not satisfy windows logo certification .5 -RRB- Even with a newly installed XP computer i get so many `` program not responding '' errors & getting it to restart is next to impossible ! 6 -RRB- mouse pointer moves by itself while on XP despite being made for XP ! Using another windows XP compatible mouse , the wheel can not be used , neither do the std slide & drag function work.My working world simply collapsed when they decided to upgrade the computers to XP !! Never have i ever encountered so much inconvenince , computerwise.Give me win2000 or Win98 anyday ! their response is thousands of miles better ! & more importantly they do not hog resources . I will be purchasing a new laptop soon . 1st thing to do is to wipe out XP , patition my drives & put in Windows 2000 !
 THIS PRODUCT WAS TO BE SOLD WITH A NEW COMPUTER , NOT INDIVIDUALLY . IT IS A ONE TIME USE ONLY SO MY RATING IS AS LOW AS IT CAN BE I WOULD NOT BUY FROM THIS VENDOR AGAIN .
 Ok people , You know those Window 's Update patches Microsoft sends out ? Those protect you from `` hackers '' and `` viruses '' . Since XP is more then 10 years old , Microsoft will be soon stopping these updates . You will literally be left alone and by yourself with no protection from some of the worlds best hackers . Heres some information for you . `` Hackers '' have programs that will tell them what OS your using . When they see XP , they will get into your computer , and from there , the possibilities for them are endless!Please , if you need more information or need help upgrading , send me a message at `` leclercben1 @ gmail . com '' or comment on this post . I would love to help.Thanks , Ben Leclerc
 I had to work with a pc and windows because of my profession ... architect . . My firms have always used architectural desktop . Unfortunately , it only is compatible with a pc . NOW !! finally I purchased an exquisite iMac . . and when need be , I can run architectural desktop on it in windows to get a few things done . . Apple vs PC ? No comparison ... . and my iMac is so sexy it makes me smile . . so kill me .
 Although I try to use Mac applications exclusively , I purchased Windows so that I can run work related Windows only applications in my iMac and MacBook . I use the MacBook for traveling or when I am away from my iMac so there is little opportunity to run the same program simultaneously on both machines . After calling customer service , I was EXTREMELY disappointed to learn that due to copyright protection I was unable to load Windows on both my machines without purchasing a second license at a cost equal to the price of the original software . Obviously , I refused to purchase a second license and will do without.Here 's the flaw in the business model . Had the customer rep said a second license cost $ 40 I probably still would have been pissed but I would have paid it . Instead , I chose not to buy the second license for $ 189 so MS did n't get its asking price , they did n't get what I was willing to pay , and they created a very dissatisfied customer who would now never consider buying Windows again . The ultimate Lose-Lose scenario .
 I had to buy this to install on my Macbook Pro/boot camp . The Dell I bought was a POS , so this was a big improvement . I really should not write a review , because I dispise Microsoft and all that it represents . After you try an Apple , there is no going back.One odd thing about XP is that it does not recognize other Microsoft products . For example , when installing Streets and Trips 2007 , it would not launch . I was forced to go to Start , run , then D : \ setup.exe , something that would NEVER happen on a Mac . I had to do this with other installs , and in fact all programs give the staring code because I guess this is a common problem . Another gripe
 I bought a $ 200 copy of Windows XP to run on my new iMac with an Intel CPU -- my kids have been agitating for years for a PC to play PC games on . The day before the box from Amazon arrived I 'd set up the new iMac and loaded the OS and got everything set up , so the comparison between the elegant and refined Mac OS and MS 's XP was stark . Very stark.There 's really no comparing the two systems -- the Mac is beautiful and functional , Windows reminds me of a line from a Tom Clancy novel , when the young sailor boards a Soviet submarine and is astounded at how primitive the technology is and exclaims `` MEGA-KLUDGE TO THE MAX ! '' That 's how I felt . Windows is a mess , a second-rate rip off of the Mac OS.Once I 'd prepped my iMac to load XP I was shocked to see an ANSI screen as Windows loaded itself -- ANSI ? Like 1980s computing ANSI ?! Help ! The iMac installation was BEAUTIFUL and elegant , absolutely seamless with NO SLOP or rough edges . Windows is pathetic . I 'm irritated that it cost so much and gives me so little . I can not believe that people would choose Windows over the Mac OS -- incomprehensible ! I remember using Windows 1.0 , 2.0 , 3.0 and 3.11 back in the day . And not being impressed . Windows XP is STILL clunky and it STILL feels rickety . Is this really the best OS they can come up with?OK , my kids can now play PC games and I can run Quicken on the PC side of things if I want to -- other than that , I 'd say save your money and buy a Mac . Windows is a cheap imitation of the Mac . And overpriced , I must say.A couple weeks later
 Other than the substandard security ; the endless hours you will spend trying to clean out spyware , protecting against viruses , etc. ; and the fact that Microsoft has built in it 's own spyware to notify them when you are connected to the internet , it 's pretty good . It is a good evolution of their graphical interface and quite intuitive.If you are concerned about your ability or willingness to protect yourself against malicious attack from internet scumbags , buy a Mac . As you face the upgrade to MS Vista , you 're going to need to upgrade your CPU , so you are essentially at a crossroads.Good luck !
 I brought Microsoft Windows XP Home Ed.SP2 , to use on my Mac BookPro as a guest O/S . The software works fine on my Mac BookPro , the only downside was as soon as it was installed I had to update the software with 98 Security updates . For the software to be new right out of the box , it took up a lot of space on my harddrive with the Security updates , and the updates on my Mac BookPro have only been 6 , since the day I brought my computer , compare the difference in updates to see which software has a lot of problems .
 One of my most popular services as a freelance technician is upgrading Windows XP to Windows 2000 ! Windows XP customers always have problems of some sort , so the stubborn users of XP always need my help . My network at home is exclusively Win 2000 and Linux . If you like calling in for expensive technical help all the time then get Win XP . Why does n't Amazon allow you to award 0 stars ?
 I was ripped off , the product did not load correctly , after 9 tries and various help desk calls , I gave up !
 this product arrived promptly , however had a blemish on the disk that caused only a portion of xp to load . after a series of helpful emails during which the seller tried to help me work around the problem ; to no avail , he contacted microsoft on his own , without me asking , and got them to replace the item , which arrived promptly . it was rare for a disk to be defective as microsoft has excellent quality control . unfortunately , this has screwed up my apple so i have a portioned harddrive with a bad section of windows on it . -LRB- i have a mac -RRB- apple says its a windows problem , microsoft says its on a mac so its a mac problem . nobody knows how to fix it . inspect any software carefully prior to running to avoid a huge hassle .
 I only use it because Microsoft 's got ta strangle hold on the software market . Even with a 3.2 Ghz cpu , it 's still laggy as a turtle ...
 Consumers need to know this before making a decision to buy !!!! I bought my copy of XP Home SP2 , three weeks later I tried to install it again on my other computer that has a new hardrive . I got the error message saying `` Not registered to this computer blah blah '' . Because I was required to register it first on my original computer it wo n't work on any other . There is a product activation key that is required to register online in order to use Windows XP SP2 OS after 30days . However , this particular key code sends intentional hardware information about your/this specific computer to Microsoft and will only work on your/this particular computer with the exact hardware specifics you registered with intact . So this means , after you just installed the OS , activated the key then the computer goes wacko your then forced to make significant changes to it , example ... new Mother board , Hdrive , Processor etc. you may very well have to go out and purchase another $ 200 copy of XP !!! You think costumer support will give you support ?? Think again , they are very skeptical to even help or cooperate with another product activation key . Most of them do n't even speak English good and no matter how calm you are , they deliberately put you on hold just to hang up on you so someone else can deal with your issue . How is this fair to the consumer , I should be able to install this expensive OS on any of my computers as I wish . Why should I have to suffer for their piracy problems ? Do your research first please !
 December 13 , 2008By James Smith `` The Truth `` Beware my my friends of old -LRB- Xp Professional 2002 oem -RRB- copies of bogus software being sold on Amazon . By the likes of PBJWorld . Not only that , they let him lie and claim it was unopened . I purchased a copy and found it had a fake key . It was made by a key generator . They want me to return it to the guy who sold it to me . Mircosoft now has the case . Gave them what they needed to go forward . He want me to return it , to make it disappear , I would guess this to be so . By the way he refuses to deal with me . Shame on Amazon too , for letting this guy sell bogus software.Buy for only those you know . Amazon will not back you UP ! I for one will not ever shop on Amazon again . Burned by this . Never NEVER AGAIN . They lost me as a customer . Amazon make false statements that they care . They do not . I have not made false statements ' . Pbjworld sold me a copy of Xp Professional that was not what they claimed . It had been opened , used and packaged with a fake key . Beware buyers of this site ' . Trust only those you know and no site that gets 5 stars from most buyers . No one that perfect . Amazon customer service sucks . There is no real support .
 I bought this full version of xp because i had a lot of file damage done to my old xp so i just wanted to install this version over the top of my old version . Well i ran into problems as i read the fine print on the new xp box this operating system would only work on older systems like windows 95 or 98 . Well my computer is a windows xp professional and it would not allow me to instal the new full version over my old operating system , it told me so when i tried to install the new system , so i will have to get a new harddrive and and a new op system . But the system i bought was mailed promptly , i would recommend reading the fine print carefully . Sincerely Robert Hadlock
 Windows XP -LRB- both Home and Professional editions -RRB- are absolutely horrific . I say this especially with the introduction of Service Pack 2 , which makes the software even worse . First and foremost , Windows XP requires that you have a lot of RAM and video memory , simply to display its overly-graphical interface . This should n't be a very big deal , considering that most modern computers are equipped with requirements necessary to run it . However , Windows XP is not suitable for older computers , or computers with any less than 256 MB of RAM , and low video memory . -LRB- Though it will technically run , it will be very laggy . -RRB- The software , which is full of security holes and risks , will likely require you to reformat every 30 or so days . -LRB- Assuming that you do not have the sufficient virus protection available to block the many viruses developed purely to abuse the security holes found exclusively in Windows XP . -RRB- However , to counter this , Microsoft has developed Service Pack 2 , which is an utter nightmare . Service Pack 2 adds a built-in firewall -LRB- improvement -RRB- and virus-blocking feature , which runs in the background at all times . Whenever you attempt to download something , or execute certain files , you will always be faced with the firewall asking for confirmation . This can become rather annoying . The worst part about the service pack is that it attempts to prevent piracy by not allowing you to install certain software . i.e. , you will not be allowed to install , or run , Alcohol 120 % . -LRB- Or other versions . -RRB- Any attempt to do so will cause your system to crash , leading you to the ` blue screen of death . ' -LRB- Something that has no business appearing in Windows XP . -RRB- The detault software settings have the Windows Messenger utility enabled , which means that advertisers will constantly spam you with pop-ups which can not be blocked . -LRB- Unless you know how to turn the feature off , or unless you specify for you firewall to block it from being contacted . -RRB- Many people have taken advantage of this by developing patches which turn the feature off , but they charge you to use it . In actuality , anybody can turn it off . It 's a simple matter of going through your control panel , into your administrative tools , and disabling the feature there . However , nobody is expected to be computer literate enough to do so.This time around , Microsoft has decided to bundle spyware with Windows . Though you can remove it with any standard spyware scanner , it is still an annoyance.Microsoft has also decided to add a ` Product Activation ' tool , which forces you to go online and validate your product key with Microsoft . There are a limited number of times in which you may do this , meaning that you can only reformat your computer so many times before your key expires . At this time , you have to pay Microsoft $ 10 for a new product key.Lastly , Microsoft has done nothing to improve Internet Explorer , or any of its other built-in software . You are stuck with the same , tabless version of IE , which still has all the same security flaws as before -- if not more.I would much rather stick with Windows 2000 , or Windows NT Workstation 4.0 , than Windows XP .
 I was astounded to discover that the Windows OS I ordered turned out to be a counterfeit copy ! Beware of ordering from Payless-Storz !
 In its early years , this operating system was one of the most unsatisfactory I have ever used -- including DOS , Win 3.1 , Windows 95 and Windows 98 . Aside from being incompatible with older hardware , XP Home Edition crashed frequently -- especially if you often work with several windows open at once as I do . This was particularly unhelpful . As a writer , I was forced to save documents no less than once for each new sentence , and at touchy moments , literally every few words.Most important , the program is highly susceptible to viruses and hackers . Preventing these two problems requires expensive add-on software and hardware.True enough , the built-in firewall OUGHT to work . But in my case , hackers got in anyway -- four times in six months . With this software , I suffered repeated break ins , the last of which cost me some primary data and several of my original poems . Even installing service pack 2 did not help.After the last go-round , I was forced to hire an expensive data recovery guru -- another story in itself -- but was still unable to recover everything lost.Throughout this six-month nightmare , I repeatedly reinstalled the XP program , including , more than once , service pack 2 . That , however , did n't plug the security leaks . My computer was completely compromised . In the end , I had to junk the machine all together.In my experience , Mac and Linux operating systems are both far superior.Now I 've got one Windows machine -- a laptop purchased in early 2007 at or around the release of Service Pack 3 -- to run a BioFeedback program whose authors , unfortunately , had not created a Linux version.Admittedly , Microsoft 's final XP service pack seems to have plugged XP 's most serious security holes . Still , after my dreadful experience with XP Home Edition , I forever swore off Windows as my primary operating system . Microsoft operating systems remain magnets for viruses and hackers -- to say nothing of endless bugs and technical issues -- and eons of otherwise unnecessary computer security checks and maintenance .
 I used to ow a PC ... I work with PCs all day at work . I 've used every version of this lousy OS that 's been released , up to and including , Windoze XPNow , I come home to my Mac -LRB- 2nd one I have personally owned -RRB- and know what a REAL OS is supposed to be.Unless you have specific programs that do n't have Mac compatible versions , you really have no reason to buy a PC . Seriously . Why anyone would , with all the porly built versions of Windoze , is beyond me.Anyway , if you REALLY must have Windoze ... you can put it on a Mac now . You will have the ability to shut the damn thing off and move on over the wonderfully put together OS X when you do n't want to deal with it anymore.Please people , get a Mac and teach Bill Gates to either make a good product or do n't bother.All I have to say is that with a Mac , you can forget about CTRL ALT DELETE !
 Of all the MS Windows -LRB- R -RRB- versions , this is the one I have liked best . Yet , it still gets only 2 stars ? The `` bang-for-buck '' ratio is too low . MS Windows versions are too expensive for what they provide . It is time to consider the better alternative , Ubuntu 8.04 DVD .
 My computer was so slow and buggy with this software it was pathetic , I recommendUbuntu 7.04 PC Edition
 I own a Mac running OS 10.5.4 and , for the few apps that only run on Windows , I installed Windows XP on my Mac . I did n't choose Vista because of all the problems with it . As for Windows XP itself well , that 's why I own a Mac .
 Delivery and service from Amazon was fine , as usual.The product is Winows , so it is buggy , flaky and horrible , as expected . Too bad I had to buy it !
 In order for me to install XP home edition I had to have internet access first . Second , I thought I ordered the professional version @ $ 125.00 but received the Home version . Third I had to pay $ 129.00 to the geek squad to load the software onto my new computer.Software obviously are not made for easy loading ; in the pass you purchase addition software and it was very easy to load onto your home computer . Had I know this I would have went ahead and purchased the full verion from Best Buy , Circuit City , ie. , because I did n't save a penny .
 It is a national disgrace that Microsoft keeps ripping off the public by selling this garbage software.Get a Mac .
 Vender negelected to send serial number tag with item . I contacted him and he sent a photograph of it . I was able to register and use the product , but I paid for the tag , which goes with the disc and again contacted the seller to ask him to send it . He replied that it was coming via `` snail mail '' , but I never received it . Am still waiting . Could Amazon look into this ? I have been a good customer . Thanks .
 I really do not like how Microsoft has designed this operating system . I liked Windows 95 through the Windows 2000 Professional Edition but this one there is nothing I like . I have a few Microsoft computers left but I have mostly converted to Apple . The Windows XP Home Edition -LRB- not Professional Edition -RRB- especially was horrible . The only difference I dramatically see is that blue taskbar at the bottom . Also the icons look a bit more 3-D than other versions . The security on Windows totally is n't too safe as the Mac OS . My computer catches viruses all the time and when I take it to a repair shop I have never seen a Apple computer there . If you are a Microsoft fan just get the Professional Edition of XP or 2000 Professional -LRB- best OS ever ! -RRB-
 I 've used various forms of windows products since windows 3.1 . Though I can agree with many of the gripes that people have with the operating system itself , my complain is with is version so people can know what they are getting into : The install is fairly straightforward and most people that can figure out a basic install should n't have much of a problem getting things started , after that it becomes a dedicated nightmare . After the initial install the system failed to recognize ANY of my basic setup componants : I was doing a basic format and reinstall of a Dell 2.4 gig system with 512mb of RAM running a cable internet line through a router that connected my laptop and an xbox . First off it would n't even recognize my monitor -LRB- which is extremely dated -LRB- pre flatscreen -RRB- so I was only able to get a 600 x 800 screen resolution at 16 bit . -LRB- Under the old install I had no problems -RRB- There was no included basic drivers available on the cd for my monitor to manually install one myself and since the problem of it not recognizing my cable line I could n't even download it myself which brings up another major set up problems . Basically I recieved a shell of an OS which seems to be lacking all the major things I 've had on any other windows CD before . -LRB- I 've been through plenty of installs in the past -RRB- I can fix all this eventually by manually downloading drivers and such off my laptop , burning them to cd and carrying the disk into the living room to install them but why should I have to ? If I had n't had an alternate source to do this I would have been SCREWED !! I basically blew the money on this OS install when for another $ 50 I could have picked up a POS bargain basement computer and saved myself the hassle.Save yourself and do the same and stay away from this package . There are plenty other alternatives out there !
 I have waited over a month to get my item and it has never arrived to me . I have contacted the seller 4 times and have never received a response . I am waiting ton Amazon to refund my money .
 The CD is obviously a badly copied and hacked version . Does not install . Monari does not respond to emails and their storefront is down . Cant even return the CD !
 After purchasing this item I discovered my lost version of XP Professional . I 've tried 3 time to find out about the sellers return policy and 3 times NO RESPONSE !
 I do not like windows in anyway . I was forced to by it to run a program on my Mac -LRB- which I LOVE -RRB- using Parallels . I cringe every time I have to open it .
 This came too late to be of use and so it remains packaged and ready to return ... however no response has come from e-mails to request a refund . The seller sent me an e-mail to let me know it was on backorder and asked if I wanted to cancel ... I did n't cancel at the time but should have . I have a Macbook Pro and wanted this program to run Sims 2 ... BUT Boot Camp and VMFusion crashed my computer ! After a three day repair I decided i do not want to risk using Windows XP ... especially one marked `` For new PC 's only ''
 My new XP computer is just filled with garbage directory on top of garbage directory on top of directory . I expect that Vista will further the tradition that Bill Gates began and is extending . It 's not that I understand there is a choice ? I try to live in the real world that Micro-soft seems to be doing their very best to undermine with a new and worse operating system every couple of years . I suppose Gates is making more and more and more while he rips the world off , more and more and more . It is a disgrace to the USA and the earth . I think we could put Mr. Gates in prison , where he belongs , and reclaim our world . Thankyou .
 The customer did not provide me with the product . After e-mailing the person no response .
 Do not order thruogh Pyrotech , it is what I feared.Misled to believe it was a Full Version XP with SP2 , it is not.Overpriced OEM XP 2002 version ... what a rip , I should have known better!And a rude , childish reponse to my complaint , telling me I was wrong and had no idea what I was talking about . `` Sure , this is the first software I 've ever bought `` You even have the List price `` dramatically slashed `` from 199.99 to $ 114.00 . Since when did an OEM XP cost 199.99 ?? Yeah that 's right never !
 I received this product damaged . It had a huge scratch on the disc and would not download into my computer . I am returning it for a refund .
 Are these reviews on the product or on the seller . I know what I want , I only want to know if the seller is reputable .
 I 've been using a Mac for the last 10 + years and I had assumed that Windows had gotten better since Win 94 . Boy was I wrong . It amazes me that the entire world runs on this awful excuse for an OS .
 RIP-OFF RIP-OFF RIP-OFF RIP-OFF RIP-OFF RIP-OFFMicrosoft Windows IS A JOKE WE ARE ALL OUT TO STEEL THEM BLAND WE PAY $ 200 FOR WHAT ? TO BE BELITTLE WHEN WE HAVE TO REINSTALL IT I HAVE 5 COMP.AND I HAVE 5 BOXES OF Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition FULL VERSION with SP2 ONE FOR EACH PC OVER $ 1000 -RRB-
 Mapsend Woldwide basemap and the European basemap software products do not work with Windows XP service pack 3 -LRB- SP3 -RRB- . I was lucky enough to have an old computer lying around that had XP without SP3.I will never buy another Magellan product for the rest of my life . This is shameful that they do n't support their own software and GPS products . There should be a down-loadable patch to fix this problem.Shame on you Magellan !!!!
 there was no sp2 with this package . I downloaded it from the website . The instructions are not sufficient for the install . The delivery was 4x longer then they said it would be . The activation code is 45 numbers ... are you kidding me ...
 After installation frustration I went back to Windows 2000 Pro . I ended up partitioning my hard drive and installed XP Pro on the second partition so that I could always fall back to Windows 2000 . The * update installer * on the CD was not working correctly and I used the restore points to undo all updates . When SP3 was installed ALL my problems went away . I have a cloned OS hard drive so that I never have to re-install out-of-the-box .
 There are issues regarding hardware incompatibility w / specific components of the Toshiba Satellite M45-S355 . The hardware incompatibility issues w / the DVD-RAM drive , the GL910 chipset , and the SoundMax integrated audio drivers are known to both Microsoft Technical Service personnel and their counterparts at Toshiba . I spent an hour of fruitless time on a conference call with technicians from both companies -LRB- both of whom spoke what could loosely be descibed as `` English '' -RRB- . The Amazon representative with whom I spoke was in New Delhi . I ultimately figured out -LRB- on my own -RRB- which Toshiba drivers needed to be downloaded -LRB- again consuming hours of download time with a 56K modem -RRB- , and I used an Iomega CD-Rom USB external drive to load the software after about six extremely aggravating hours . I was able to avoid similar pitfalls when attempting to install Small Business Accounting 2006 . Do n't buy these products unless you absolutely MUST . Microsoft 's `` technical service '' is a euphemism more aptly meaning `` technically useless '' . There is nothing technically professional about the additional capabilities of Microsoft XP Professional . I should also mention that both the Toshiba laptop and the software were purchased from Amazon .
 I only use windows xp when Im in my ofice as the company runs on XP ... god help us all . I bring my macbook pro to work with Mac Office on it and I get more work done saved secure than anything on the Dell Latitude with XP . Thus far the Latitude sporting XP Pro has lost important documents on me on a regular basis , crashes to many times to count , freezes regularly , is slow as hell , slower to boot up , the mouse drivers/trackpad drivers screw up on a regular basis leaving me without a mouse unless I restart and it does n't freeze . I work at large oil companies a lot and I can not belive they run their process on this crippled , dated , bug ridden , virus laced piece of junk OS . XP sucks folks , Vista is just as bad and Windows 7 is Vista with a new coat of paint . If you want a good secure , fast , easy , reliable system use a mac with OSX . I know you have heard that already and I too was a sceptic for years until I bought a mac and tried it out when Vista and my Compaq presario died a few years back 3 months out of the box . If you want windows to run stable run it inside a virtual machine or dual boot with mac , it 's proven to run better than on any PC due to the cheap hardware used in pc 's these days by HP , Compaq , Dell , Acer . Oh look as I was typing this review on my Macbook Pro the Dell running XP Pro just froze again on start up , shutdown/restart will not work , the keyboard/mouse does n't respond , I guess I need to remove the battery again . What a great OS ... garbage .
 I bought this upgrade specifically to use remote desktop -- however it does not work . There are many reports on the web re . Remote desktop black/blank screen no login dialog box.I have used remote desktop on other machines & connections without problem but there is clearly a problem with many connections using the version in WindowsXP sp2 . Microsoft has not acknowledged the problem , produced a KB article or a fix for this yet . My suggestion is to avoid this until at least XP sp3 is issued . Concensus seems to think this is due to a poorly designed/implemented remote desktop protocol -- apparently it does not handle fragmented packets . -LSB- Some have found changing the MTU size from 1500 to 1400 using a third party tool fixes it for them . However this did not work for me . -RSB-
 XP is only `` good '' if compared to previous , even worse versions of Windows . That is not really a fair comparison , and really shows how little of the computer world most people are actually aware of.SP2 is just the latest piece of junk M$ put out to quiet -LRB- for a time -RRB- their critics . What did they do ? Mostly , they turned on a useless firewall -LRB- useless because you can get much better for free , not to mention the fact that it breaks a number of applications -RRB- . When I was pushed SP2 a while back , it took me 1:30 hours to revert my laptop to a useable state . So , Caveat Emptor .
 Microsoft 's Windows XP Professional is one of the better alternatives out there when it comes to O/S . Of course , Linux is for free , and it is much more stable that Windows . However , if you are not a geek like me , it is likely that you will find Linux Ugly , and hard to use . Solaris is just a no-no for a desktop user because it is even more frustrating than Linux . Mac OS on the other hand is in the class of its own . I am not going to start arguing what is best , but unless you are a Mac Lover , which as Howard Stern says are , `` last of a dying breed , '' then you are better off getting this product . Get the professional version though since it has desktop remoting and much more useful stuff . Now , why 2 stars ? For me , Security is the most important thing , and I hate to download zillions of patches everyday just to cover .0001 percent of security holes that Microsoft has left in its O/S . Vista , looks beautiful though . Not sure how the security is improved ?!
 Windows XP SP2 is a headache especially if you are upgrading . Windows XP started out as pretty good and then the Microsoft Committees ruined it . People who have upgraded have had trouples with devices not working , Anti-Virus software not working correctly and guess what -- IT STILL HAS SECURITY FLAWS ! The IT world has had nothing nice to say about this crappy SP .
 If a person wanted an outdated non supported operating system they should get oem with SP3 for this cost . I really sucks to have to wipe a drive then install all prior operating systems then upgrade to xp.You end up with a huge waste of space and bloatware .
 Generally speaking , to get the best performance from any operating system a clean install of a full version is recommended . The best choice is to choose a full version of the product and enjoy the benefits of not being left with artifacts and leftover 's of your previous operating system which can lead to instability in certain cases . I would only buy this on a limited budget .
 It is now almost a month since I bought the upgrade to XP Prof. for my destop computer running W2K Prof. I have had nothing but trouble . My notebook computer , connected by a wireless next for almost 18 months , suddenly could not connect to the desktop . All network setup and trouble-shooting help did nothing . I called MS and things got worse . Now I have an dditional problem -LRB- no sound on my desktop -RRB- and the first problem remains unsolved . I have been through three layers of MS technicians , only the last of which spoke English with an accent close enough to mine to be understood . Nonce could fix the problems and they are now `` researching '' the problem and supposed to call me this morning . During one of the calls , the tech . tried to blame it on my notebook . If any of you are old enough to remember when there was only one telephone company , you 'll ercognize the situation . Right now , I would prefer getting a refund and returning to W2K .
 First of all , Microsoft needs to come down on their prices -LRB- Not that this will ever happen -RRB- . I build computers for a living , and I 'd say that 9 times out of 10 Windows is the single most expensive piece of any PC I build . That being said , XP has come a long way . Service pack 2 has done wonders for security . I also found it is the most stable version of Windows I 've used to date . That 's not to say it does n't have it 's flaws . It still lets in it 's share of `` germs '' , stops responding from time to time -LRB- hangs -RRB- , and it 's very slow to shut down . The built-in CD writing software is TERRIBLE and Remote Desktop is not always a pleasure to use either . However , the biggest problem I 've had so far is with product activation . As a PC technician , I 'm always testing new parts . The most annoying problem I 've had is that after you make a certain number of hardware changes -LRB- let 's say you replace a video card , a hard drive and add some memory -RRB- all within a certain period of time -LRB- 180 days maybe ? -RRB- Windows makes you reactivate . This becomes a problem when you have to reactivate twice within this period of time . It makes you call Microsoft , where you have to convince the representitive that you 're not trying to steal from them . Then you have to read them a long number -LRB- I think 41 digits -RRB- and then they 'll read another long number back to you that you need to type in . It 's driven me to the point of using Windows 2000 again to test my parts , even though this is n't always practical for testing XP compatibility.Overall , I feel that I paid too much for this operating system .
 I work for a small business , and have need of 6 pc 's logging onto my computer . We have Windows XP Home edition currently , but Home edition would only allow 5 pc 's at a time to log on to my pc . We purchased the upgrade from Amazon.com , and shortly recieved the package . I backed up our data , just in case something went wrong . In the middle of the installation , the setup program was unable to read one of the files on the disc , and caused an error that could not be averted . It would not let me move forward in the installation , nor would it let me return to Windows Home edition . So , in short , I 'm stuck until I get another disc in here . The company I purchased it from was very un-helpful -LRB- Tech for less -RRB- in helping me to find a replacement disc . This setback caused us many problems for us for about 3 weeks , which is an eternity for a small business.I do n't know how functional this upgrade is , as I never got it installed , but I highly recommend that if you purchase this upgrade , you have a spare readily available or at least a back-up plan in case it fails.Cheers
 I had lost some of my pictures from my recent trip to Europe . The pictures are irreplacable and I hoped that I could recover them from my disks . I was unable to recover even one of these precious pictures .
 This product never worked once I bought it . I was in touch with customer support 4 or 5 times over a week and the problem was never resolved . I was never able to complete a deep scan . After I gave up on this product , I bought Cardrescue which worked quickly and efficiently , and I was able to recover all of my accidentally deleted photos from my Memorystick Pro Duo .
 Do not buy or use this . I tried to recover some files and lost everything . Contacted the company and their technical support was non-existant . Biggest waste of money ever . Do n't trust this company or its products .
 Mine would n't work . The activation code that was included in the box did n't activate the product . After MANY emails back and forth with the manufacturer I was informed that this AMAZON product is an old outdated version . After several days back and forth with the manufacturer I was sent software which worked , but missing some of the ad-ons that came with the original disk from Amazon . upon trying to use the software I did not find much utility in it and I deleted it from my Mac -- and I returned the boxed disk to Amazon for a refund .
 This is indeed an outdated version . I got mine shortly before Leopard was released -LRB- Got my Mac at school time -RRB- , the software worked then . Once upgraded , was informed by the program this version will no longer work and I need to BUY the latest version . Not going to happen ! I 've since learned you can easily switch icons yourself safely , and there are free programs available to change you dock . Check around the net , search You Tube , and avoid this version .
 I just received this program and really wish I had read some of the recent reviews before buying as well . The software assumes YOU ALREADY KNOW basic chemistry . Each section is presented as a set of questions pertaining to the topic of your choice . If you do n't understand the question or concept it allows you two options . You can click the `` Learn '' button and a new window will pop up explaining the general concept behind the question or you can click the `` Explanation '' button and it will again show you a slide explaining the steps to find the answer for that specific question.There are no interactive tutorials , or progressive learning sessions . All it is is a quiz and test maker that allows you to review subjects you should have already learned in a classroom setting . Hence the name Chem `` TUTOR '' not Chem `` TEACHER `` I found the interface easy to use but very cheap in its presentation . It has a complete periodic table , and references tables to help you figure out the questions , but does n't even offer a basic calculator let alone a scientific calculator that you will need from the get-go . If you want easy to use software to help you brush up for an exam than this is it , if you want to learn Chemistry keep looking for a better product or enroll in a class .
 It is very cheap software . Does not really have any leaning workshops at all . All it does is quiz you which is n't bad but definately is not worth the price .
 In the product description and most of the reviews below , this software is presented as an interactive course and the Holy Grail for success in high school or introductory college chemistry . I made the mistake of ordering this software for my high school kids based on the product description and many of the 5-star reviews.After I received the product from Amazon , I realized I should have paid more attention to a review posted by `` marco '' on July 4 , 2004 , who said
 I was totally disappointed with this product ... I purchased this for my high school aged son and I when I started going through it myself , I actually felt like a dupe for buying it in the first place . First off , this program it not tutorial by any means and it assumes a fair amount of chemistry background . The haphazard presentation of subject matter is more like a trivia game then a serious approach to learning chemistry . I 'm not letting my son touch this software - my opinion only - but I could easily imagine a beginner picking this software up and becoming so intimidated by chemistry as to develop a mental block about it .
 Ok I am returning to college to get my Masters degree . I bought this to brush up before enrolling in Chem . I am very disappointed . This is more like a review for someone preparing to take a final exam . The interactive portion is just part of the test taking part . There are not even chapters or presentations at all just questions with answers available .
 In my opinion , this software is useless . Show me the learning ! Please scrutinize carefully the reviews on product , I suspect they are paid reviewers and their claims that this product produced `` A `` s are false .
 I should have listened to the negative reviews about this product . You only get like 20 or more of the SAME practice problems for each subject and there is no `` tutoring '' . No where in the product description does it state that you should already KNOW chemistry . To top it all off , the software feels dated . Forty dollars for this program ... . Its not worth 5 . I would rather have someone punch me in the face before getting ripped off like this again . I ca n't believe all the positive reviews either , very fishy .
 I paid more for this package on the belief that it would integrate nicely with the philips voicetracker , but it does n't work easily . So far , I can not get it to work at all , but think I will be able to find a work around . Also , it is somewhat challenging to make it work with the included microphone . The documentation is non existent and there is no other information available , so you are on your own . Undoubtably this is good software but sadly neglected by the provider , so I am very disappointed .
 Works okay when using a microphone . Works very poorly when using the recorder that comes with the package . I have trained Dragon , but the translating from the recorder is very bad . If I try to translate 3-4 sentences , it may get 2 or 3 words . I have used Dragon before and this is not typical of Dragon and it is not typical of using the microphone . But the application that I am using this for needs to use the recorder and I have been very disappointed .
 Do NOT buy this product ! Two things they forget to mention are
 Not able to use . Does not recognize 1/2 of what I say
 I will definitely NOT buy this product . I refuse to be RIPPED OFF $ 10 for EACH AND EVERY time you e-maill or call customer service . This is totally ludicrous , and the support service should be included with the purchase of the product . Apparent Nuance Dragon Naturally Speaking is trying to squeeze every nickle and dime out of their customers . I refuse to by any product by a company that will do that to their customers . I think this is about the ONLY company that charges for their support . Try to find an alternative voice recognition software company who will support their product free of charge . SHAME ON YOU , NUANCE DRAGON NATURALLY SPEAKING .
 The company had to remove the ripper from the program by law . Now it 's even less useful than before when it merely was buggy . You can download the freeware program DVD Shrink to do everything this does and better .
 Without the ability to rip , this software is useless . Fact is you ca n't copy your protected DVD . High price for a product that does n't keep what it promises !
 I purchased this product last week , and it was supposed to have the ripper in it . Now when I tried to use it , it says that it can not copy my dvd . When I went to the 321 website they could not offer any help . Thus , this product is a fraud , and it can not back up a movie . DO NOT BUY unless you want to waste your money .
 Well , ripper is not allow selling in this market . It mean all the 321 studio products are useless . Download DVD shrink 3.1 and DVD ripper free online . It is a freeware . Those people gave 5 stars to Xcopy products are the employers in 321 studios
 The people still selling this program should be ashamed of themselves ! They are out to rip you off ! This program can no longer be activated and therefore is totally useless . The only people that I know still able to use it , activated the program prior to 321 Studios going out of business . I made the mistake of purchasing this program and now I have useless software . Do n't make the same mistake I made .
 I paid over 37 $ in product and shipping on this product and most of it works but when I try to burn my dvds it stops after 2-3 minutes of recording . So I advise the consumer to review this product before buying oh the patch files didnot work for me ither ?
 The company 321 studios maker of all dvd x copy products is out of business as of end of august 2004 . Therefore you can not activate the program on your computer and it is unusable . There is no more customer service or technical support available to even past customers who bought the program years ago . Other than that it is a fantastic program .
 If so buy 321 studios DVD X Copy !! It works flawlessly have two cd-roms of it myself and have yet to find a flaw . . just wish that the government would keep there nose outta private lives and let this program stay legal ... but
 Ripper is Gone so its COMPLETLY USELESSDont buy this product !!!! Not worth even a Penny !
 Before I start , please be aware that this program is the BASIC version of DVD X Copy and comes FREE with many burners , such as the ones from Lite-On . I saw this listed in the used section for over $ 50 - that is just ridiculous.Also , be aware that 321 Studios , the maker of this product , is tied up in court and there is a good chance the software might be deemed illegal , whether you agree with this type of legislation or not . This means that support may be non-existent in the near future -LRB- not that their support is any good right now -RRB- . And finally , remember that it is only legal to copy your own DVDs and only as backups.Now to the product itself . It is supposed to be able to copy DVDs flawlessly . Well , that is not the case.When you first open the product , it will ask you if the DVD you intend on duplicating is rented or borrowed . Click yes , and it will exit . Click no , and you can continue . See , copying your material is legal . Breaking copy-protection schemes is not , which is what the software does . This is an attempt to remove liability from 321 Studios since they are asking YOU if it is legal or not . Other companies actually have you go online and download the copy-protection-breaking software , also in an attempt to remove liability since YOU went online and got it.In any case , once it opens , it is straight-forward . Insert DVD , press start , take out DVD , insert blank DVD , press continue . Most DVDs will copy , others will not . It helps to have a computer with recent hardware and software because it does tax your processor and hard drive . Also , I recommend you defragment your drive before/after each use , especially if you have a small drive or older hardware . By older I mean pre-2003 . You can not adjust any options when copying DVDs . For that , you need the Platinum edition of DVD X Copy.For those DVDs that it does copy , you end up with a duplicate DVD that is VHS quality -LRB- a brand new VHS -RRB- . That quality is actually fine . The reason is that movie DVDs contain 8.5 GB worth of data while most blank DVDs can only hold 4.7 GB of data . That means A LOT of compression . Also , you only get the movie with your copy - no features , no menus.Now , as to what blank DVDs to get , first make sure they are compatible with your burner . + R DVDs tend to play on more set-top DVD players than - R DVDs . If you have a DVD-RAM burner , then you will only be able to play your duplicates on your computer because there are no set-top DVD-RAM players.Finally , Dual-Layer DVD burners are coming out . This means you can burn 8.5 GB DVDs , meaning you can make full backups with no need to remove features/menus and no need for compression . I do not know if DVD X Copy can burn 8.5 GB DVDs , but you will need a new Dual-Layer burner . Do n't confuse this with Dual-Format . Dual-Format means it burns + R and - R DVDs . Dual-Layer means it burns on 2 layers for a total of 8.5 GB of data , just like your movie DVDs .
 Do n't buy this program because the company went out of business end of August 2004 . You ca n't activate it because the company does not have any kind of customer service or technical assistance . The password in the inside box will not work . You are basically left with a disk that you ca n't run .
 Looks like a great product if you can get it to work . I purchased a Logic web cam , have a new 1.2 GHz computer and did everything the manual said , and I still ca n't get it to work . My image is very fuzzy and has lots of noise . It is taking a lot of time to set up but the operation of the product looks fairly simple . Over all not what I expected .
 I have a new PC and everything required and still have a fuzzy picture and lots of noise . Need a lot of setup time to make it work . Not what I expected .
 One would think that designing and printing an envelope should be straight forward . One would think that what you see on screen is what you would get when printing and that , since the software supports full bleed , you would not get a white border on two or three sides of an envelope . When printing a # 10 envelope , the design prints on only 3/4 of the length . I have printed out the full manual which is n't much better than the software , in my opinion . My request for help from Support was ignored .
 The seller should make it very clear that the installation is ONLY possible with the outmoded floppies .
 As of March , 2009 , this product does not run on the latest Mac OS . It works almost as if it could , and components of it do run , specifically the parts advertising other software .
 I 'm not sure if the program does everything as listed in the description , because I never used it once I put the CD in the drive . I was looking for a program with customizable templates to make a web page to upload to my own webspace , under my own domain.When I put the disk in , it told me to make sure I was connected to the Internet before continuing . It then asks you to put in the Product Key Code , and finally , asks you some questions to `` create your account . '' At this point , you are on the Internet at this company 's site . So , this is where I quit ... I believe now , after reading through the books and online information , what you are doing , in fact , is using this software to create a webpage on their webspace . I did not see a way of making web pages for your own personal space.So , if all you are looking for is a program to create HTML web pages for your own space , this program will not do it . Sorry for the 1 star , but since the description was incomplete when I purchased it , I now have to return it and look for a different program .
 This program is not a regular software like MS Frontpage for creating websites . You can only create web pages on their website . AND YOU MUST PAY THE HOSTING FEES EVERY MONTH . You will not be able to create web pages for IntRAnet . I do not understand what a customer gets by buying this software at all . What they are trying to sell is a subscription . It is a stupid trick and this software is a shame . You will be wasting your money by buying this . Amazon must discontinue holding this software .
 I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased this product.It is not what I assumed it would be . Linking only to the website of Site Maker Pro is useless.I could have joined my Chamber of Commerce and linked to their site with a much larger viewing audience.I am new to web site building and have learned my lessonat a cost .
 I think most people would agree this software is a fraud . As the other reviews state , the `` software '' is not a program , but rather a link to the websiteanimal web site , where I am guessing you can get a `` free trial '' to the hosting service because you purchased this nearly BLANK CD.While the box and product description state you can create a web site , that is not true . As far as I can tell , the only thing you can do with this CD is link to their web site , and enter the key on the CD to get a `` free hosting trial '' which of course is also untrue because the CD has to be bought.The CD does not allow the user to download any programs to the computer , as far as I can tell . In my opinion this makes it like any hosting service with built-in tools .
 Do n't buy it . It is not a software . It is a subscription.You will have to host the web pages only at their website and you must pay $ 14.99 per month for that .
 After upgrading from Money 2004 to Money 2007 my PocketPC does n't synchronize Money data anymore . After some reading I have found out with Money 2007 MS has dropped PocketPC support.The only benefit I can see from upgrading to 2007 is that some more banks have been added to the online bank list . Other than that Money 2007 is a step back and IMO not worth the upgrade : - User interface looks ugly - Harder to use - No PocketPC sync - Slower
 Okay , I 've had a lot of experience with M$ Money since version 2003 , and I have to admit , when it works I enjoy using this software . I have the `` home and business '' version , but only use it for home finances and about 15 accounts in each of the categories . The problem is the longer I have used it the more buggy and error ridden it has become . I will agree with most reviewers that the 2003 and 2004 versions seemed to be the most stable , and again the problem is once you use a newer version for any given amount of time , your money file can not be used on older versions . The reason most of us upgrade is because we are forced to do so by the loss of some of the download features after a certain time period , thanks Microsoft ! I would n't have a problem with a few bugs and errors here and there if Microsoft offered some kind of support for this software . I believe version 2007 has been out for more than two years and I think there has only been one patch for the majority of that time . There are so many diferent issues this program is having , yet they fail to provide any solid fixes for these . If you can find your error online they might provide possible solutions like the built in repair tool -LRB- which never seems to actually find anything -RRB- and the ever-faithful `` reinstall software '' . Who wants to contantly reinstall there software only to find it did n't make a darn bit of difference . Come on Microsoft ! Either support the software you put out , or get out of this segment . I was a Quicken user many years ago , but left them because Money at the time seemed more solid and had better functions . I do n't know if they are the answer now , but I need to find something soon , as Money 2007 is bringing me to tears.One other point I must make . Money comes with valuable tools like the debt reduction planner , which is essential for me . The problem being these planners seem to have a mind of their own and do head scratching things that I 'm still unable to find a solution to -LRB- finally I found a free excel spreadsheet onlne that actually does what I want it to -RRB- . The budget and cash flow functions do nothing of the sort , constantly way off.A while back my money file became excruciatingly slow , and finally I found the solution online -LRB- not MS -RRB- . Apparently the bill planner can be corrupt causing the massive slowdown . Microsoft had the forsight to build in a `` clear all '' bills function , that corrects the slowdown . The problem then is you have to re-setup all of your recurring bills , sound fun right ? So should I plan re-doing my entire money file every few months just to keep it operational ? I have checked into version 2008 , but you have to have the matching version -LRB- ie . 2008 essentials wo n't work on a 2007 Home and Business money file -RRB- , and I have no reason to believe version 2008 is any less buggy or has features over and above version 2007 to warrant this costly upgrade . What you do get by upgrading to 2008 is the loss of freedom in installing this software because after 2008 you now have to get MS authorization to install this software on each machine . I understand their need and desire to protect their intellectual property , but they make my life harder in the process.Well , if anyone has a less buggy solution to home finances please let me know , I will be leaving MS Money as soon as I find one .
 I received an e-mail saying that this product was unavailable . My payment was refunded .
 No adjustment of font size and text is too small to read on my 22 '' Monitor
 I am a seasoned user of `` Microsoft Money '' since 2001 and used Money-2003 , 2004 , 2006 and 2007 versions . On the subject of convenience and integration of multiple financial activities , Money -LRB- and for that matter even Quicken -RRB- does fantastic job.However , with 4-5 years of usage of ` Money ' , my money file has grown to nearly 21MB . With this size , I am getting pathetic performance which is consistently annoying . I have a laptop with 1.6 GHz dual core CPU and 1GB RAM , however very basic activities such as looking at monthly report , budget report etc. takes 2-4 minutes to display on the screen ! Even if I go back and try again , it will again hang for 2-4 minutes . I will be lucky if I get ` any ' operation finished faster then 5 seconds/transaction . The problem is with specific version but the way Money is designed to store its information . There were some comments on improving performance by using Database to store information but Microsoft chose not to invest money on that.Another annoying thing I observed with Microsoft Money is with every newer release you will get fancier but more BUGGY software . So far I found ' 2004 ' release best in the bunch but once you upgrade the version and make new entries it is not feasible to go back to earlier version.Let me give you example that will explain the problem . Most common activity one will have is it to download data from financial institutes . Money will connect to these institutes and get the data . It will turn back in 2-3 minutes with newer data and status as ` done ' . On the `` Account List '' you will see , for example , 5 new transaction and when you go into that account there is ` nothing ' yet ! Reason being , data is still in flight but status shows ` done ' . After 2-3 minutes you will get the data in the account . When you try to accept the transaction it will say `` data is still in flight '' but you got status ` done ' ! In short , after getting data downloaded from the institute , you wo n't be able to ` accept ' them for nearly 5-6 minutes . I am surprised to see Microsoft is selling software w/o testing such basic functionality ! FYI , I noticed this bug only in 2007 release.I wish to have a better software for my need w/o losing existing data but Microsoft has n't decided to have better -LRB- not just newer -RRB- version yet . Quicken seems to have similar issues and it does n't allow any migration facility for me to move my existing data from last 6 years . I can just wish that Microsoft Money 2008 comes with higher performance and basic testing.If you are a first time user , prefer to compare both Money and Quicken for yourself before locking your data in one of the them . With ` Money ' , once your file grows larger , performance deteriorate significantly.One last point -- even with above limitations , I am better off using this software then not having it at all . Microsoft is doing a good job of marketing its positive points so I wo n't spend time on that .
 I have been using this program for five years now and I 'm finally going to switch to Quicken . The ` Invoice Designer ' is a total waste of time ... it just has n't worked for years and Microsoft will do NOTHING to get it to work . This is the unwanted step child of Microsoft , so please do n't waist your time !
 I 've been using MS Money for 5 or 6 years now , with only minor issues . Prior to that I used Quicken , but when I got a Pocket PC I wanted to be able to enter transactions on the PPC , and the only handheld version of Quicken at the time was for Palm OS . So I switched to Money , and have been generally happy.Last year I got a Windows Mobile 5 PPC , and went to download the Windows Mobile 5 version of Money for the PPC , only to discover that it did n't exist for Money 2006 and never would . `` Have to wait for Money 2007 '' was the consensus on the net.Ok - annoying that a Microsoft product was not available for a Microsoft OS , but it was only 5 or 6 months to wait . So wait I did.A few weeks ago Money 2007 debuted , and I happily trotted off to the Money page to upgrade and get the new Windows Mobile 5 PPC client . Wrong - `` Money 2007 will not synch with any handheld devices '' was the terse announcement from MS , right below the line encouraging me to `` take control of my finances with Money for the Pocket PC . '' Several Movey MVPs in online discussions have confirmed that MS will not be releasing a Windows Mobile 5 version of Pocket Money , period , end of story , get over it.Fortunately , Quicken does have a handheld version , and it does work on Windows Mobile 5 . So several years after switching to Money from Quicken due to Quicken 's lack of support for Microsoft handhelds , I 'm now switching back due to Microsoft 's lack of support for Microsoft handhelds . Go figure ...
 I tried it for several monthes and had the following experience :1 -RRB- this is not user friendly . I used many software programs . This is the worst . It seems to be for IT users only .2 . It has a lot gadgets but not very practical .3 . It downloaded wrong info from my credit card .4 . MS technical support is friendly and fast response But usually it does n't help to solve problem .5 In summary , I rather try the othe company software for our company finance .
 Do not attempt to use this for any business purpose . I would give it 0 stars if possible.While you are able to `` Customize the invoices '' it is impossible to add information or make any changes beyond cosmetic . -LRB- website address , instructions -RRB- You would think that this being a microsoft product , invoices could be output to word or excel . Nope , you can save an invoice as text only.Finally there is advertising built into the product that can not be turned off , that would be fine if the product were free , but not only do I have to put up with moronic limitations but microsoft sees fit to shove advertising in so they can make additional revenue off of my purchasing mistake . My `` related links '' are get a free insurance quote and `` find the right loan ''
 I would not advise anyone to purchase software from this company . I sent them numerous emails regarding a problem I was having . All were ignored . I finally called them . I got some guy in California who said my emails were going to tech support in Europe . They were having a problem getting the Europeans to response to all tech support questions . My advice to RedXpress is do n't sell to the U.S if you do n't want to speak to an American . The guy from California provided some help . After I got off the phone with him I tried his suggestions none of them worked . Sent him emails and he never responded . I do n't even use the software anymore . It ruined too many DVDs to make it worth my while .
 I brought this product in May 2004 - I had researched alternative software that do the same stuff , and I was convinced by the comments seen on Amazon to try this product out . From the beginning it never worked.I even downloaded version 3 to see if it helped-Same results . It just freezes my computer and forces me to turn of the computer to get out . I emailed Redexpress.com -LRB- their support -RRB- to get assistance and was asked to send the log file so that they could identify the problem . I did that on 3 occasions . Got no response apart from an automatic acknowledgemnent of my email.I have just sent them another message as a last attempt.If that does not work , I expect that someone should refund my money because it just never worked .
 I have tried about two dozen DVD movies , different blank DVD manufacturers , three different DVD players , so far - zero success . Original purchase did not work , the next two updates did not work . They wo n't let registered users access the latest release V3 .0 , their response to email 's is to return a blank screen , ha ha , are n't they funny . If all you need to do is copy a single disk movie , then it 's ok , but if the output needs to span two disks , then the results are completely unpredictable . Some times the first disk works but the second does n't , sometimes the other way around . Sometimes the movie 's menu works on one disk but not the other . Sometimes the product just hangs during the copy procedure forcing a hard shutdown of the computer . I recommend against this product , freeware like shrink is my choice .
 From it 's inability to copy episodic dvd 's , to it 's inability to make a workable dvd , this product has been a disappointment . So far , ive made one solid workable dvd -LRB- from about 20 attempts -RRB- . Red express offers support though , through software fixes and upgrades through its website . They also promise a full upgrade to it 's next software release ! -LRB- due in 4th quarter of 2003 -RRB- . Let 's hope it 's a better offering than it 's current package .
 I had purchased this puzzle before , for my other computer , an HP . I tried to download it onto the Dell and needed Quicktime . Then , onscreen , it claimed that my Windows was n't the correct version . As often as I had tried , nothing worked . I even read the booklet that came with the CD which gave a tech support web site . I wrote them and never heard back from them . This is a huge disappointment .
 I had problems with this game . I chose the beginners ' level and put together most of the puzzle only to find some sections missing . I sent Wrebbit an email and got a reply that maybe the missing pieces were under a window on the table . I checked and replied that the pieces were not on the table . It has been two weeks and I have not heard more from Wrebbit.Also , I found the use of the display to be very poor . I have an XGA screen , which I think is now pretty standard . The program used only a VGA -LRB- 640 X 480 -RRB- window in the middle of the screen . To compensate for the lack of screen real estate they have a complicated system of procedures to scroll the small window over the tabletop . It would be much better if they used all of the real estate on the XGA screen and simplified the complicated procedures .
 Do not buy this game if you own a mac with a Mac OS X operating system . The game will not run , it says that the classic environment is not longer compatible . Even though the game says it is if you have a Mac OS 8 or higher . It 's too bad because I was really looking forward to this game !!
 I had been using Print Artist -LRB- PA -RRB- 4 for many years but wanted to move up to a newer version with more graphics ; also , i could n't get it to work on Windows 7 . I tried various other similar software but not nearly as good at PA4 . So thought i 'd try PA8 which sounded like a step up with 8 CDs instead of 4 with PA4 , version 8 , and being `` Grande Suite '' . May be i have n't given it a fair chance yet but so far , but the menus are very plain and boring , has a different look and feel , less graphic selections , and overall seems much less user friendly than PA4 . PA8 does work with Windows 7 , but i probably wo n't be using it .
 I have experienced numerous problems with this new version . This new version is far worse than the previous version , which I owned and used for a year.I was a loyal customer before this . Now I am very , very dissatisfied with Iolo and System Mechanic.I followed the instructions and de-installed the previous version before installing the new version . After installing System Mechanic 5 , I then received an error about a bad registry key which incapacitated many of the functions of System Mechanic.I attempted to set and test many of the features of System Mechanic 5 , only to find that several are seriously flawed and caused problems with my Windows 2000 computer.The Startup Guard -LRB- 1 -RRB- would not allow my computer to shut down and -LRB- 2 -RRB- could not be turned off.The Boot Time Defragmentation could also not be turned off once I turned it on . Even though I completely de-installed System Mechanic 5 , this feature continues to run ! I have removed any System Mechanic 5 directories and registry keys and Boot Time Defragmentation continues to run.Do Not Waste Your Money On This Product
 `` This product is full of pitfalls . '' I have this on very good authority -LRB- my service technicians -RRB- , although I personally have n't found but ONE , I guess , since the attempted installation corrupted my hard drive to the degree that even Safe Mode was unavailable . I really liked SM 4.0 Pro but , after this nightmare -LRB- and the subsequent lack of any help whatever from iolo -RRB- , I urge you to stay away from 5.0 . BTW , there are no refunds under ANY circumstances so , if your pc crashes -LRB- to the tune of $ 150 in my case -RRB- you 'll also be out the cost of the program .
 Purchased the new Version 6 , and it freezes ... throws exception errors constantly , not ready for prime time . I would suggest avoiding System Mechanic until they release a version that works without requiring reboot after reboot to recover from freezes . The new version is even more problematic than Version 5 . Flakey software . Tries to be a swiss army knife of utilities , and does nothing well . It 's too bad , I would like to see a program like this be successful ... but currently it should be avoided . Unresponsive technical support compounds the problem .
 I purchased this last weekend and have had numerous blue screen crashes since , even with XP SP2 . All the crashes point to Iolo device drivers , such as iolofltr.sys . I downloaded the free upgrade to version 6 and it was no better and perhaps worse . XP is unable to stop any of the SM processes without a reboot . Norton is constantly telling me some SM component is trying to access a DNS server . I allowed some but more popped up . Why does it need to report to the Iolo server , even when I 'm not running the program ? It acts suspiciously like spyware . SM changed system features without my permission and locked hard disk files against deletion , even ones that did n't belong to it . Warning
 Beware of this program ! After I ran all of its `` features '' , I found it had disabled my anti-virus software 's script blocker and prevented me from re-installing to correct this . It also disabled PowerDesk 's Toolbar and prevented Pinnacle Studio 10 from loading . Windows XP then said it could not return to an earlier restore point ! Who knows what else System Mechanic did ? After it claimed to have fixed registry problems , I ran RegistryRescue -LRB- which I highly recommend -RRB- , which found 57 registry errors ! Fortunately I was able to use System Mechanic 's `` undo '' capability to return to where I had been prior to using it and all was well again . My only other alternative would have been to start from nothing , reinstalling Windows and all my software . I would not take this program even if it were free !
 I purchased this software and did n't install it for two weeks.After running the defragmenter , I was told by IOLO that I needed to wait for a new version , since the defragmenter would not complete . There is nothing wrong with my computer . Meanwhile , IOLO released version 6 , which supposedly fixed the problem . However , since I purchased it 35 days ago , they wont ' give me a free upgrade to version 6 , and the `` fixed version '' wo n't be available for 2-3 weeks . Their customer support stinks .
 I 'm a software tech . Win XP SP2 Pro & home.I tested this prgram on three computers . It 's fair , but not worth the price ! Corrupted my 2 desktops , and my laptop -LRB- see 1 & 2 below -RRB- ! For BEST System maintenance ! -1 . # 1 ! - See my review on `` VCOM Fix-It Utilities 6 Professional '' ! 2 . I also strongly recommend that you get the EXCELLENT `` EasyCleaner 2.0 '' FREEWARE -LRB- `` Foolproof '' , if you just run the `` Registry '' , and `` Unnecessary '' options ! -RRB- ! Does virtually the same thing , with `` 0 '' problems in 3 years ! -LRB- Do a Google search on `` EasyCleaner 2.0 '' -LRB- sans quotes '' '' & download from `` ToniArts '' home ! -RRB- 2 . I also like freeware `` CleanUp 4.0 '' -LRB- review Options ... FIRST , or you may delete good stuff ... ? -RRB- .1 . SM5 corrupted my CD writer program ?! I uninstalled and went back to the XP CD program . That was soon corrupted too ? I browsed several tech sites , and found that others say it was SM5 's Registry `` Compacting -LRB- compressing -RRB- '' feature that caused the problem ! XP does NOT like compressed files!Do not check/enable this feature ! 2 . SM5 deletes `` ALL '' your cookies , everytime you use it ! Go into `` Clean up your tracks '' / Internet History folder / Remove the check from `` Erase Internet Cookie files '' .
 Easy to install , hard to stop . This system appears to work well for things that you can do anyway using built in Windows system utilities - defragment discs and changing startup options etc.The problems come when you try to use any of the advanced options . I experienced system lock ups on two pcs . The programs stopped running but refused to close - even with XP/Pro . I had to cold reboot . At my first chance , I deinstalled the system and sent it back to Iolo.Don ' t be tempted . Stay away .
 The only thing that saves this product is it 's registry cleaner . If you need a firewall or spyware remover do n't bother with these , try Webroot 's Spyswepper or Norton 's or McAfee 's firewall .
 After installing this product everything ran slower - and I was constantly getting alerts telling me there were problems . Today , I called service support
 Do not waste your money on this product ! The Spython malware detector has given false positives on 3 occasions with the latest spyware definitions . God only know what it would have deleted had I let it go ahead and remove the supposed spyware ! In addition , I have found the system date intermittenly changing after running the clean up utility . It took weeks to track this down . -LRB- A security audit of system events was necessary to catch the culprit . Look for event id 520 in the log . -RRB-
 Iolo 's two flagship products are flawed and essentially unsupported . You 're lucky if the newer versions install at all , and perhaps less lucky if they do . Be very careful that you do n't allow iolo 's tech support to drag out your problem -LRB- s -RRB- for more than thirty days , because if they manage to do so , you 'll never get your money back ! Tech support , customer support and any useful communication paths with the developers are all nonexistent . You will learn this at considerable expense , on hold , for great lengths of time during telephone calls you have to pay for . Iolo has no toll-free support lines .
 I COULD NOT BE SORRIER FOR BUYING THIS PIECE OF CRAP . THIS THING FREEZES MY SYSTEM WHEN IT IS NOT TRYING TO REPORT BACK AN ERROR MESSAGE TO THE SERVER . I HAVE TO GO THROUGH MY RECORDS AND FIND OUT WHO PEDDLED THIS PIECE OF CRAP OF ON ME . IF YOU ARE GOING TO TRY TO SELL SOMETHING IN THE FUTURE MAKE SURE IT WORKS FIRST . SYSTEM MECHANIC SUCKS !
 If you are dumping your computer anyway , then go ahead and waste your hard earned money . But , if you want to keep it , stay away from this product . I have six months of headache and still have n't got the registry compactor removed . At best I have the rest of the junk out and now have no more crashes , yet with part of it still compacting the registry , it takes forever to boot and then is slower than molasses . The only good thing about this product is I got it from Wallyworld and got my money back . If you want something that works get Norton System Works -LRB- spend a few more bucks -RRB- . I do n't use their anti virus or firewall after it expires but the rest of the package will work forever .
 This software is only good if you are paying $ 5 or less . It has the worst defrag out there . As many reviews have mentioned , it takes endless hours to optomize defrag a disc . It runs and runs and runs . The nice components are the start-up manager , the memory defrag , and some of the other utilities . Out of the box , my software would not update . Re-installed twice to get the update to work . Many system reboots needed for basic changes . Serious geeks in need of a challenge may love this program , though I doubt it . I emailed tech support , and they have to get back to me . They get back -LRB- supposedly -RRB- within 48 hours . It has only been 24 , so I will update you later . I switched from Norton due to its system hogging , but at least it worked . Avoid this unless you are endlessy amused paying lots and constantly repairing the program that is supposed to repair your computer . Get your act together iolo.Update 12/18/05 ... Still use only one feature regularly . That is the start-up manager . The rest is of little use or needed very rarely . Went to Disckeeper for my defragmenting . It works very well . I also went to Pcillin for internet security and anti-virus . Great program , not heavy on resources . The Sys mech has started to flash an update to version 6 window when I start the program . I have not spent time to disable the pop-up , but another negative . I have emailed about the disc defrag problem , and they send the same link to the knowledge base -LRB- very ironic -RRB- , and claim it is an isolated problem with my computer , despite the endless list of complaints on forums , reviews , tech journals , ect ... Do not expect any help should things go wrong .
 I downloaded an evaluation version of System Mechanic after seeing the product at Fry 's . It looked very promising since I was encountering longer boot times than usual . After seeing a `` Your system needs optimization '' -LRB- or similar message -RRB- I ran their Optimize Wizard . After seeing that it would take some time , I let the utility run . Hours later , I returned to my system to see it running CHKDSK prior to booting . I was a little concerned that it was still optimizing over 3 hours after I started the Optimize Wizard . I watched it run for another 20 minutes or so until it finally finished and rebooted . I thought this would end the optimization , but I was surprised to see it run CHKDSK again ! At this point I became concerned . I rebooted the system , only to see it continue to run CHKDSK every time -LRB- a 40 min process given that I have two 250G hard drives -RRB- . I called Dell Customer Support to learn that I first had to pay $ 250 to talk to a Software Support Rep. After spending an hour on the phone with the rep , the conclusion was that SYSTEM MECHANIC HAD CORRUPTED MY REGISTRY AND I HAD TO REINSTALL WINDOWS XP AND LOSE EVERYTHING ON MY HARD DRIVE !!!!! . DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE IF YOU VALUE THE CONTENTS OF YOUR SYSTEM . I had nothing but good expectations for this product , and it wasted my time and money . And this was supposed to be a FREE TRIAL . I have never written this negative a review in my life , but what else can I say ? I 'm sure if you had this experience , you would do the same . Too bad Amazon does n't let you choose negative stars . If they did , this product would be rated 5 NEGATIVE STARS !!
 Totally agree with other reviewers regarding the endless process of deframentation ... a fully optimized defrag literally takes hours even on my home computer with a 2.8 Ghz processor and 1.0 Gb RAM . The 2005 model 's `` Maintenance Wizard '' is buggy in that the routine that searches for and removes invalid registry entries identifies the entries but , at when the wizard is finished , reports that none were found and provides no opportunity to remove them . However , if you run the `` Fix Registry Problems '' as a stand-alone routine , it finds and reports invalid entries and lets you delete them . I 've tested this by running the Maintenance Wizard and then immediately running the Fix Registry Problems ; Wizard finds nothing but the other finds numerous . Iolo 's solution to this problem is to uninstall and reinstall . I did that twice but the problem remains .
 Having used SM Pro 4 virtually since its inception , I was looking forward to the `` new , improved '' version . Gawd , what a mistake ! Wish I 'd done what I usually do
 ADDENDUM As you can see from my review below , I do not like this product as it stands , however I must point out that the review by Juan `` Implacable '' Rulfo is completely incorrect . When you first install SM5 Pro , you do indeed only get a 30 day trial of the antivirus and firewall software . If you follow the instructions , however , and register on line with Kapersky you get a key that is good for a full year . In fact the antivirus and firewall are probably the best part of this product , and if you can get it cheap enough , make it worth the purchase price . If this did not happen for Mr. Rulfo , he should contact Iolo directly to resolve the matter.I only wish the description of the functions described by Hiro Protagonist were accurate . I very much want to like System Mechanic , unfortunately my experience has been very different . In a simple test I tried to defrag a disk with the following specs 40 Gigs , 25 % full , 10 % fragmentation to start -RRB- but had to stop it after 24 hours . The amount of fragmentation was not different at the finish than at the start . I think things like pagefiles cause serious problems with the System Mechanic defragger . I downloaded a trial version of Perfect Disk for comparison and in two hours it was done . Yes , it does what System Mechanic is trying to do
 This is a collection of useful utilities-Antispam and anti-hack -LRB- read firewall -RRB- from Kaspersky . Registry cleaner , and other assorted tools all seem to work well except for the defragmenter . I have an 80 GB hardrive partioned into two 40 GB drives . I tried to defrag the system -LRB- C :-RRB- that was only about 30 % full and 7 % fragmented according to the windows defrag ultility . 15 hours later the system mechanic optimal defragger was still grinding away - obviously they have something to fix here.In response to Hiro 's comments , I understand that an optimal defrag takes longer , but 15 hours is rediculous . I used a competitors product and it did the equivalent of an optimal defrag in 1 1/2 hours .
 I bought system mechanics 5 pro . After a week I just started my computer today and a window pop out to let me know that the antivirus was disabled , if I wanted to keep it running I would have to pay a `` small fee '' , I click the button and it took me to the Kapersky website where the `` small fee '' was to pay for the whole program again . Nowhere in the website mentions how to `` upgrade '' the software . The window also asks you for the User ID and the Serial Number which I entered becuase I thought I bought the full product , I enter it and it did n't work . This software might be good to clean errors , but do n't buy it for the antivirus because this software is misleading , and do n't buy for the defragwhich I have n't tried but reading previous reviews kind of gives me an idea .
 I purchased this software and enetered the requested registration information and serial number . Every time I boot up I again get asked for the information . When I enter it , it -LRB- again -RRB- thanks me . It 's a neverending cycle . There is no phone support from Iolo of any kind . Their help database is of little value . This software is utter garbage and you should not waste your time or money with it . In fact , I will not consider any other products from Iolo because of their complete lack of supprt .
 I ran the utility to clean up my junk files and it removed much more ... some how it has corrupted my windows and I have lost everything . I backed up my documents prior to using , but have lost so much of my operating system.What a mistake -- and the knowledge base just tell me that they have done lots of research and it 's safe to remove the files and they are trying to have me boot in safe mode . I ca n't even do that . My keyboard does not function properly either . It totally messed up my entire system . Now if I can only find my recovery disks !
 Years ago I depended heavily on Maclink Plus . Time passed and I found some of my documents were no longer accessible . I find now that the newest version of Maclink Plus no longer supports those formats . Usually I can find ways to open them , but not , ironically , with Maclink Plus . Simply put , in my view a formerly great product is now just mediocre and of little use to me .
 You 're right ! I bought this software , excited because I want to learn vietnamese , french , tahitian , russian , and polish up on portuguese and spanish . 25 of the languages have vocabulary glossaries only -LRB- not that 76 languages is n't alot -RRB- . But there is really no guideline to follow , there is a long list of phrases , some practical to repeat and good speech recognition software , but I was lost . I found the alphabet to print out and practice , and this software kept my interest for only a couple of days . It is easy to get frustrated because you do n't feel like you 're learning , just repeating phrases you hope you can remember , but do n't seem very practical . I would recommend this software for polishing up already learned skills , maybe , and introducing yourself to a new language , but do n't buy the hype that it is all you need to learn `` guaranteed . ''
 Caveat Emptor , as usual for these types of products . Learning a foreign language well is a major undertaking that takes a lot of work and time . This product claims to allow you to explode through the language barrier for any of these languages . I never believed the hype -LRB- I hope no one does ! -RRB- , but I did want to be able to hear some Bemba language and get a few words of bemba vocabulary - too bad for me , AFTER opening the package you find out that 76 languages are included in their interface with audio and phrases , 25 languages only have vocabulary flash cards -LRB- `` vocabulary of the world '' -RRB- and no audio ! Bemba , that I couldnt find in other language learning aids , was , unfortunately for me , one of the unspoken languages . If you are interested in learning a major language , such as Spanish or Thai , there are better products . If you are considering getting this product because you are interested in getting some exposure to an obscure language like Bemba , Maori , Samoan , make sure it is one of the `` Languages of the world '' and not one of the `` vocabulary of the world '' langauges , because these scammers make it so can not tell until you open the package .
 I am a student that studies 5 languages currently . I am very much into languages and I thought this would help me . I bought this software specifically for Icelandic , Vietnamese , Arabic , German , and Inuktitut . Turns out that the only helpful and useful language title was German . Most , actually all of the other languages just gives phrases to practice , and it is the exact phrases as the other languages . It makes learning a language fun , GUARANTEED ! Dont purchase this software if you would like to learn a language that is on here . If you are really interested in learning a specific language , purchase Rosetta Stone Software . It may be a little bit of money , but it is definatley worth it .
 Like everyone else is saying , this is absolute garbage and the company is trying to scam you by posting bogus 5-star reviews on Amazon . All products by Transparent Language are basically a 10-page piece of text spoken aloud by a native speaker . To lay the foundations of your language learning they use short , useless help files -LRB- a one-page list of the letters of the alphabet and a very sparse introduction to the different parts of speech -RRB- and nothing else . If you pay a single penny for this you 'll regret it .
 This book does not cover Tamil . . which is the most refined ancient language in the world . . The Tamils or Dravidians arrived in India from Mesopotamia . . more than ten thousand years ago . . establishing the Mergargh . . Indus Valley etc civilizations ... Tamil or the Dravidian languages . . developed a rudimentary form of Sanskrit when it arrived on the Indian shores from Asia Minor . . Many route words in the European languages have Tamil roots . . Even French . . The Dravidians and the other Mesopotamians were very good mariners in Ancient times well before Columbus . . they even colonized South America . . which is why Columbus went looking for them in South America . . he knew what he was doing!Extremely influential group of people in ancient times ... some historians even believe that the pharoahs were Tamils or Dravidians . . Currently in India . . Dravidians are found all over India . . and some of them have mixed with the indigenous of India . .
 I love comparing and hearing the sounds of different languages , and this product has definitely given me much enjoyment . You can probably learn some good phrases and vocabulary , but as other reviewers have already said , this is more of a sampler , than a serious language product . To go deeper , go elsewhere.The pronunciation feature , where you speak into the microphone and have your pronunciation judged against a native speaker , looks cool , but it 's useless . It took me awhile to figure that out , but for fun I tried speaking Japanese like Goober of Mayberry and got a much better rating than when I tried to sound authentic . I promise I 'm telling the truth here .
 Can anybody tell me whether or not you need to be on-line to use this product or create a web page ? Thank-you
 I have purchased hundreds of items , including software from this site over the past decade plus . THIS IS THE ABSOLUTELY WORST ITEM THAT I HAVE EVER PURCHASED FROM THIS SITE OR ANYWHERE !!!! The software worked for only ONE computer !!! NUMEROUS EMAILS to wincleaner are fully ignored.THIS COMPANY IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST !!!! Do not be fooled by trolls who give this product more than one star ! The company must have employees log on to give this product favorable evaluations , but read the truth for the numerous people who have been robbed by wincleaner.Offered serial number , valid purchase info. , but wincleaner does not even take the time to respond w. activation code.Save your money and buy air !
 This software is old , Magellan not longer supports updates so , that is a problem for charts on this region where the waterways change constantly due to shoaling and shifting sand.Is a nice chart that can not be trusted for navigation , so its use is just very limited , looks nice on the portable gps unit , can not be transferred to a laptop for larger image because the transfer/install software needed , again , is not longer available.You may find a better use for this amount of money .
 The chart box came pre-opened . The software disc would not even open on the computer . The company will not let us return it because it is opened , even though that is how it came .
 I installed this game on both of my computers . Both of them are new and far exceed the minimum requirements to run the game . The game will not run on either machine . I can install the program but the game will not start at all . Very disappointing for my 5 year old who was so excited and has been waiting forever to play this game . I sealed the box back up and returned it to WalMart , even though I did n't buy it there . I got store credit which was fine with me .
 Spent 30 minutes on the phone with tech support and still could not get game to work . Installing game would shut the whole computer down . No fix available and only suggestion is to either wait for a fix by continuing to watch website for a patch or send it back to company for refund which must be done within 90 days of purchase . I will be sending it back for a refund . Ca n't believe they did n't test this game better before releasing it to the public . Have one very disappointed little girl on our hands since this was the only computer game she received for Christmas !
 Do n't buy this game ! It totally crashes my pc -LRB- Compaq wi WinXP -RRB- and from the other posts it appears I am not alone . This is a relatively new PC with pleny of memory and processor . Did not make for a happy Christmas moment!I am always extra disappointed when the manufaturer has a lame web site with no support like VU . Did the driver update dance etc. . no luck .
 Installed the software on three systems that all far exceed the minimum system -LRB- and recommended -RRB- requirements . Game would n't start on any of them . No patch is available on the vendor 's support website .
 It is comforting to know , after reading the other reviews , that I was n't the only one having problems getting this game to work.Even after installing more memory and updating my video card driver so that my system would far exceed the requirements , the game still caused my system to crash . There must have been a rush to get this game out in time for the movie release . I too have one disappointed youngster since Christmas morning -- guess this gift goes back to Santa .
 Though somewhat juvinile I found the game still enjoyable . It was challenging sometimes because it was genuinally difficult to do some of the thing that needed to be done , and other times it was because they did n't explain well enough what you had to do in certain situations . Because of that , I recomend that everyone new to the game look at control settings to find out what moves this cat has up his hat . One of the reasons I enjoyed the game is because I enjoyed the movie . Although not in a story mode , it was still fun to chase Quinn out of every corner of the mutant house . However I must warn some people that the extra points are not just bonuses . Sometimes you will need a certain amounts of points if you want to continue the game , plus if you get all the points out of a level , that part of the house goes back to normal . For boss lovers I 'm sorry to say that their are only two of them . That 's why I think that the Cat in the Hat is a mixed bag .
 This detail mapping is not for use with the Magellan Explorist XL.It contains it 's file in an IMG format wich is not compatable with the XL . The Explorist XL needs an IMI format detail map . Even though it is `` supposed '' to work , do n't believe it . This is information that I recieved straight from Magellan Corporate . They did tell me that it will work with `` older '' explorist models , but NOT the XL .
 The centerpiece of WinWay 's Resume Deluxe 11.0 -LRB- and most top-selling resume software -RRB- is its Resume Wizard . However , even in 2005 , with an online updated version of 11.0 , the software designers at Winway could n't be bothered to provide a way to save your work in the Wizard and continue it later ! And , since Winway also does not let you import old resumes you may have on file -- another ridiculous oversight -- this HUGE design blunder means that in the very time-consuming process of building a resume from scratch you BETTER finish the entire process in one sitting ! There is NO way to save all the data you enter on previous jobs etc. , etc. except -- and here I quote a tech support guy -- by `` leaving it on . '' Meaning
 I wanted a program that would handle all the formatting -LRB- MS Word is such a pain -RRB- and let me do the writing . This is NOT the program for someone like me . This program is designed to write all the words in your resume -- it has a data bank of hundreds of jobs and job descriptions for each of these . I suppose if you 're totally incapable of writing your own resume , this program would be good . But if you 've gone as far as reading reviews on Amazon , you 're probably capable of writing your own resume and should avoid this program . Even if you DO want a program to write the resume , this program is way too complicated and kludgey to be good . It 's really hard to work with .
 I was used to Resume Maker from Individual Software and thought that WinWay would be a better program . But it 's worse . As already mentioned
 Winway does n't really bring anything new to the table when it comes to writing up a resume . I was first acquainted with Winway at my local Jobworks Center where the professional consultant introduced us to this software . It was pretty good at first , the software which types your resume for you . But the problem is , many of the words and phrases in Winway seems out-of-date and obsolete by today 's standards and in today 's cutthroat job market you have to make your resume stand out ; sadly , Winway does n't do any of these . HP Professionals who hire online will look at the Winway resume and , presumably , toss it in the trash bin . Because they come across this kind of resume all the time . Words like , `` Competently trained professional , '' `` Willing to work ` round the clock to come up with a program to satisfy customers , '' `` Savvy worker , `` and `` great leadership skills , '' are such commonplace buzzwords nowadays hiring managers are going to get bored to tears reading the Winway format . I am not enthusiastic about the graphics and design and overall layout of Winway Resume.I have taken my Winway resume to Resume critique workshops only to have professionals say much of what is in Winway is outdated -LRB- for instance , it is no longer in good form to use `` Objective '' in your resume -RRB- . The video tutorials are pretty good but , if you have any common sense , this would n't be of any benefit to you . If you have a Microsoft Word 2003 software it has an option of typing up resumes and a more impressive layout and overall design than Winway . And it 's much cheaper , too .
 There really is no way that I can even give this product a single star . It is TERRIBLE . The program is very restrictive and does n't seem to consider many variations to a basic style . There were virtually no options for us to create an academic resume . The styles all looked horribly unprofessional . I would be embarrassed to send out a resume produced by this program . You can do much better using Word by yourself .
 This is -LSB- poor -RSB- ! I purchased this software for the sole purpose of exporting my presentations from Mac to PC -LRB- PowerPoint -RRB- . It looses all effects of transitions between slides . When importing Powerpoint presentations to Keynote , it jacks up the text so that you have to reconfigure it again.When I phoned Apple about it , they said there was nothing that could be done.Not a good investment people ! Run !
 Software was exactly what they said it was - an `` older version . '' So old it would n't work on a Mac running OSX . Oh well . It was cheap enough to be worth the experiment ...
 I did not know this was a very old version of the program . I guess I did not do my homework before purchasing . I did n't realize that such an old version would even be up for sale . I wasted my money .
 I understand from reading the wikipedia article on WebObjects that starting in 2005 , the WebObjects development kit started being free as a part of Apple 's XCode -LRB- which is free -RRB- . Since 2006 , development for WebObjects is supported , using Eclipse -LRB- which is free -RRB- . I also understand that Apple deprecated the use of Cocoa and WebObjects , used together -- but you can still use pure Java for WebObject development . This is OK since Cocoa is proprietary to Apple and the Mac and Java is available for many platforms -- not just on the Mac.As far as I understand , you do n't have to spend any money to develop for WebObjects -LRB- so you do n't need the product that this review is about -RRB- but I believe that to deploy web-apps developed in WebObjects that you have to have to buy the Server Version of Mac OS X -LRB- retail $ 499.00 to $ 999.00 -RRB- . Mac OS X Server v10 .4.7 10-ClientMac OS X Server v10 .4.7 Unlimited Clientor instead of buying Mac OS X Server , you can buy an XServe computer -LRB- which includes the Server Version of Mac OS X Server software -RRB- . WebObjects is for Enterprise software which means that it is well-suited for larger projects -LRB- i.e. for websites that get a lot of traffice -RRB- . An alternative to purchasing Apple 's Server Version of the Mac OS is to have your website hosted by a web-hosting company . Be aware that enterprise solutions such as WebObjects which use server-side Java are more expensive to have hosted than technologies that are only suitable for smaller-scale operations.Kaydell
 I found this in the Mac OSX Server Upgrading and Migration PDF that is available on the Apple website . See page 5 .
 I just purchased this product and was eagerly looking forward to using it , because it promised so much bang for the buck . Granted , I have only been playing with it for a couple of days , but I have very little to show for the amount of time I have spent trying to get a simple website designed . Instructions are either unclear and/or redundant . When I read the printed manual I see directions to click on something that never shows up . But the worst thing of all is that the program has locked up on me far more often than it has accomplished what I wanted to do . I have wasted much precious time shutting it down and rebooting . I could n't even register the product without difficulty
 This program as very limited and not user-friendly . I got this for my mom so she could build her own site without me havng to run it . The directions are difficult to follow and customer service is worse . Use WordPress or something like that if you are nw at web design . Much less headaches .
 This program simply does not work correctly . Program has many bugs and they are not responsive . In fact , their customer service , by email , and by phone is even worse than the usual poor service one gets on tech lines . DO not waste your money .
 I have used this software for almost a year now just because I was too lazy to read the 800 pages manual of Dreamweaver -LRB- I know better now -RRB- . I ca n't count anymore how many times it frustrated me
 I just started using the program and have had the same problems as another reviewer - no registration code emailed to me and the program crashes at the most inopportune times , such as when I try to save my work . So far , many hours wasted , no website created . Also it does not load pre-existing websites correctly - so if you have created a website elsewhere you are stuck editing it with the original software . So far I am leaning toward returning the program . All the sample sites included cause my internet explorer to pop up the security warning on them . I do not want my customers to think I am trying to spam or spyware them . I just want a plain but informative website for them . I have tried this program , Website Creator , FrontPage , Word , and writing html from scratch . I have to say the best are scratch html and word as far as ease of use . I do n't understand why all the software tries to add crazy html language that makes warnings pop up or makes things stop working.I will update this review as I learn more and if I hear back from the company with my registration code .
 This program is a nightmare . I tried both the 5.0 and 6.0 and both are so badly designed it 's virtually impossible to figure them out . Tools disappear after using them once , nothing remains in a default mode while TRYING to build one simple page , and the pop up instructions are inadequate and simply tell you to go to the tool bar or something else but does n't tell you WHAT or HOW to do anything ! I have never used anything so confusingly designed and gave up after attempting to read the online instructions , which are just as bad as the pop ups ! Do n't waste your money unless you are an accomplished webmaster ... and even then , you 'll loathe this quirky program .
 This program does not follow the instruction manual . Many times I went , `` by the book '' only to find out alot of dead ends . You have to spend hours to get even a simple website up . Forget trying to add music background . And tech support ? Yeah right , they dont respond to your emails . You cant even call them collect ! Would not buy again .
 I am a current user of Acronis Disk Director Suite , Version 10 . The partitioning feature of this product is very intuitive and works without a hitch - even on RAID.The OS Selector feature appears to be very buggy and looks like a quick & dirty add-on . The documentation on their web-site is minimal at best.Support is via E-MAIL only , takes a number of days , and they do n't really answer your questions . They do n't answer their forums either . The forum appears to be supported by their users for the most part and everyone is guessing.I would have expected far more from a comercial product - you are much better off using open-source offerings than this product . There does n't seem to be a way to request a refund either so unless you know someone that has managed to get it working right - I would recommend trying something else like plain old GRUB or LILO .
 I owned Acid 2.0 a few years back and had loads of fun making music and re-mixing . A couple years passed , I lost the Installation CD 's , and my wife graciously bought me Screenblast Acid 4.0 . Well , it looks and works just like Acid 2.0 , except the included loops are all cheesy , already slapped-together garbage , and there are much fewer of them.Sure , you can get more loops via the Screenblast.com web site , but it 's $ 39.95 per year to subscribe . And all the Acid Loop Libraries ? Now that Sony owns them , they 're $ 50 EACH !!! Almost the cost of the software itself to own just one library!If you need more loops -LRB- and you WILL -RRB- , find web sites like AcidFanatic.com , where these libraries are still reasonably priced , or just find free loops elsewhere.VERY disappointed in this product . You 'd think that two revisions and a major media outlet would improve this great product , but Sony has just turned this into a cash cow for their music loops . It 's like giving you a car for free , but it runs on `` Special '' gas that costs $ 10 a gallon ...
 This is for people who are not already familiar with this kind of software . Do n't bother . The tutorials are of no help whatsoever . Here 's an idea
 this software sucks ! first when you get it the samples are so freakin ' cheesy and when you want cool loops you have to get on Sony 's website and buy them seperately -LRB- what a rip off ! -RRB- Buy the other Acid pro thats 250 bucks ITS SEMI COOL.SONY YOU CHEAP RIP OFF !
 your web address ca n't be found . i have took acid4 .0 back two time and it still dos n't work . i tryed to get my money back but best buy said it is copywrited.so thanks for the trouble !!!! this has got to be one of worst product that sonyever put there name on.so thanks for taking mymoney !!!!
 I recently had correspondence with Sony . They advised me that they shut down ScreenBlast.com on 9/30/04 . They confirmed that there will be no updates for ScreenBlast Movie Studio 3.0 in the future , since they have essentially discontinued it . You can imagine my dismay , having purchased this product only 6 months ago.They did say that they will support it if you e-mail them , but there is no site for User Tips , etc. anymore . Because of my frustration , they sent me all the links to the media -LRB- sound , video files , etc. -RRB- that would have been available to me at ScreenBlast.com , since I was n't able to get it before they shut the site down . They also extended me an offer to buy an upgrade to their replacement product , Vegas Movie Studio 4.0 , which includes DVD Architech Studio 2.0 -LRB- instead of MyDVD -RRB- . After enough complaining on my part , they gave me the full version of the replacement product for free . Initially , I felt pretty good about that and felt that they had taken care of me adequately.That was until after another inquiry I sent them brought me this message
 I wish I had not purchased this software . It has many flaws . One , if you have several pictures on your timeline and wish to extend or shorten the play time of that particular picture , you have to edit ALL the pictures after it . Not much fun when you have 50 pictures up there ! Pinacle automatically moves surrounding pictures , much easier !
 Dont buy this software , belive me , its the same as Video Explosion Deluxe but with a new name , its incredible that a Brand like Sony had approve this kind of trick ,
 The product does not work !! It will capture vidio for a few moments and then freezes requiring a reboot to get things straighted out again . I 'll never know how bad it is because the support in almost impossible to use unless I want to pay more money -LRB- good money after bad as they say -RRB- . The videomaker that came with my computer works better than this program . It flys in the face of old logic that if you pay for it it must be better . Stay with microsoft or go with Pinnacle and leave the sony alone .
 The program has the right idea and is very easy to use . However , I have issues . If I tune the guiter with the program tuner , I am able to play along with some of the songs . Many of the songs are played in a different key making it difficult to play along with . I contacted the Tech Support and they have offered no assistance . Only saying that they have never had this problem before . The program -LRB- if worked correctly -RRB- would be awsome . Because of a lack of Tech Support , I have to give it a poor rating and not recommend the purchase .
 Although the Amazon website says `` Transfer your notes and routes from your GPS to Terrain Navigator 's detailed maps to analyze where you 've been '' , MyTopo Terrain Navigator is not compatible with my Garmin etrex Vista HCx GPS.I had no way of knowing this until I installed the software and attempted to go through the GPS setup procedure where the software would not recognize my Garmin model.I returned the package to Amazon.com same day as received .
 For the past 5 years I have been an elementary music teacher . I had 150 bucks to spend from my PTA and I really enjoy working with Sibelius notation software , however , this paticular product is an absolute waste .
 Yes , when you use Control Panels : Programs and Features : Uninstall -LRB- it does n't have an uninstall program in its folder -RRB- , every little bit goes away . That 's good!Unfortunately that 's the ONLY good thing I can say about this program . I tried over the course of an afternoon to get it to work with World of Warcraft and it would n't . I 'm not even sure it saved all the commands I set it up for -- looking at the text file , it seems to have recorded only one . Pity.I ca n't vouch for its usefulness in the other programs it says it works with , , as I bought it for that one program ; but if you 're running WoW , avoid it at all costs ; and if you 're running something else , good luck .
 Having moved from Southern California to Northern Idaho , I was looking for map information of off road trails and roads in my area . During my investigation , I ran across this Maptech software and it sounded pretty good so I bought it . It is worthless , it did n't even show major trails and roads that I have been on many times . It did n't show much of anything , and when I looked at streets in the town I live in , it showed things that have n't been around in years . The information must be 20 years old . Even my Microsoft `` Streets and Trips 2006 '' software was more informative and it is n't meant to be used for off road . I called the company and they basically said , too bad . I see now that it is n't even available through Amazon.com anymore . Good thing , but I would advise against any Maptech products .
 This mapset is very , very old . Dated 1994 so if you want to follow newer roads , good luck with that.The printed maps have all the info you need such as declination and coordinates so you can get from point A to point B and the software has some good tools but i would n't count on it if anything had changed in the last 19 years that might effect your route .
 I bought this instead of an upgrade for my old Omnipage , because of the reviews I read here . Bad mistake ! It comes with an odd-ball install program that incorporates both a floppy disk and a CD . It was impossible to install the program from the floppy disk , because the floppy-disk install program crashed my system every time I tried . The manufacturer did not respond to my email request for assistance.It was possible to install from the CD , but that installation is for a trial period only , after which the program presumably goes dormant until you re-purchase it.I returned the software for a refund of my purchase price .
 I have owned this product for a number of years and it ran well on Windows 98se . I just recently upgraded to Windows 2000 on a PC that does not have a floppy drive . It is not possible to reinstall this software without a floppy drive . Copying the floppy to another media using a machine with a floppy does not work . It appears you must use a native A
 ABBYY FIneReader 5.0 Home Edition is an exceptionally valuable , high quality product a very affordable price . This program is as accurate as any other I have tried , costing far more . It is as easy to use as any other OCR software package out there , and is just as accurate . When considering the price is below ... -LSB- undisclosed dollar amount -RSB- , you can not go wrong with this product . I quit using TextBridge and Omni Page after trying this product . Those other programs cost three to five times more , and provide no greater productivity . Best ... -LSB- undisclosed dollar amount -RSB- I have never spent on software .
 I wish I had checked out the Abbyy website before I bought this . I might have been tipped off to potential problems if I had noticed not one but two separate patches to make this version work on my relatively new computer . But I did n't , and all I saw were the glowing reviews on Amazon . I have a standard , new-ish computer , and above-avg skills . I can not get this program to work at all . The patches have been installed multiple times , and the program itself has been installed & reinstalled multiple times.Here 's the worst part , however
 This is a review of ProVenture Label Maker v4 .0 , which may be the product that some Marketplace sellers are sellinghere , here , here , here , andhere . Amazon may display this review on the page of another version of this product , for which this review may not apply . After reading this review , please click on the links and e-mail the respective Marketplace sellers to find out what version they are selling , so that you can be assured that the product this review applies to is the same one you thought it was for . -------------------------------------------------- I will be reviewing ProVenture Label Maker v4 .0 , which was released in 2006 -LRB- according to the copyright date on the blue and white box -RRB- . Product Information * Developed by
 Microsoft is still successfully putting out their fabulous Office suite . Office 2000 was the perfect piece of software . In my experience , it was reasonably stable , had great options , and ran efficiently . I could n't imagine anything else that needed to be added . Unfortunately , Office XP is a lot slower and just does n't have such a polished feel to it like 2000 does . It feels overly bogged down with unnecessary graphics -LRB- especially on the menus -RRB- and is a lot slower than 2000 . Sure , its still a good product and I only give it 2 stars by comparison to 2000 . There is absolutely no reason to upgrade ! Do n't get tricked by Microsoft . If you are buying Office for the first time , see if you can find a copy of 2000 somewhere .
 Office XP has a few new features but some of the things you have grown to rely on are gone.For example , in File \ Open , you used to be able to type in a word and every file with that word in the title would pop up . No more . Now you have to type in * word * to find your file.If you are drafting documents in both Outlook and Word , the machine will still hang up . I could go on.I have the newest and most powerful hardware and have all the MS-Office products . I have used them for years . I am not a Microsoft basher . I am just very disappointed in this product.As a publisher , author of 28 Books , 109 revised editions , six translations and over 500 magazine articles as well as a consultant to the book publishing industry , I spend a lot of time using my computer . I need the best tools . Office XP is an expensive disappointment.Dan Poynter , Para Publishing .
 I purchased this upgrade , because MS said it was basically 30 % faster than Ofc 2000 . NOT ! ... It 's more like 30 % slower!I use an Intel PIV 2.4 GHz with 1Gig DDR RAM with twin 80 WD SE drives , and an ATI 9000 Pro 128Meg video . There is not a lot of fluff apps loaded on this machine , because it is my primary business computer . Office XP Pro is amazingly much slower than Office 2000 , especially Outlook . Between messages , it seems that it takes forever to load . Word is not used as my editor . Even with all the Service Packs -LRB- 2 -RRB- and updates installed . Even the machine performance degraded after installation . Prior to installation , speed wise , the computer would average 1100 + on pc pit stops performance test . Now , it averages 950 + . Go figure ... Functionality is basically the same as Office 2000 with one exception , Photo Draw has been removed from Office XP . -LRB- One less useable app , more money for Ofc XP -RRB- . The graphics in each app is improved in Ofc XP , but what does that really provide?If you already have Office 2000 Pro , do not upgrade to Ofc XP Pro . Office XP Pro is definately not worth the additional $ $ $ . The only gain apparent is the improved graphic interface , but even that is not much , and not all that .
 nothing new . It 's slightly better versions of everything , nothing nessisary , even for buisness . Office 2000 was excellent , inovative , and still great ! It 's a much better deal to get O2000 now , O2002 is too exprensive for nothing great
 Installed the upgrade over Office 2000 on a well equipped XP Professional system . Liked it well enough but after an online update , File - > Open began taking 20-30 sec per level to navigate to the file . Unfortunately , installing this package seems to put the ` better ' file menus in and everything came to a crashing halt . Worse news is that it would n't uninstall nor reinstall/fix -LRB- something got corrupted -RRB- . A Msoft A + beat on it a long time then finally reinstalled XP -LRB- unfortunately an all too common occurance , for lots of reasons -RRB- and all was well until I installed Office XP again . The problem recurred but this time , a system restore cleaned it up . Still using Office 2000 . Now using Office XP as a gold coaster . I 've heard of this happening on other systems . . something in the networking maybe . . We 're using a Linux server w/Samba drive . Works great with everything else . .
 I being trying the beta version for quite sometime , and i say if ur happy with OFFICE 2000 Premier -LRB- which officeXP professional SE is -RRB- , stick with it.This version i think is slower because it uses too much graphics as if a business apps should be a game . I say NO!But the good side is that they finally put htm capability on the second cd which is PUBLISHER 2002 -LRB- lets u save to html , which is actually good because u can share it as a webpage -RRB- . So just upgrade your current publisher to publisher 2002 !! Because aside from the annoying `` softer '' graphics -LRB- similar to winME -RRB- , I say it basically a waste of your 500 dollars .
 Like all the products that Microsoft make , this is just same old stuff with a new name on it AND some more major bugs . I do n't like the idea of mandatory registering , one would question what kind of DATA is microsoft collecting from our home PC . it 's also too expensive for nothing new . Stick with office 2000 as long as u can .
 I DONT RECOMEND TO BUY THIS COPY OF OFFICE THE SOFWARE IS THE SAME AS OFFICE 2000 WITH A MORE GRAFIC DISPLAY . YO NEED TO ACTIVATE IT CALLING MICROSOFT AND THEY BY PHONE SPELL A 42 DIGIT NUMBER TO ACTIVATE THE PRODUCT . AND IN THE NUMBER THEY ONLY SPEAK ENGLISH -LRB- I ONLY SPEAK SPANISH -RRB- . THE SOFWARE IS EXPENSIVE AND IS THE SAME AS OFFICE 2000
 Would not buy unless an `` upgrade '' price is offered .
 I suppose this game would be great fun if only you have the accelerator that it requires . After I discovered that it would n't run on our very new , very high-tech PC , I tried to find the accelerator that it required , to no avail .
 I bought this without looking at the release date -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . This game may have really something 8 years ago but it sucks by todays standards .
 This CD-Rom has no tutorials . The game-like format is frenetic in audio and in visuals . Wrong answers are not corrected . My young teen was very disappointed .
 I 'm an older ND fan . I 've played at least 5 of the games , and this one is such a bore !! I bought it because of the great reviews . I can barely play for 5 minutes before I feel like doing something else . Castle Malloy , Crystal Skull , and Blackmoor Manor were excellent . The Wolf one was great too ! I may not even get through this one .
 I have played all the ND games . This was one of the hardest , to me . Just too much brain work . But it had a great story ! Ca n't say I 'd ever give any ND game 1 or less stars .
 Since I bought Scarlet Hand I will try to solve the puzzles , but The Haunting of Castle Malloy is more fun to play , in my opinion .
 I am generally a big fan of the Nancy Drew games - I love adventure games and found that Nancy Drew games are not just for kids . However , I really was not thrilled with this one - the tasks and puzzles seem to be WAY too drawn out . After a while it seemed like such a chore to get thru a task . Even consulting a walkthrough , I got bored real quick - and got to a point where I just could not sit thru it anymore . The only other game I 've stopped playing in the middle of it was `` Journey to the Center of the Earth '' . I thought Message in the Haunted Mansion was far more fun .
 Basically , Symantec bought out the Powerquest folks , then rebranded Powerquest 's DriveImage 7 , whittled on it a litle bit , and renamed it Ghost 9 . Then they took their own program - Ghost 2003 - and chuncked it in the round file . Bad move . Because of the two , Ghost 2003 if definitely the lesser of the evils . Symantec obviously failed to address the reliability problems inherent in DriveImage.After I was bombarded by continuous error messages thrown at me by Ghost 9 as it struggled to come up with good -LRB- integrity-wise -RRB- images - and read them - I decided I did n't want to trust my system to this undependable , unreliable piece of software -LRB- once again -RRB- . So whatever you do , test this out under simulated battlefield conditions -LRB- i.e. , that BSOD that 'll be here before long -RRB- . And be * sure * to back up your system just prior to installing it !! Incidentally , Symantec also acquired Powerquest 's Partition Magic -LRB- an excellent program -RRB- , that I use in conjunction with Ghost 2003 to image . It 's saved my butt-fanny many times.Take the time to become accustomed to Ghost 2003 's backup and restore procedures . Ghost 9 's better eye candy , interface , and documentation just ai n't worth it . I agree - if it 's a buck , so what ? It is a consolation that Ghost 2003 is included in the package . Now that * was * a good move.Ghost 9 could be made into an extremely useful program -LRB- for example , the incremental backup function is a great idea -RRB- . But for now , avoid it like the plague .
 I have a shared drive on a small network running XP . Ghost is an old DOS program which does n't like shared drives , does n't like networks and does n't like XP . Strongly recommend purchasing something else for this application.P.H.Woods
 The recovery CD program would not work . It would start up , but the menu options for recovery would hang the system.There is ZERO support . The online support is totally worthless , and otherwise you pay big bucks.I am demanding my money back on this total junk .
 I got Ghost 9.0 included with Norton Internet Security 2005 . I 'm usually a very big fan of Norton products , however this time , I got quite a few headaches.First , installing Internet Security 2005 would have problems while running LiveUpdate . I 'm guessing it was having some conflicts with my previously installed Norton SystemWorks . Anyways , after uninstalling everything , and reinstalling , Internet Security and SystemWorks were up and running.Then I decided to install Ghost 9.0 . I had read on Amazon about all the problems people were having with 9.0 , but I decided to be a bit adventurous . Turned out to be a total flop show . Every time I tried to install Ghost 9.0 , it would hang my PC . I finally gave up . Will probably use the Nero software I already have or purchase the Acronis software that others have been raving about .
 Automatic backups work great . System restore -LRB- to new drive -RRB- does not work at all . I have Win 2K Pro , SP2 installed on 10 GByte IDE Maxtor . Drive is almost full , due to many applications . Used Ghost 9.0 to create an image of the 10 GByte Maxtor -LRB- MAX -RRB- . Been trying to restore to a new drive , a 30 GByte Western Digital -LRB- WDC -RRB- . Have made more than 3 backup images . Have tried to retore images to the 30 GByte WDC 6-7 times . Used different settings and tweaks . It wo n't work . WDC drive always crashes . Windows blue screen of death . Most frequent error is `` autocheck not found '' . Live-update -LRB- Symantec online app maintenance utility -RRB- is useless . Tech support does not exist ... unless you pay by the minute . I would recommend using freeware or shareware before buying this product . If you disagree , feel free to spend 40-60 hours of your own time understanding the users manual -LRB- almost NO technical content . -RRB-
 Ghost 9 is total dogmeat , in the tradition of its companion products SystemWorks 2005 and Personal Firewall 2005 . I backed up a 20GB partition using Ghost 9 and it took 4.5 hours on a Athlon XP1600 machine with 384MB of RAM - way too slow . And when I tried to restore in Windows mode , it took 2 hours to restore 16 % of that partition - I gave up . In DOS Mode recovery , I was able to restore in 28 minutes , which is decent . But after the restore , the drive would not boot and I got a disk boot error . If I did something wrong with the settings backing up or restoring , I have no idea from the documentation . When I tried to restore again using some different settings , I got the `` Error EBAB0003
 I have used Ghost 2003 for years and I am always amazed how it shuts downs Windows , reboots into DOS , performs its backup , verifies and then restarts Windows flawlessly ... EVERYTIME.I install Ghost 9.0 and was looking forward to having a trues Windows backup . It installed fine , updated , fine , back-upped fine and then has never been able to verify its own files for a proper restore . It has the famous `` EA39070A
 Norton Ghost 9 is a bloated and buggy mess , complete with an interface that does not at all resemble other Symantec/Norton products.Its backups are much larger than those made with Norton Ghost 2003 . Using Ghost 2003 I could back up my entire hard drive to one blank DVD , whereas Ghost 9 insists on using two DVDs.Furthermore , it even deleted the drivers for my two optical drives!Backing up a hard drive within Windows has been compared to trying to service an automobile while it is moving down the highway . Ghost 2003 may seem `` clunky '' and `` old fashioned '' in dropping back into DOS , but that is a fundamentally sounder approach.My `` bottom line '' is that one should definitely stick to Ghost 2003 .
 After using Norton products exclusively since I first started working with computers , Norton Ghost 9 , Norton System Works 2005 , and Norton GoBack 4.01 have forced me to look for alternatives . Norton products have turned into bloated , low usefulness time wasters that absorb your money and yield little or no return . After working with Norton Ghost 9 for the last week , I give up ! It locks up in every configuration possible after 6-7 hours of a-l-m-o-s-t completing your backup . An extremely frustrating waste of time , money , and effort . My advice - find another way - I will !
 The problem with Norton Ghost is that it seems to have problems with some computers and settings , and if it does , it is impossible to get it to work , or to get any meaningful help from the folks at Norton.My wife and I own different Toshiba laptops . For hers , Ghost works perfectly . For mine , installing Ghost causes my computer to blue-screen every time you turn it off , and it never successfully made a backup.As a PC technical support guy , that 's what I see in the world . When it works , it 's golden . When it does n't , no power on earth will budge it.Buy it , and if it does n't immediately work for you , uninstall it and move on to some other product .
 Ghost 9 was supposed to be an improvement ? When you try to clone your boot drive it will copy everything but it will re-assign your system folder to the drive letter that windows has assigned to it . Making the new drive useless , of course . Their website is NO help and their support people ca n't even read the manual they were given.Buy Acronis True Image 9.0 .
 This software is very dissapointing.The advertised USB support does NOT work with nearly allexternal USB drives . -LRB- E.g. Maxtor onetouch drives -RRB- . You can not get tech support except for lots of money per incedent -LRB- about as expensive as the product itself -RRB- . The ` knowledge base ' for this product has virtually nothingto say of any value , either.This is a case where the advertising is rather fraudulent.Don ' t advertise USB support if it hardly works for anything.The whole point of the software should be that you can backup an image to an external drive via USB .
 When I complained to Microsoft about my computer 's hanging up , I got the reply that it was GHOST ; that Symantec knew of the `` GHOST '' problem but had no fix for it . Symantec in many words confirmed Microsoft 's comment . GHOST blocks every new program or alteration of old ones I tried to install . Symantec wants more money to help me solve the problem they do n't know how to solve . The program -LRB- GHOST 9.0 -RRB- does n't even include an `` Uninstall . '' It 's a high negative , a cancer that irradiated with `` Removal '' will return one 's computer to health .
 I have used Ghost for years . This is a bloated piece of software . Too bad they did away with the Boot Wizard . As far as I 'm concerned , backing up Windows from DOS , outside of Windows , was the only right way to do it . How can you properly back up a drive you are currently using . Also , I do n't want to be backing up another 50 MB with Ghost installed . What used to be on a floppy is now just another large Windows utility which I do n't want on my drive .
 My experience with Ghost was crappy I actually tried to flush the cd down the toilet . I bought Ghost for the migration utility . My initial attempts on Windows XP SP2 were discourging . The program kept complaining that it did not have the right instance to scan the drives . I tried reinstalling to no avail . I updated the program and it made a valiant effort after appearing to be working for 4 hours . Bottom line
 I 've been happy with Norton Internet Security for years . When the hard drive in my two year old Dell Dimenstion started making occasional `` retry '' noises , I decided it was time to transfer everything to a new drive . I spent an entire day trying to get Norton Ghost 9 to work . The disk copy would complete sucessfully , but the new drive would not boot . Then I started reading these reviews and found that I was not alone . Based on the recommendations in these reviews , I downloaded the 15 day trial version of True Image 8.0 from Acronis . It worked perfectly . Norton should be ashamed of taking advantage of their good name to sell this software . There is a bright side though . Norton has a 60 day money back guarantee . All you have to do is send in the original disk and your receipt to get a refund .
 Hosed the OS on both my machines . It seemed perfect at first -- the app said I had created images , written to an external HD ... no problem . Then when I go to restore the images , after what looks to be a seamless restore process , my computer is DEAD . Ca n't find system files , keyboard failure , etc. . I feel sorry for anyone who uses this product , expecting it to do what it is supposed to do . It simply is a dangerous application that does not work -- and it will nuke your system . Not even worth one star on the rating level . I wish I could give it a negative -5 star rating to overcome the obvious shills who write positive reviews on this product .
 While creating a backup , it destroyed my disk . This is the worst behavior I can imagine.Creating the backup , it froze . Then , it would not boot Windows . Ghost had put its own boot blocks on the disk , build another partition , wrote itself into that partition , and would not boot windows . You could boot to Ghost , but it would just freeze or fail in booting windows.In the end , I had to format and rebuild the disk ... -LRB- Windows repair did not work . The system would not boot after repair , and repair did extensive damage . -RRB-
 I have an image that spans multiple files -LRB- I did this so I could manage this image -RRB- and I get Error EC8B0022 message saying that the browser can not browse this V2i image . The exact error used to come out in older version of disk image.This is because of the version of v2i browser . Symantes ' c 9.0 really is powerquest product disk image , but it seem some older version since the image browser product was fixed when they upgrade v2i browser to version 2.0 . Worse yet , when I contacted their customer support , they had no clue . The least that the support person should have done is putthe EC8B0022 , in either google or yahoo brower . Instead theyalways made some stupid scary suggestion that has nothing to do with the problem . It makes me wonder what kind of support does Symantec have ? I would not imagine that paying for the support would be any different . If the customer support does not find a match to a common problem in the customer support database then the problem does n't exist and by default it is the dumb customer 's fault.I am really disatisfied with this product , it is a total waste of my money and time .
 It hung my XP machine shortly after installation . Luckily , I was able to un-install it and get my machine back without too much heartache . I then ordered and am now using Acronis ' True Image , which works great .
 Peter Norton 's organization is becoming more and more like Micro $ oft every day . They bought PowerQuest and simply re-branded it . This used to be DriveImage , and what 's funny is that when it was a PowerQuest package it seemed to work . I would HIGHLY recommend Acronis True Image instead of this piece of junk . Symantec -LRB- Norton -RRB- should focus on Utilities and things they are good at , not buying other companies and screwing up what they USED to do RIGHT .
 Gee , I wish I had read the other Amazon reviews before I downloaded this instead of having to learn firsthand . The worst thing about it is n't it not working , it 's Symantec trying to charge you $ 50 to tell you how to get it to work . Their online documentation on the product is rubbish , their marketing is good though . Final verdict
 I made the mistake of buying this product for backing up my hard disk on to CD 's . I have an external cd writer , with which I 've burned hundreds of CD 's . Never a problem , with various programs . Until Norton . Norton never gets it right , crashing at various stages of the burn process , messing up my system in the process , even though my cd writer is listed in their `` supported products '' list . There 's no free support for the product other than an on-line knowledge base . I tried everything they had written in their knowldege base , to no avail . So I get nothing for my money . Hey Norton/Symantec , it 's called stealing .
 I bought a larger HD and wanted to replace my current C drive with the new , larger drive . I spent several days attempting to copy all my files -LRB- including OS -RRB- from old drive to new using Norton Ghost 9.0 . I followed the instructions , and I studied the manual , but I just could n't make it work . I figured , `` Well , you are just doing somethng wrong . Surely the product must work ! '' Then , when I had almost given up , I checked the web to see if others had been having problems . They have !! Now I know it 's not me but the product . Do n't use this product . You 'll probably just waste your time and money like I did .
 I 've been a drive image user for years . My main system has drive image 7.0 and that works fine . It has a few bugs , and it 's gui is dog slow , but it works . I got ghost 9.0 to try out so I could recommend it for my boss at work.After installing on a test system , it suggested I boot the recover cd . Well in DI7 , it 's the same , and while it takes a few minutes to boot , once there it works pretty well . With ghost 9.0 cd , everything I clicked on did nothing for about 3 minutes . Then something would pop up -LRB- e.g. the browser -RRB- . A few times it just hung so long I had to reboot . And while it is doing whatever , there is no indication that anything is happening . Very scary.I did n't try creating any images since the recovery seemed so buggy . And it wo n't matter how often you backup , you have to try to recover a few times or you 'll never know if it will do it when you need it . -LRB- I did find that the recovery cd would boot and run normally on my intel-based pc . Seems it has problems with my amd system . Do n't know if it 's the motherboard or the cpu , but now as I recall , I also had difficulty with drive image 7.0 on this amd system -RRB- But my biggest concern is how annoying and restrictive the licensing is . In my case , I get a new motherboard every year or two , and I just know this sucker will refuse to work if I change anything . Unlike other software that only requires some long serial number , this one needs you to activate it over the internet and it does something to try to tell if you 've tried to use it on another computer . The whole idea of charging by the computer is painful , since who does n't have a couple of computers in the house anymore . I have 3 and I live alone . Can you just imagine your system drive dies and you have been making backups religiously and you try to resotre something and it thinks you are stealing their product .
 Do not rely on Norton Ghost 9.0 if you ever need to recover a primary disk drive . It does not work to recover a Windows XP Primary Drive -LRB- the one you boot from -RRB- to a replacement drive in most situations . If you have read the Help that comes with the software you know more than their technical support folks that are located in India -LRB- the one I spoke with was very difficult to understand -RRB- . Symantec 's knowledge base is very limited and of little help , mostly just repeating information in the product Help . Recommend you find a different solution that works .
 After installing Norton Ghost 9 my system completely hosed up . I could no longer share my network drive . The cloning features did half work and when booting from the CD it took over 10 minutes with a 2.4 GHz system with 512 MB DRAM . This product has been a complete disappointment .
 I paid $ 70 for Ghost 9.0 based on all the glowing reviews in the PC press . I should have looked more carefully.I wanted it specifically to clone my too-small drive onto a new 120 gb drive . I wanted to keep all my programs , etc. as-is - otherwise I 'd just have re-installed Windows XP on the new drive for free.Norton 's documentation sucks . Very little on Disc Copy , and even less on the options you can select , or what you should do in Windows Disk Manager to format and partition the drive in preparation . They also do n't tell you that a nearly-full , fragmented drive probably wo n't copy at all . I finally found that tip in an message board and manged to get my C
 I have been performing system backups with Ghost 9.0 for over a year now , with no problems . Recently , my system disk crashed twice in a matter of a month . The first time I spent four days getting everything to work again using Ghost restore . Barely got it . The second time I was not so fortunate . I am seeking another means of data backup . This version is half of what the previous versions were.PROS : Nice , easy interface . Backup data without rebooting or shutting down.CONS : Resource intensive ! The snapshot feature that allows you to backup while you `` work '' is a resource hog , whether you are doing backups or not . It has proven unreliable for me , overall , mainly due to poor restoration features . Backs up great ! But if you want to restore ... uh , sorry!And of course , Norton 's support is sub-par . Hope you can surf support websites well and speak Indian.Don ' t buy it . Give your money to another company that put some real thought into their product , and supports it . Or use an earlier version .
 I used Ghost once a few months ago to make a boot disk . Worked ok . My hard drive failed recently , so I tried to use Ghost again . After about six hours of failed attempts -LRB- it would copy the disk , but the disk would n't boot -RRB- , I downloaded the free demo of Acronis Trueimage . First time I used it , I got a bootable disk . Acronis has user interface issues , but it did its key job well.The user support for Ghost -LRB- an automated FAQ -RRB- has failed to answer every question I asked it . It yields `` Sorry , the page you have requested is not available . '' , then shunts me to a strange interface that does n't work either . Also , when I try to back up , I am allowed to specify any of the disks I have as sources , but only my boot drive appears as a target . Since it is the boot drive that I want to back up , this prevents Ghost from working for me at all!To understand this review better , let me state my tech bona fides . I in no way claim to be a computer expert , but I do have degrees in chemical -LRB- PhD -RRB- and electrial -LRB- MS -RRB- engineering , used to manage a DEC VAXCluster , and write computer models for a living.This software and support are so bad it makes me doubt that Symantec still employs software engineers . I will definitely check out Trend Micro 's PC-Cillin antivirus next time my Norton subscription lapses .
 I 'll keep this short and sweet since most reviews already pointed out most faults in this junky piece of software.After installing Norton Ghost on my Windows XP machine , the system startup time increased by 5-8 minutes . The desktop would simply freeze when you turn on the PC , then , after some time , the ghost icon would appear and the rest of the system would come alive.The documentation/support is terrible . A classic case of company pinching in every penny by outsourcing their programming talent and support professionals while losing on quality control in the process.Look elsewhere for a backup solution . I use the Windows XP backup tool -LRB- Accessories = > System Tools -RRB- which may not have as many features as Ghost claims to have , but at least it works !!
 I 've used Norton products ever since they were on 5 1/4 '' disks and Peter was in Santa Monica . Over the years my confidence has gradually waned to the point of disgust . This is especially true since Symantec bought Peter out . Today , Tech Support is a joke unless your a card carrying native of India . Even if you understand piegon English all you get is a re-hash of what you 've already read in the FAQ 's or Knowledge Base . No help ; which is why you gave up and called in the first place . I 've installed Norton Ghost and it works insofar of backups are concerned . However ; The majority of reviews I 've read are making me feel VERY uncomfortable about relying on Ghost to do what I paid for it to do . I say VERY uncomfortable because approximately 10 hours was spent scraping Internet Security off my hard drive -LRB- kept erroring out and I gave up -RRB- AND attempting to get Ghost AND Antivirus 2005 not to wipe out LiveUpdate . Neither problem has been successfullly resolved . I feel VERY bad for whoever dares to use Norton products without a high degree of computer expertise because even the experts themselves are n't entirely comfortable with it or are completely disatisfied with it . Oh and by the way ; If you purchased Ghost online and via a download you did n't get the CD . If you do n't have the CD you ca n't boot from it to do a recovery ... which kinda defeats the entire purpose of Ghost , do n't you think ? And there 's NOTHING in the Knowledge Base about this either .
 Having tried several backup products Norton Ghost 9.0 is fair if you can get it to work on your hardware . I have a Sony DRU-510A DVD drive that is does not work with . In addition , it could not backup to my external USB hard drive . Ghost gets about 2 % done and gives me a drive error . When it does work it , seem ok but the boot CD takes a long time to start . I would not buy this product again or anything from Symantec because they have no free tech support . Their web site states free email support but no email address , after calling them they told me they have telephone support , for a fee.I find that drive snapshot works well but does not compress the backup or write to CD drives . But it 's very fast very fast .
 I do not recommend this product at all . Even if it was only $ 1 , why pay for something that does not work ? Compared to the previous DOS version , it does have a more user friendly feel , but really , that 's like lipstick on a pig . If you 've got the older version , and it 's working , count yourself lucky , and do not upgrade to 9.0 . There is no fix available from Symantec , and no awknowledgment on their website of a problem.I have used the previous version -LRB- 2003 -RRB- of Norton Ghost for years , as part of the Norton Systemworks package . When my subscription was up for renewal , I opted to upgrade to the 2005 version of Systemworks , which includes Ghost 9.0 . I back up my home computer every month using Norton Ghost . The first time I ran the program , I was encouraged , as it no longer ran in DOS mode , and seemed to be working faster than Ghost 2003 . Unfortunately , the program hung on the last CD , and after 12 hours I pulled the plug . That was in November of 2004 . I skipped my December back-up , hoping that Symantec would offer a patch for the defect , in their Live Update service . Not so . On January 22 , 2005 , the program hangs up after the first CD -LRB- I need 7 CD 's to back up my hard drive -RRB- .
 I bought Ghost after my disk drive in my Dell computer began to fail . I followed Symantec 's instructions 3 times to image a bootable new drive with no avail . Files were copied , but the drive would not boot . Finally , I got a free software download from the manufacturer of the new drive -LRB- Western Digital -RRB- and it worked fine . After booting up with the new drive , all programs worked except , you guessed it , all of Norton 's stuff , the antivirus , internet security , etc. . . The kicker is that their suggestion was now to uninstall their software and re-install it again . But the software would not uninstall -LRB- including Ghost -RRB- . The funny part is that their site recommends uninstalling all their software before doing a migration , including Gohst ! In other words , you are supposed to uninstall Ghost before you use it to create the new disk . Duh ...
 I `` used '' this software on two entirely different computers . The first was an old Win98FE system . I used the included Ghost 2003 as the manual said to do . The software created a conflict with an I/O PCI device and after HOURS of beating my head against a wall , finally uninstalled Ghost and all was well again.The second machine was a newer WinXP thus I installed Ghost 9.0 . No luck here again . The software somehow screwed up two license server programs to the point neither of the corresponding programs would run OR EVEN reinstall ! EVEN after I uninstalled Ghost 9.0 ! To make a long story short , I reformatted the HDD and reinstalled everything EXCEPT Norton Ghost . At least I 'm back up and running.I am very disappointed in Norton Ghost . I wasted a few days of my time fixing problems I did n't have before Norton Ghost . Surely there is better disk cloning software out there . I DO NOT RECOMMEND NORTON GHOST !
 GUI interface is intuitive . However , I bought this product to upgrade from one hard drive to another . Copying or backup / recover does not work . Windows Hangs on reboot.It appears to have to with Windows copy protection and Serial number being part of registration.Support is non-existant . The DOS product is better.Stay away !!!!!!!!!!!
 I bought and installed this program and after 1 -2 hrs of frustration I gave up on trying to use this product . This one was a waste of money and time . Support apparently is off shore and I could not converse with the support personel do to very poor english.I have made it a point not to purchase Symantec Products again.Sammy Roberts
 What can i say . Yet another package of total garbage I wasted my money on . Does not work most of the time . Is incredibly slow . Completely crashed the one time I needed it . Very difficult to uninstall . I have switched to Acronis True Image which is by far the better package . For all practical purposes tech support is simply not available . Stay away from Symantec .
 I have never had a product perform as badly as this one has - it simply is a very slow process , it does n't deliver an image that is complete or actually makes a boot image as promised . I want to return it .
 Installed this on my laptop and it worked great until I had to use the Recovery Disc to restore a backup from DVD . Ghost recorded the DVD using multiple sessions and the Recovery Disc could only read the 1st session ; pretty lowsy glitch . Fortunately I had a spare PC to re-record the DVD using single session - albeit manually . Other problem I had with this is that on my main computer in Windows XP SP2 , it would always give a BSOD crash every time I tried to use it . The low-level driver was n't cooperating - even after I removed everything else I could think of . Bottom line
 After purchasing and installing Ghost , I was able to make the first backup , but subsequent backups wo n't work after installing the latest upgrade to XP . You will find hundreds of complaints about the same inability of this software to work with the latest version of XP . Symantecs seems to not care about this ` minor ' problem as long as they can keep selling it . You 'll get an exception error when you try to backup or restore so it is essentially useless . Symantec stinks ...
 I have been using Symantec products for few years and in general I do n't have many complains . For most time , I can live with or work around the problems here or there . You know , I am a computer programmer.But this time , I am really really disappointed . I used the Ghost 9.0 and had one of my W2K disk images backed up in a network drive , for that part , it went smoothly . It just happened that one of my hard drives crashed and I need to restore the image back to a new hard drive . Started with Symantec Recovery Disk -LRB- it came with Systemworks Premier that included the GS 9.0 -RRB- from CD-Rom , network service started cool . I used the network drive mapping utility to locate my backed up image . Boy , I was happy , but a little bit too early . When I got to the recovery step , it said
 I 'm an advaced user of disk imaging software . Drive Image 5 was great , but it did n't backup to DVDs , so I purchased Norton Ghost . Symantec does n't tell you in the manual , but you ca n't just install the program under XP SP2 . You have to alter your Boot.ini file first . I did this , but Ghost 9.0 did n't even show an option for backing up to a DVD drive , this despite my drive being listed on Symantec 's site as being supported by Ghost . Symantec 's free support amounts to a few FAQ articles on thier web site that are worthless.After a long an painful search , I found an option to e-mail technical support on Symantec 's web site . After sending repeated e-mails , I got a response a week later refering me to a `` Knowledge Base '' article about CD/DVD drives needing new config files to work with Ghost . THIS ARTICLE IS NOT EVEN LISTED IN SYMANTEC 'S FAQ FOR GHOST ! I tried to search for the articl but it 's not there . After downloading the drivers , it solved the problem , only after a week of frustration . -LCB- Update 12/2008 -RRB- Well , I 've been using Norton Ghost for a few years now , and it 's been working like a champ . I 've done at least 10 restores of my c
 I installed this program on WinXp service Pack 2 . The program installed incorrectly and was absolutely unusable . I went to the support page and searched the knowledge base . I found that most of the articles were just straight from the documentation , which of course does n't exactly help when you have errors . I then sent a message to the tech support for help . Its now been 5 + days and nothing . I assume they will never respond . You have to pay to call . So after editing my registry and uninstalling/installing serveral times I think it is now in a usable state . But now I do n't really trust the software to back up my data .
 I have been trying Ghost 9.0 and Ghost 2003 for about 2 months and reached the following conclusions : * Ghost 9.0 is buggy.It has a really nice user interface and feature set . The problem is that it does not give me any confidence about the integrity of its image files.I installed it on Windows 2000 Professional with English and Traditional Chinese support and used it to create images of 6 FAT16 and FAT32 partitions.I chose to password-protect the first image file . The image browser crashed when I tried to open the image file . So I gave up on the idea of password protection . Strike one.I then created 6 image files with no password protection . If I double-click on the image file , the image browser would crash every time . If I start the image browser and then open the image files , it would be ok , though it still crashes sometimes . Strike two.When I created the image files , I configured Ghost 9.0 to do an integrity check right away . All integrity checks were passed . However , when I spot-checked the content , I noticed that some directories and files were missing in 2 -LRB- 1 FAT16 and 1 FAT32 -RRB- of 6 image files ! One of my partitions is a FAT32 with only less than 10 folders and subfolders and no files . Its image file contained only the top-level folders but no subfolders . All folders and subfolders have English names . I re-created the image file and re-checked
 I bought Ghost 9.0 -LRB- which came with Ghost 2003 -RRB- for my home computer . I am guessing that they included 2003 as an alternate option because they knew that 9.0 had problems.I have not been able to try 9.0 because the serial number provided does not work . I searched around the internet and it turns out that a lot of people had that problem . Unfortunately , I am at work during the tech support hours , so I have not been able to contact Symantec . I tried calling three times from work , but after being on hold for over an hour , i was away from my desk each time they finally answered , so they hung up on me.I tried the 2003 version , which worked ok . But , in order to use it i had to add a drive formatted as FAT32 to save the backups . A FAT32 drive has a maximum disk space of 32GB . So , that is the largest drive i can use with Ghost 2003 for saving backups.For such a large company I do n't understand how they can release products that appear to have little or no quality assurance testing . How hard is it to have someone try installing the software from the box before shipping it ?
 I 'm really disappointed with Symentec . I ca n't understand how symantec sells software that does ' t work . I installed it and everything since to go well until I tried to activate it . It was IMPOSSIBLE !!!!!! I tried typing the CD Key lowercase , then uppercase and it made no differece . It did n't work . Then I tried contacting Symantec 's tech support and i ` va got no answer . The online support does n't help either . It 's like the user 's manual , so it does n't give eny new information about.It 's been 15 + days since I contacted Symantec by phone and by email and I have n't received any solution yet . So I think I 'll be returning this piece of sh ... For those of you that might be thinking about buying this program , please consider another options first or wait some time before buying it in order to give Symantec the oportunity to solve all the problems .
 Drive imaging technology should be able to copy drives , right ? 1 -RRB- if you boot from CD , you ca n't copy drive to drive2 -RRB- In order to copy drive to drive you have to register it3 -RRB- In order to copy drive to drive after you 've registered it , you have to have a valid internet connection so it can check the validity of your license4 -RRB- If you forget to check the `` mark drive active '' box , but you mark the `` copy MBR '' box , it does n't warn you that your drive wo n't be bootable -LRB- even though the only possible reason that you 'd want to copy the MBR is to have a bootable drive -RRB- I bought this program to do one very specific thing
 Upon installing this software , my computer slowed down to `` snail speed '' on startup . It took at least four times longer to boot up than without it . I uninstalled in within a half hour after installing . It is even difficut to uninstall ... I had to go to `` msconfig '' and uncheck it prior to uninstall , because it would n't uninstall otherwise . I have a great system , Pentium D 940 , 3.2 Ghz ,4 Gb RAM , so even though that I knew the software was a `` memory hog '' I expected it would work okay , but I 'm going to stick with Norton Antivirus , Spy Sweeper and Spyware Doctor to protect my PC .
 Just do n't understand why this product gets so many attention . It 's assumed that the product will block `` bad programs '' to visit outside -LRB- internet -RRB- so you do n't loss data . However , do n't believe it!While it blocks `` unauthorized '' programs access Internet DIRECTLY , it DOES N'T block those programs call `` authorized '' programs such as `` Internet Explorer '' , `` Firefox '' to access outside . A simple script can generate a local form file and use IE to post it outside , sending data to anywhere it want without letting you know it at all.Once a spyware installed under your administrator account , accessing outside is always a piece of cake . Zonealarm just gives you the false confidence .
 The first time you start ZoneAlarm after you install it , it phones home by opening up a web page with all sorts of tracking and profiling information about you and your computer . It sends the install key , then it sends stats about what you have installed , and of course your computer IP . It does n't ask whether it may do this and it bypasses all its locks in order to do it . Neat trick for a program someone has just bought to lock down spyware is n't it?After that it proceeds to make Vista completely unstable . Explorer crashes when I enter `` v '' on the start menu . ZA and Adobe Version Cue do n't work well together apparently . There is a persistent but lasting back two versions where it thinks every program is trying to access the dns port of random servers . e.g. notepad.exe will apparently want to access port 53 of cnn.com if that 's what you accessed last.The expert firewall rules do n't work . After adding a rule to allow all dns requests , you still get the popups every time.another new bug with 2009
 I bought this review as an upgrade to 7.0 . I have several thousand photos catalogged in 7.0 The install was not clean . I keep my database on my network , and the instructions for install were unclear as to how to configure the install to go find the existing database . Next I managed to get into some infinite loop of ACDSEE quitting because it could n't find the database - but there is no way to launch the program to change the location . Off to the help forums-which provided some help , but still took a lot of file searching to clean out the install . The uninstall feature does not clean up after itself.Finally get through all that , and try to rebuild my database adding image thumbnails . Got through about 2/3 of my pictures and consistently crashed . Watching the memory allocation , it appears to have some sort of memory leak - just keeps grabbing more and more memory . 7.0 did not do this.At that point I gave up , reinstalled 7.0 -LRB- again after having to manually clean up files from PRO -RRB- . The good news is they gave me a refund without a lot of trouble.May try the upgrade again in a few months - if it looks like the version number has moved . Or wait for Adobe to get a product out .
 Essentially this is ACDSee Photo Manager 9 with a few changes . This program is n't worth the time lost and trouble caused . Crashes too frequently and lags the system , it 's a resource hog before you even start working . I switched to irfanview and Photoshop Elements to duplicate most of the `` pro '' features listed in this app .
 Nice color printout on this card stock . Very satisfied with the few cards that I managed to print out . But ... my Epson R800 printer will not handle the cardstock -LRB- because of the 85 # weight ? -RRB- . The stock will not feed through my printer at all , for multiple printouts . Even one-by-one , the printer spits out the product . NOT truthful , to say that the card stock works well all printers . My Epson prints out gorgeous photos , and I have had zero difficulties with a variety of heavier printing papers . Will NOT buy again . Very disappointed in the product .
 This is a very cheap card and envelope set . The card stock is about half the weight of standard stock , and the envelopes so thin you can see through them . I was hugely disappointed and ended up buying other stock for my project , though I did use the envelopes since on my budget I had no choice .
 I ordered the product . I recieved it damaged.I called in the problem the person told me how to return it properly and asured me they would resend item when they recieved damaged item back.Well I never recieved it . So i called and they told me on the phone that i was not going to get it I had to reorder it and that the person told me wrong before.So its better to just drive to a store and get it instead of waiting weeks and weeks for nothing
 The crease line on these cards is off by at least 1/8 '' . Once you fold the card on the preset crease you will find that your card is crooked . I ended up using my test card which I printed with general purpose HP paper -LRB- uncreased -RRB- and it looks fine .
 Sorry to say that the paper is chintzy and the CD would not install in my computer . I have never had that happen . If I were Hallmark , I would allow us to access the goodies on their crappy CD and design our own cards ... as long as we had the cards printed at their printers.What a dissappointment . Fortunately , I can use the paper for something else .
 The cards are flimsy , not thick paper and have a poor print surface . Almost like printing on plain paper.The envelopes are thin , pretty much bottom of the barrel.Software -LRB- a ` trial version ' -RRB- only works on PC , MAC users need not apply.You get a fancy package with cheap product inside - Hallmark has a lot of nerve calling this ` Premium Blank ' and ` High Quality ' , unless they are describing the box it comes in.If you are trying to make first rate greeting cards , this is not your solution.I spent my entire career in the graphic arts , so I know paper .
 I could only get this paper to feed correctly through my HP 7310 inkjet printer about 50 % of the time , thereby causing me to go through an awful lot of paper ... even after cleaning my printer . I much prefer the Hallmark Traditional Card size , which does n't appear to be available anymore , and did n't give me nearly as much trouble as this paper . Plus , after printing , the card just did n't look as nice . It did n't stand as straight up as straight as the previous Hallmark card stock ... I 'm not sure that the other was thicker or anything , it just seemed less flimsy . For the cards that did print , the ink saturation looked good though .
 This is the second pack of IDENTICAL Hallmark cards . They are IDENTICAL boxes - 85lb -LRB- per box label -RRB- , but clearly the second pack is a lighter weight card , it feels too flimsy . I bought the first box about 1.5 yrs ago . I will not buy these again , as I would be just as well off buying heavy 8x10 stock paper from the art store . Someone at Hallmark should be embarrassed .
 I tried to install this software on a system running Windows XP . I never did get it to work .
 My daughter sat down to use this software and was immediately almost lost . I figured I would give it a whirl so maybe I could help her . Well , I found it basically unintelligible ... and this is from someone north of forty who is fairly computer literate . I am donating this to some worthy cause ... I am sorry it 's too late to return it . I would n't give it any stars if the program allowed for that option !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Will not start up at all on any of my 5 home computers or any of the 34 lab computers that I run . Not the first time I have had problems with this manufacturer .
 I really ca n't give this product any stars ... the system requirements say 7 or later , but later stops at OS9 . This product is NOT OS X compatible , so please beware !
 I bought this product , because it said in the description `` multiplatform use with any tomtom gps '' but in fact it 's not working for tomtom navigator . Furthermore , the announced medium was DVD and what arrived was in fact an SD card with the data . So not usable for me and I returned it .
 I have a Tomtom One that I bought and used without any problems in the UK.When I inserted the USA & Canada map SD card I got an error messsageon the display . Sent it back to Amazon and got a full refund .
 Unfortunately I was unable to use the item as it did not work in my TomTom One XL unit . TomTom customer service was contacted and I received the advice , that they do not produce SD chips for the US ans Canada .
 I bought this product thinking it would just be a quick intro to C++ . It is a full course in C & C++ , but written in 1997 ! The authors assume you have full access to development tools on a Unix machine to test the code , and the Java interface is very -LSB- poor -RSB- -LRB- program interface goes blank if another window covers it , difficult to recover from at first -RRB- . You 'd think they 'd do the interface in C++ if they 're such wizards.Add to that they -LRB- obviously -RRB- do not take into account any of the advances in either the language , operating systems or the hardware over the last 5 + years and you 've got a fairly useles -LRB- for learning , anyhow -RRB- product.Keep away unless you really want to throw money away -LRB- might I suggest a worthy charity instead ? -RRB- , or just want it for historical reasons !
 If you have time to waste then by all means purchase this software . I am not new to using a computer or using software , in fact I do it every day of my life so I was n't worried when the package seemed a little tricky at first . No problem I thought , just take some time with the manual and all will be well.Judge for yourself
 I want to purchases simply accounting 9.0 or 9.0 b Please tell me the prize and how sooner I can get it and how to order by email . Where is your nearest shop . I live in Burnaby BC .
 I downloaded the trial version of this product , entered some sample data and it seemed ok . I bought the product then tried to import the data from the trial version without success . I rang and spoke to the customer support , first person was no use to me and generally uninterested , second person I spoke to wanted to help but referred me to technical support . Technical support just wanted me to go away.It 's not a bad product for basic accounting but if support is anything to go buy I would go for something else .
 I guess I was lucky that I had bought this planetarium software at a steep discount , because had I purchased it at full price I would have highly been disappointed . The graphics are poor , the voice -LRB- with CD inserted -RRB- , narration , and new age music is done in terrible taste . I went through several other astronomy software before I finally found something I liked . About the only good thing that I have to say about this WASTE OF MONEY is that you can create your own screensaver -LRB- if you find that a positive -RRB- . This might be good for a first time user -LRB- maybe -RRB- , but there is an alternative out there . My suggestion would be STARRY NIGHT , either Backyard , Deluxe , or Pro versions . Believe me , its worth the little bit extra !
 This software rates as one of the most ridiculously unprofessional programs I 've ever had the misfortune of installing on my innocent computer . It 's not even good for laughs.Where to start ? The cheesy graphics , which remind me of the old EGA days , look like they were hand-drawn in stubby crayon by a bunch of hyperactive first graders . The `` Hubble '' photographs , for the most part , look like the pre-1970 -LRB- or whenever -RRB- fuzzy black-and-white photos in my grandfather 's old encyclopedia set . The narration , which thankfully accompanies only a few of the segments , is sure to become legendary for the very slurred and incomprehensible babbling voice that is just barely audible above the background noise.The spelling errors are far , far too numerous to count , and this alone makes the creators of the software look incompetent . Some of the names/designations of the celestial , Messier , and NGC objects have somehow become interchangeable -LRB- and I do n't mean the Orion Nebula being both M42 and NGC1976 -RRB- . The `` trivia '' , which is supposedly aimed at young children , is still so inane that a child can get better science education by watching a Rugrats cartoon.You 're better off just arming yourself with a paper starmap and a flashlight.There was no paper documentation at all in this package , so it 's not a good gift idea for a computerphobe . The Planetarium Gold Gift Set includes one paper-jacketed CD , one StellaScope , and one registration postcard . The StellasScope looks impressive , but be warned that the constellations are listed in their English names , so if you want to find Piscis Austrinus , you will have to look for Southern Fish . And that it 's really just a skymap on microfiche in a tube.In its favor I 'll say the program lets you toggle between English and Latin names for the constellations , tracks the planets and phases of the moon , and gives you a general idea of what 's in the night sky.An expensive coaster , that 's what it is . This software package was so lame it 's insulting .
 I purchased this product and found it to be
 This is the most non user friendly piece of software I have ever come across . Unless you are an expert computer user do n't waste your money . The book that comes with this package is nothing but a bio of the authors and their family history . It does nothing to make the software program any more user friendly . DO NOT WASTE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT .
 I used to love this program but not anymore . I was advised by Surething to purchase the upgrade from version 3 to 4 and this would enable me to use it with a Canon i865 printer for direct CD printing . When I took the plunge I ended up having to download an update from special programmer who had done some sort of template . The template does not work very well and you still have to set it up to a degree . For some reason Surething wont support Canon printers . They have lots of template 's for Epsons but no Canons . This of course is only a problem if you want to print direct to CD so if your printing onto paper labels there is no problem doing it that way .
 As a novice I found this software difficult to use , probably because the manual is badly written and fails to explain how you use the tools available to create designs . It may be this is a sophisticated and complex program , but I have spent hours struggling to create the most basic of designs for Jewel Case inserts and CD labels . Perhaps all CD labelling software by its very nature is complex and requires hours of research before it can be used
 If you think your computer messed-up now wait and see what this does to it ! You better have what you need to reformat and reload your harddrive ready because you will need it after this !
 Bottom Line
 Once a worthy page layout program , it was abandoned by its makers in 2002 and support for it is negligible at best . I have yet to find a third-party support book for Version 10 . I would emphasize right HERE that this program is NOT for novices nor BUSINESSES!True , all of the ` features ' may have cost $ 10,000 extra for Quark Express - in 1998 - but today these features -LRB- and many , many others -RRB- are standard in both Quark Express and InDesign , which are both widely used and supported . It is more stable than Quark 4.0 , I will give it that - but Quark last put that out in 1999 . Even a modern version of MS Word can create a business report that is equal to Ventura 's capabilities.Like Corel 's other offerings , many commonly used features are buried within menus . The more useful panels , which control the frames and tables , are buried in the menus , and cover a good section of the screen - and the portions of the work you are adjusting . If you need to adjust another part of the page - close the panel , and open it up again . All very tedious and time-consuming compared to other programs.Another annoyance is the `` Tags '' - in every other program , style sheets . If you need to bold one word , using the standard `` click the B icon '' the entire tag for paragraphs gets change to reflect that one minor change . So you have to create a new paragraph or character style sheet EVERY time you want to make a minor variation to text - even to see if it `` works '' . The other text handling features are rudimentary at best.It really deserves one star - but since I have worked with MS Publisher -LRB- which is far worse -RRB- I have to give it two .
 for anyone less than an ultra-profesional designer with a large bankbook , this is a waste of money . not only does it have a very steep learning curve , but for most people , it costs more than the computer they 'll be running it on .
 I found the program fairly intuitive to start using , and the tutorial was moderately helpful . However , the program does not allow designing for `` English '' -LRB- view-out or walk-out -RRB- style basements where some of the basement elevation is above grade . This is not stated anywhere in the software description or reviews-in fact , based on comments about designing the slope or grade for the lot , I believed the program could accomplish this -LRB- fairly simple -RRB- task . If it could , I 'd give the program a 4 star review - but as it is now , the program is useless to me .
 I bought this thinking that it was a snap to use easy WISYWIG and all around perfect tool for the average home user . Was I mistaken !! I agree with the previous post that you must have time and patience . If you 're using this to get general ideas on your landscape and decks and you have the time to figure how use the software then this program is for you . I spent 4 hours just trying to figure out how the program worked and I still could not figure it our completely . Very frustrating . . One disappointing feature was that I require exact measurements with certain selection . -LRB- Property Boundary , House dimensions , and similar -RRB- Believe me when I say I needed to be accurate to the inch . However , it was only after I called Customer Support did I find out that this program does not allow calculations to exact measurements . The price with rebate and Customer support was fine , but not enough to tip the scales for a favorable rating.Maybe Version 8 will be more user friendly .
 This program seems excellent based on the description of features . However , the program is extremely slow , has major glitches , and falls way short of expectations.The major glitch that I ran into is that the 3D function does n't work . The first time I used the program , I was able to view things in 3D . During the next several attempts , I was unable to view anything in 3D because IT DID N'T EVEN SHOW UP IN THE PROGRAM!I tried to return the product directly to the Manufacturer . They would not accept it back because I was a couple of days beyond their 90 day warranty . Do n't waste your money on this product like I did . If you 're looking for something like this , check out the Punch ! Software titles .
 Too many glitches and bugs to talk about . Their website was of no help and after waiting for phone tech support , -LRB- my nickel -RRB- for a half hour , they couldnt resolve any of the problems . They said they would give me my money back , but how about the three days I spent screwing around with this piece of trash?One particular problem is that saving a file overwrites the old one without removing any of the deleted changes . The result is a uselss mess . Another is that for no apparent reason it does not choose to save some items , so when the file is brought back up all the work has to be done over again . Of course if you expect to print what you see on the screen you are dreaming.Break out the graph paper and pencil . You will do the job in half the time . Take the money and buy some plants .
 Even though the box says this product will work with Windows 2000 , it does NOT . It locked up everytime we tried to draw our landscaping plan . Tech support was of no use whatsoever and eventually told us to send it back , which we did and 6 weeks later we have YET to get a refund.I will never buy another product from Sierra Home again .
 What a test of endurance to install the software . Firstly , you will have to go through the installation process for each of the seven modules althogh they ask the same questions and , for some reason , complain about screen resolutions that are above 640 x 480 ! When running the modules I have , several times , been issued a warning that the appropriate CD is not in the tray . This warning simply says that a certain folder -LRB- N : \ DECK \ DECK for example -RRB- is not available . There is no tie-up associating the required files to a CD number . Why not a simple `` Please insert CD-3 in the drive '' ? I 've only used the software for a simple low level deck project where , from the rear of my house I wish to walk down stairs to the ground level deck . It does n't seem to like adding stairs that go to the deck ? I will experiment more .
 The Land Designer portion of this software will not work at all on my computer . I have a new computer that well exceeds all of the system requirements . I 'm running Windows XP on it . The program wo n't even open . I e-mailed customer service and the best they could do was tell me to clean the cd with water and then reinstall it !? Needless to say , that did n't work . The Photo Garden Designer portion worked fine , but that 's not what I bought it for ! Do n't waste your time or money on this program .
 I have had bad luck with the program so far , when I install a driveway or road on my design the program crashes.It is very difficult to contact the manufacturer for assistance I have e mailed them twice with my problem and have not heard back from them except for them confirming receiving my e mail.This program is tough to get use to but if I ever get the silly thing to work , I think it will be worth the money with the rebate .
 I had version 6.0 of this software and tried upgrading to 7.0 , hoping it would cure some of the problems . The program has great features -LRB- for the price -RRB- ... like being able to pick from a large catalog of plants , see 2D and 3D versions of your layout , and watch your landscape project grow and change with time and seasons . But the software is buggy . Every time I tried placing a driveway on my lot , the program crashed . Worse yet , the original creator -LRB- Sierra software -RRB- no longer develops the software . The new vendor was very helpful and willing to support , but they provide no fixes . I ended up asking for a refund . Unfortunate .
 Custom Land Designer is advertised as `` 5 unbeatable tools for designing and maintaining the perfect landscape and garden . '' The only way it can be unbeatable is if there is no competition . The 3D design portion is intuitive to use , but has no precision measuring or snap-to capabilities , making designing a facsimilie of your house impossible . The selections for your home are sorely lacking as well -- a handuful of ugly windows , a handful of ugly doors -- so you 're better of selecting a prefab house resembling your own . The software has a slope feature , but you ca n't see any slope in the miserable 3D view . The mousewalk in 3D seems to be random -- you move the mouse , sometimes you head in the right direction . The sky backdrops are laughable -- one has a worms-eye view of a house , skewing the perspective in 3D and making your house and lot appear fit for a mouse . The trees and plants in 3D all look the same , and become distorted when you change height . This has the effect of making every design look like something from 1988 's Jack Niklaus Golf for the 386 ; or better yet , colorforms . Grating sounds are played whenever you place an object thereby adding to the irritation of arduous design . It is as intuitive and easy to use as it is completely useless and bland . Also , as a side note , the manual I got was for 3D Home and Land design , so I have a manual describing programs I do n't own .
 Perhaps later versions will be more intuitive to use and the plants more realistic but this one is neither . I found the user interface and help confusing and inadequate . Many frustrating hours were spent trying to learn it . My hope was that the program would provide a better idea for plant spacings and mapping of what I have . I had also hoped it would illustrate visually what groupings would look like before I purchased them . But when I entered the groupings I already have , what I saw was a badly rendered cartoon version of my plants . It is like looking at a badly done portrait and recognizing only elements of the person . Maybe a later version will be worth the time and effort to get the data entered .
 This is the worst written software I have ever bought ! There is no valuable help built in and it is very restricted on the shape that you make your lot or garden . The toolbar has only a couple of buttons and you have to click on them every single time you complete a task , even if it 's a repeat task . There also is no toll-free support . Very user unfriendly !
 I NEVER write product reviews , but I just had to with this item . Be advised that -LRB- according to Sierra online support -RRB- you DO NOT get everything listed on the box -- LandDesigner , PhotoGarden Designer and Garden Encyclopedia are the only products you 'll receive software for . You WILL NOT get Designer Garden Library or Landscape Design Guide . I wrote support three times on this and the fact that I ca n't seem to go back to fix the windows I added to my house , and received curt , insufficient answers days after I submitted them . I 'm considering sending this product back , but I have n't seen another with reviews that were much better . I 'm very frustrated and wish you better luck with your software purchase .
 I 've used the photo design tool for a few years now ... struggling to make my final landscape projects look more realistic and professional . Caveat emptor
 This software is mislabeled and does not run on a modern computer . The only way you can get it to run is to cripple your computer by turning down virtual memory to a level that will cause other applications like Microsoft Office to crash!I bought this and was told by the store that they do n't accept returns on opened software -LRB- which is somewhat reasonable since people would just make copies and return the software -RRB- . Do n't get ... like me !
 This software has a very cumbersome user interface - it 's hard to navigate , searches are cumbersome , and the window is small and ca n't be resized . I once stumbled across an entry about homemade mayonnaise , but have been unable to find it since , because it 's so difficult to navigate.If you 're willing to put up with the cumbersome software , you 'll find useful information in here , and probably good recipes too - but I 'd choose the book any day .
 The cookbook is fantastic ! The CD-ROM -LRB- version 2.0 -RRB- is an unmitigated disaster . It will NOT run on your computer unless you tweak its innards to the point where other programs rebel . I tried for ten minutes and then unistalled it . I will stick with the book but the software is dismal.T J Huber
 The company send me another item , not the one I order . I had to return it because it was not compatible with my computer .
 My son is into his Falcon 4 flight simulator and the computer store salesman said Fly!II would work on our IMAC . He was wrong . It 's taken HOURS to figure out that it 's the game not our operating system , not our joystick , not our fault . MacSoft tech line people were very nice , but since there are 6,000 titles they help on , they could n't get to the root of our problem which is we could n't get the joystick configured to work -LRB- We also could n't get all the keypad buttons to work . -RRB- It may be the video card - the box does say 16 mb hardware accelerator and the IMAC we own only has 8 mb , and there is NO WAY to update it . -LRB- I called Apple -RRB- So we 'd have to buy a new computer . I think not . The simulator does look great . We wish we could play it . But we 'll find something else .
 I have been trying for months to improve performance on this game with no results.Even the people at MacSoft who make the game could nothelp me.Waste of money .
 First let me say , if you are serious about purchasing PC Study Bible this is good starter version . While not loaded with all the content you want , it will take bible study up a notch . I started on this library in version 3 though now I currently havePC Study Bible Version 5 Complete Reference Library . If you are interested the BibleSoft website has good literature comparing the differences between libraries.While the review sounds good , and it was a great piece of software at one time , I can not recommend this for anyone . As a PC Study Bible users since version 3.0 I currently consider this software to be ABANDONWARE . While they continue to add books for sale to the library , I would not recommend this product until new development is forthcomming . Though I do not use it , the BibleSoft user community currently recommends Logos -LRB- most major operating systems / devices supported , followLogos Bible Software -RRB-
 If you want to save some money and some frustration , stay away from this software ... why ? You can not print of export unless you buy a ` Business ' license -LRB- 119 USD at Handango -RRB- , plus the 44.95 you already paid . So you are obliged to only see things in one computer , you can only connect one phone ... and forget about the rest ... After wasting my money here I downloaded MobilEdit ! -LRB- 25 USD -RRB- And you can export even with the trial version ... But you do not have to believe me , try it yourself ...
 Avoid this outdated , difficult to use product unless you own a copy of Aagard 's book `` Excelling at Chess Calculations '' and own Chess playing software like Fritz . By itself the CD is a confusing mess presented as a series of chess problems . You get to guess at the correct decision but there is no discussion of why the decision you made is wrong nor is there any direction on how to make better decisions if you do not have the book . Further , this is old -LRB- circa 2006 -RRB- and there are better programmed chess instruction software packages out there now . Look through the Fritz trainer offerings on the web .
 Like another reviewer , I feel badly burned on this `` update '' . While Garageband has a few nice upgrades , iPhoto has completely destroyed my photo library . Attempts to re-install the older program fail , as the new one seems uninstallable . Apple 's help forum is virtually unmanned , except for one regular who has expansive technical knowledge but ca n't use any of it and gives horrible advice.I have a friend who owns a Mac store , and the vote is unanimous among customers everywhere
 I primarily use only the iPhoto , iMovie and the iDVD functions of iLife . I have no idea what Garageband is and do n't care . I think it is just a way to charge more for what is basically entry level , bare bones editing software . Then again , I once made the mistake of buying iWork -LRB- never again , what crappy software -RRB- . Anyway , my biggest grip with iPhoto 08 is the same one I had for 06 - that even you change the file name of a picture , as far as the computer is concerned , the change only occurs in albums . The problem with that is that if you ever try to browse for a photo for whatever reason , i.e. , email , send off for prints , you ca n't find your picture . Trying to locate specific photos in Mac is virtually impossible , as the computer does not view your pictures by albums , only film rolls , and only in whatever order they were originally uploaded , and even then only by some long file the Mac assigned . This is one area that Windows and it 's ` My Pictures ' is way , way better .
 Apple has morphed into Microsoft.This software is horrible . What happened to Apple ? how could they do this to us ? Apple used to have a reputation for providing great software . This package will make you tear your hair out.It includes iPhoto . How many people have digital camera 's now -- everyone . So you need a way to organize your pictures . Fortunately Apple hardware will run Windows , and you will want to , rather than use iPhoto . You wo n't be able to organize your photos in a logical manner . You wo n't be able to find your photos . Resizing will be so difficult , where on a Windows machine using Thumbs Plus , it was so easy . I ca n't say anything good about this software.iMovie is not much better.The bottom line is software should be good , and not drive you crazy in frustration.Don ' t even consider buying this software .
 I have had such a great respect for Apple Products and could not wait for iLife 08 but Alas the Suite is not all its cracked up to be ... . If you dont have a brand new system forget about iMovie ... . I have the last Generation Powerbook -LRB- 1.67 GH 120 GB 2G Ram -RRB- and have spent Thousands of dollars with Apple ... . Now The New software is not compatable ... . That is a slap in the face for all Long Time Apple Users ... . From another company i might just shine it on as another Money Trip but with Apple I trusted that they were realy Solid with their Customer Base ... . I dont want to second guess or do my Homework as some reviewers have suggested ... This is iLife 08 and Darn it ... its suppost to be Totaly There ... . and Work ... . Im not giving up But ... Im also not installing any more of the 5 loads that I have in the `` FAMILY '' pack ...
 My iWeb refuses to publish updates ... My iPhoto and iMovie lost all of it 's 20 web galleries on . mac overnight and now will not publish any.Apple 's official response ... backlogged and you should n't use these apps for you business -LRB- legal fine print -RRB- . The features are absolutely fantastic IF THEY WORKED with the internet ... however , unfortunately my experience has been the worst since I own my first Apple , at least 20 years!They refuse to give you telephone . Mac support so you end up with weeks of no response emails ... and if you dare send them a second one ... they say that will put you at the end of the long line again.Do not use these apps for your business . Unless you want to lose your client and customers ! Bells and whistles that are not what they claim to be !!! UPDATE
 I got very disappointed with the new improvements ... to expensive for what you get.On I Movie , you CANT transfer the movie to iDVD with one click anymore , now you need to export the movie as Quicktime format and then import it on iDVD ... . and like this , other anoying new things.I just downgraded to iLife 06 .
 I purchased iLife 08 because it was iMovie was so slow to import 720p videos from my Kodak v1253 camera . However , it seems that the new iMovie wo n't import the files at all . Aside from that it is much slower to startup and hangs often . I messed with it for hours yesterday and still was unable to get to a point where I could start working with videos . I also tried on my wife 's 24 '' iMac with similar results . iPhoto is incrementally better ... some of the editing tools are actually useful now . However , it 's still annoying that you ca n't share the videos in iPhoto over the network . Also the fact that you have to have iPhoto open -LRB- or minimized -RRB- to share photos is annoying . I do n't understand why every other mac program can run in the background when you push the X button except iPhoto ? Anyways , to sum up I 'm sorry that I made this purchase and based on the small changes to the suite I think Apple should have released it as a free software update or at least bundled it with Leopard.As sad it sounds , I may have to just boot into windows and use the free `` Windows Movie Maker '' program ... which is much faster and stable then iMovie . : -LRB-
 Customers are well advised to read reviews of ILife 08 . It is a large step backward with IMovie . Customers used to previous versions of IMovie will be disappointed with loss of simple control . Two examples . First , you can not alter audio volume within clips . You can only affect the overall volume , rather than making some parts silent , quieter , or louder . Second , you can not change the length of transitions , for example crossfades . Preset speeds , no alterations . The software will be simple , I guess for some , but is a real step backward.IDVD is not much better . There are 7 new themes , all are very simple , with limited spots to insert video or photos.IPhoto seems better . I like the way pictures can be ordered by events . Pretty slick.I 'll be using my older version of IMovie , and the new version of IDVD and IPhoto . Does n't seem worth the money though for the huge loss of functionality in IMovie .
 Let 's say little Joey catches his first baseball . Want to slow it down . Sorry . A bunch of kids at a party running around and want to speed it up ? You ca n't . Want to change a transition ? Ca n't . Want to use some plug ins . Nope . Do not buy this software if you use iMovie . I should have read the reviews . The reason you can make a movie so fast is because there are n't those annoying features that get in the way . You can download iMovie 06 for free though ! While you 're at it go ahead and download OS 8 , it 's free as well .
 I purchased iLife mostly for the improved organization of iPhoto . While I like the concept and presentation of events , bugs in importing , sorting , selection , and organizing have made the program an enormous waste of time . Twice in two days , large chunks of photos and events have simply disappeared , requiring reimporting and reorganizing -LRB- I was fortunate that I had backed up my library before installing 08 -RRB- . iPhoto often adds photos to a selection on its own -LRB- I suspect this is behind some of the mystery deletions -RRB- and when emptying the trash seems to also discard related photos still in the library . It 's to the point where I dare not delete anything for fear of what else will be discarded . Some events display the wrong dates for the photos within and so are placed out of order . iPhoto08 continues iPhoto06 's tradition of importing multiple duplicate files despite instructions not to import duplicates.A program which should have been a big improvement in organization and convenience is instead a frustrating mess . I have many Apple products , and this is the first time I have regretted a purchase .
 After several days of experimenting with iMovie 08 -LRB- part of iLife 08 -RRB- , I have found that I can not use it . I have gone back to iMovie 06 . With no ability to set Chapters where desired -LRB- without using Garageband ! -RRB- no timeline editing and no sharing with iDVD I found the program unusable.iMovie Lite 1.0 -LRB- iMovie 08 -RRB- is fine to edit a 3 minute video to share on youtube , but it lacks features that are needed for longer projects or if you want to make a DVD of your movie.iMovie Lite 1.0 -LRB- iMovie 08 -RRB- lacks a true timeline , Nor does iMovie Lite 1.0 -LRB- iMovie 08 -RRB- let you add DVD chapter markers to specific spots in a movie , such as the beginning of each major scene -LRB- each day in your vacation , for example -RRB- . I feel bad for people who purchase iMovie 08 but have never used 06 . They may never know how good Apple can be at designing entry level video software.But what if you want those missing capabilities ? Apple has a great video-editing program for you
 I used to buy iLife just for iMovie and iDVD
 I considered giving iLife '08 four stars because for the most part it 's a very good package . But after trying yet again to use iMovie , forget it ... if the new iMovie is any indication of where iLife is headed , the next release will be total garbage.I 've seen reviewers who said that iMovie no longer has transitions , this is n't true , they just are n't accesible in the same way . The really , really bad part is , iMovie simply does n't work in any way that you would expect or even according to the documentation.For example , just try to load a video into iMovie ' 08 . You might think that you could just drag a video to the landing area that says `` Drag media here to create a new project '' , but you ca n't ! Even if the video is in one of * the only three formats * iMove '08 will accept , you STILL ca n't drag it in . So , maybe you think you 'll add the video to iTunes , and then drag it in off the integrated iTunes media pane . Nope ! The ONLY way , and I mean the only friggin way to import video into iMove '08 is to select `` Import Movies '' from the Edit menu , but when you do this you better be sure to import the clips one-by-one in the order you want them to appear in the project , because if you do n't there is absolutely NO WAY of moving a clip!iMovie '08 is utterly ridiculous . I ca n't imagine how Apple would even consider releasing this as part of their flagship consumer package . It 's completely unusable . The funny thing is , Apple must have some idea of just how bad iMove '08 is , because when you install iLife it 's the only iLife application which it saves the previous version in a special folder titled `` iMovie Previous Version '' , so you can still use the version of iMove which actually works!So , maybe get this for the other applications which are all fine , but forget trying to use iMovie ' 08 . It 's utter garbage .
 The problems with iMovie are legion and well documented . I bought the 08 anyway because I dont use iMovie and didnt hear any negatives about iPhoto or iDVD which I do use . In iDVD , you cant import music . You are told that you are not authorized to import a song from iTunes . Then , you jump through hoops to authorize it and still no music . iPhoto will jumble your photos into `` Events '' and good luck in sorting your photos out . It will take a while . I have no idea what the purpose of this is other than to create more confusion . Plus I lost about 100 photos in the process . This is a really bad program . I 'd like to erase it and go back to the old version ; more trouble .
 iMovie 08 is a horrible step back from 06 . Plus , it imports your movies and destroys them , taking out all transitions , music , titles . Many others have detailed the problems . I just have to say I 'm a huge Apple fan and absolutely HATE HATE HATE this product .
 I bought this product mainly for iPhoto application and at this stage a little disappointed that the book creation aspect does not contain all of the former templates . This necessitated that I back up the old iPhoto application and old iPhoto library on a external hard drive . Hopefully apple will correct this with an update . Thus I am not completely happy . The other aspects of iPhoto are interesting and I am having fun exploring them i.e.new editing features etc. .
 I just bought an HD video camera and while iLife 6 could handle the editing , when transferring the edited video to iDVD -LRB- SD quality -RRB- , the audio was missing in part or the tracks superimposed . Also , there was no way to transfer the edited HD video back to the camera . I bought iLife 08 and was very disappointed by the disappearance of so many features of iMovie 6 , especially the missing chapter marks , the much more limited titling features and transitions . Other than that the bug in the audio has been fixed , there is no reason to get iLife 08 , since you lose so many features . And it is still not possible to transfer the edited HD video back to the camera . Apparently Apple wants the customer , who needs the features of iMovie 6 and full HD coverage , to buy Final Cut Express .
 I love my new Apple iMAC computer but the new computers and iLIFE do not come with iDVD . I went and bought this version of iLife because it did not state that it would not be compatable with my new iMAC . Well it was not compatable and I lost out by spending money for this version of iLife . I think that the seller should have listed what this version of iLife is compatable , or incompatable with .
 I purchaed the software after reading all of the wonderful improvements to iLife 06 -- I expected iPhoto to be better organized , lightning fast , and have the ability to store more images . NOT TRUE . It is slow as a snail -LRB- and I have 2GB of RAM ! -RRB- , you can not toggle between editing screens like before and the images I attach to emails now come in bitmap instead of jpg format - so nobody can do anything with them!I was also looking forward to the iWeb upgrades and so far , so good , but Apple promised the capability to use one 's own domain name without mask forwarding and so far , I can not figure out how to accomplish this.From what I 've read iMovie is a disaster as well , although I have n't tried it . My plan is to empty my iPhoto library and uninstall iLife 08 asap . I much prefer iLife 06 for it 's ease of use . Hope this helps someone . . wish I would have known !
 I believe that Apple has made a serious mistake eliminating features from Imovie 08 . I was planning to switch to a Mac in November after OSX 10.5 was released . I planned to switch for two reasons :1 . Clean design - eliminate a lot of cables .2 . Imovie - I currently do quite a bit of video editing for my church on my Dell 4600 using Pinnacle Studio 9.35 . Pinnacle Studio 's interface essentially is a knock off of the old imovie 6 . Very easy to use . However , Pinnacle is buggy and unreliable!Imovie 6 is about 80 % as powerful as Pinnacle Studio . Unfortunately , I wrongly assumed that the next edition of Imovie would be more powerful than Imovie 6 . Therefore , I have been waiting for over six months for the new Imovie to be released before I purchased a new Imac extreme edition . Now I see that one of the major reasons for purchasing a new Imac has been removed.Final Cut Express to me is a difficult and frustrating product to use . -LRB- No automatic segmentation of imported video clips , no storyboard mode . -RRB- If I am stuck with Final Cut Express I might as well keep my PC and buy Sony Vegas . -LRB- It does not have a storyboard mode but at least it does segment video clips -RRB- . I sincerely hope that Apple reconsiders Imovie 08 and releases a true competitor to Pinnacle Studio or Sony Vegas Movie Studio Platinum . As of right now the PC has the lead in mid level video editors when it comes to ease of use . This should not be!I do n't think that Apple understands what a selling point Imovie was . I have had several clients buy Macs in the last year and almost all of them wanted to play with Imovie . These clients are not sophisticated users , yet they figured out Imovie in a matter of minutes and have been producing nice movies now for several months . They have been eagerly awaiting the new Imovie because they were looking for more features . Sadly they will be disappointed . Some may be forced to run Pinnacle Studio within bootcamp . Not exactly what I or they had in mind !
 iWeb has lost functionality so I did n't install it . So iPhoto is the only application I use . What was film rolls from iPhoto 6 is now events , so this is better.I set slideshow settings -LRB- time and music -RRB- and click on save settings button but it randomly reverts back to default settings . Random event is selected when I start iPhoto up , so I need to scroll for a while to get to latest event . New iPhoto library being a package makes it more time consuming to back up , I ca n't just back up 2007 photos . Still no way to write IPTC info to pictures , so I do n't use iPhoto comments . Last 12 months do not seem to work correctly.Disappointing .
 iMovie 08 threw away nearly all of the good features of iMovie 06 . The only reason to use it is that it finally lets you import video from some hard drive video cameras . On one of my machines it just crashes on startup . See other reviews for the details of the great features Apple threw away when they made this `` upgrade '' . One of the great reasons to use a Mac just disappeared .
 Seriously do your homework before upgrading to this !!! I did and the massive negative response for iMovie , iWeb , iPhoto are more than enough for you to STAY WHERE YOU ARE ! Do n't upgrade . Come on Apple ! ~ Where is the customer service and loyalty ??? Very disappointing ! VERY ! Like a bad child !!! Bad bad bad boy !!! I will just hold out and hope you correct yourself !!!
 The two reasons some high-profile Mac users are now using PCs & Windows are that the mac -LRB- i.e. , Apple software -RRB- did n't easily do what it is being sold as being easy to do , namely Photo and Graphics . Virtually any low-cost PC-based photo program was better than iPhoto 06 and earlier . iLife 08 does improve one major flaw , it now allows you to selectively import photos from your media card -- ca n't believe you could n't do that before.But the new design has a entirely new set of confusing interfaces that look like the software developers wrote , approved and implemented the specifications -- that is no real users actually sat down and field-tested this thing for usability.The other growing problem with Apple software in general and iLife 08 specifically is that of bloatware . That is software that grows in size , slows in performance and has fewer features . I blame this mostly on using Intel chips -LRB- my G5 Mac version of the updates Apple provides are always 1/3rd to 1/10th the size of the Intel versions of the identical patches -RRB- . But that 's a non-scientific opinion.I upgraded because I thought -LRB- A -RRB- the software is low-cost -LRB- $ 75 on Amazon , $ 79 in the Apple Stores -RRB- that is cheap unless you 're a software pirate , then I do n't really care if you think its too expensive.But the sad thing is it is so much slower and so much fatter than iLife '06 and has only two major updates .1 -RRB- Selective import of pictures .2 -RRB- New iMovie interface.I really do a lot of video editing and often revert back to iMovie when Apple 's high-end Final Cut Studio 2 does n't like the camera or format I 've filmed in . iMovie always saves the day by just working.Sadly , from what I 've read , this may also be a fading star . In fact , non of the more than $ 500 in iMovie plug-ins I 've purchased will work in iMovie ' 08 . Its great to expose an interface , but guess what Apple , you 're supposed to actually support it forever.Bottomline , there is absolutely no reason to update to iLife '08 from ' 06 . If you are buying a new Mac , you 'll get it anyway , and thus , may not see/know the difference . If you have a Power PC G5 or earlier , it just runs to slowly to be usable -LRB- but after the first run , everything except iMovie did seem to respond better -RRB- . You are better off getting PhotoShop Elements for Mac.For movie editing , you can stick with iMovie ' 06 . If you get iLive '08 for some reason , know that Apple is providing a no cost download of iMovie '06 for free to anyone who has iMovie ' 08 -- even Apple no realizes they made a mistake .
 I was happy with some improvements on the iPHOTO , but very disappointed with the iMOVIE and iDVD ... I havent been able to edit anything , too complicated or probably just doesnt work properly ... I kept the 07 version on my other MAC so i edit my movies there .
 Wow . I 'm crushed . I just got a new iMac with the 3.06 GHz processor and every imaginable upgrade , thinking that my new DVDs would be easier to produce while looking better than ever . Wrong . Apple has removed most of the sophistication from iMovie & it is really only useful for absolute amateurs . No chapter markers , except those which can be added -- only at timed intervals -- in iDVD ? No detailed audio editing ? Where is the end of that clip I just deleted ? Heaven help me if I need it back . Where are the interesting titles and transitions from ' 06 ? Wretched program.Also taking a step backward is iDVD . With every new version , I have eagerly anticipated the new and improved themes . The themes are lame , though , to their credit , I suppose , they are DIFFERENT from '06 ... just not better . Most hold only one photo and have little or no animation.iPhoto has a couple of nice upgrades , though . Nothing major . Photo organization has improved . Being able to change the size of the red eye correction and retouch tools is a plus.Apple is driving us to spend more by taking away content from the software which comes with computers . No word processing program and deteriorating content in the iLife suite ? I guess Apple knows we 're all over a barrel . I mean , what are we going to do , BUY A PC !? Off to buy Final Cut Express ...
 It 's not just that iMovie has been completely ruined . It 's also that none of the things that were missing from the last iLife have been improved , or have been made worse.iPhoto still does n't understand standard metadata in IPTC or XMP formats , so all your categories and captions get lost as soon as you export , and if you have captioned photos the information is lost when you add them to iPhoto.iTunes has gained a new lockout to prevent other software from accessing your iTunes music library , and to prevent use of iPods on Linux.iWeb still ca n't produce something as simple as a page with an HTML heading and some paragraphs ; everything is meaningless DIV elements.GarageBand still lacks a basic sample editor . I guess it 's OK if you like presets .
 iPhoto , Garage Band and iWeb are great . IPhoto in particular is really much better than its predecessor , especially in terms of speed.iDVD and iMovie are disastrous pieces of software . iMovie no longer supports chapters . iDVD for me has been extremely unreliable and meant dozens of hours spent on forums finding out things like do n't use music in the intros in certain 7.0 themes or your computer will lock up on encoding the DVD menus.Apple had a halo for me . Now I just think they 're another cynical software shop .
 Item was listed as capable as running with OSX 10.4 and actually needs 10.9 to run most of the programs . I also do n't recall seeing anything that stated that iMovie needed a minumum of a G5 computer to work and my computer is a G4 . So now I have a disc that is useless until I get a better computer . I guess that is what I get for being behind the times in technology .
 I 've been an Mac fan for years and this is the worst piece of software they 've delievered .
 Save your money . Not even as good as freeware .
 I tried this software and could n't create a simple database with out reading a lot and was n't easy to configure .
 While the software is good , its extremely overpriced . I would not pay even half the amount being asked and I am a web developer .
 I bought this for my kids but even I can not get any information out of it . Though it has everything but it is poorly organized and makes getting answers painfulFor example , my son wanted to know numbers of states in India . After wasting 4 hours I could not find any place where states are listed . Finally I turned to Google and got the answers . Another example - he wanted to find towns on Mississipi River . We went crazy to get names . In the end we picked old Atlas and got the names .
 I was unable to install this product . I sent 3 emails to Britannica , but got no response .
 This has got to be one of the worst pieces of software I 've purchased in years . Do n't waste your time . Slow would be a compliment . The Atlas is useless . No direct dictionary search or browse . Just a generic search that searches everything . If you cann ' t spell the word it does n't find it .
 The new Britannica 2003 is one of the most disgracefully dysfunctional electronic encyclopaedias I have encountered . It is so poor compared with the 2002 edition -LRB- which Heaven knows had its problems - e.g. failure of the DVD to load to hard-drive -RRB- that one suspects were Encarta agents sabotaging the design and production processes they could scarcely have made the product more unsatisfactory!It is much , much slower in its searches than the 2002 edition -LRB- do n't believe a previous review 's claim about the need for sufficient RAM to achieve lightening speed - I have loads , yet the 2003 is still between 5 -10 times slower than the 2002 depending on the type of search -RRB- . The dictionary does not permit double-clicking of words in the text of articles for their definitions -LRB- the 2002 edition did -RRB- . The new interface is more awkward to use than its predecessor . Need one go on ? Have Britannica released a dodgy beta version for the holiday season or have they quite lost the plot?My advice to potential purchasers is to skip the 2003 offerings and to buy the 2002 Deluxe edition on CDs -LRB- it loads to your hard-drive , unlike the 2002 DVD version -RRB- and hope that next year Britannica gets its act together . The Britannica is a superb encyclopedia in range and content . If only its current electronic incarnation were worthy of it !
 I 've bought both ENCARTA and BRITANNICA for years . This is my opinion : TEXT
 Test System
 If you are a serious user of reference books and you intend to buy multimedia encyclopedia because of its text content and not multimedia features such as videos and animations , you might be interested in this brief comparison between Encyclopaedia Britannica and Microsoft Encarta -LRB- in both cases I 've been trying 2002 Standard Edition -RRB- . One big Britannica 's plusArticlesArticles in Britannica are usually longer and more precise than articles in Encarta , not to mention the overall number of articles -LRB- Britannica beats Encarta , especially its Standard Edition -RRB- . And finally
 Tried installing on two -LRB- 2 -RRB- excellent PC 's running Windows 98 with no success other than ruining one hard disc drive - Britannica website support was POOR and troubleshooting section was no help - Major problem appears to be a goofy Java loader called `` InstallAnywhere '' that locks up your machine and often destroys CLOGS UP your HDD with junk that ca n't be removed by any of the procedures Britannicas POOR instructions - Hope that Britannica can stop using goofy and buggy zerog.com software so they can provide a good product that actually works ! ??
 This product contains the 3rd version of the software and there is already a version 4 out . The only benefit in getting this product would be a USB to MIDI i/o cord included.The manual is very poorly written and lacks simple screen shots that could immensly help someone figure out how to set this up . I mostly just used a trial and error method to get going . Once installed it is fun , but I will likely have to spend days figuring it out this software 's advance features.Cakewalk
 The new Britannica 2003 is one of the most disgracefully dysfunctional electronic encyclopaedias I have encountered . It is so poor compared with the 2002 edition -LRB- which Heaven knows had its problems - e.g. failure of the DVD to load to hard-drive -RRB- that one suspects were the design and production processes being sabotaged by Encarta agents , they could scarcely have made the product more unsatisfactory!It is much , much slower in its searches than the 2002 edition . The dictionary does not permit double-clicking of words in the text of articles for their definitions -LRB- the 2002 edition did -RRB- . The new interface is more awkward to use than its predecessor . Need one go on ? Have Britannica released a dodgy beta version for the holiday season or have they quite lost the plot?My advice to potential purchasers is to skip the 2003 offerings and to buy the 2002 Deluxe edition on CDs -LRB- it loads to your hard-drive , unlike the 2002 DVD version -RRB- and hope that next year Britannica gets its act together . The Britannica is a superb encyclopedia in range and content . If only its current electronic incarnation were worthy of it !
 Having grown up with the printed Britannica set -LRB- c. 1970 -RRB- , I am extremely disappointed with this digital version . Although all the articles are complete , searchable , and cross-referenced , the overall user interface is so poorly designed that it makes using this program nearly unusable and absolutely unappealing.Installation issues :1 . wastes space -LRB- > 2gig -RRB- by installing all 3 encyclopedias with some redundant material .2 . same interface for all 3 encyclopedias creates an intimidating environment for children.Interface issues :1 . articles are difficult to read because of poor font choice -LRB- sans serif -RRB- , insufficient spacing between lines -LRB- < single spaced -RRB- , and lame layout design -LRB- in-line images lacking , repeated TOC wastes space -RRB- . Mac OS specific issues :1 . This is not a true MacOS app ; it is a JAVA app running inside it 's own window with interface components which are inconsistent with MacOS -LRB- e.g. menu shortcut key is Ctrl , not Cmd -RRB- .2 . Screen redraw performance is unacceptably poor -LRB- e.g. several seconds to resize window , almost a minute to select-copy article text -LSB- 450MHz G4 , 1 gig RAM , OS 10.2.4 -RSB- -RRB- Content issues :1 . Timeline shows only one item per screen ; no context , no Gant chart .2 . Atlas is not interactive -LRB- no zoom ; lacks detail -RRB- and other multimedia items are inconsequential .3 . Dictionary and thesaurus can not be accessed directly ; must do full encyclopedia search.Summary
 I 've bought both ENCARTA and BRITANNICA for years . This is my opinion : TEXT
 I have been a print user since high school -LRB- 25 years -RRB- and a CD/DVD user since the 1997 version . What is it with this company ? Every year they change the interface , but each edition is hopeless in many new ways ! Ca n't they ever get this right ? It 's almost like the software is incredibly dumbed down so that literate people will prefer the print version . And they are utterly unresponsive when you complain.Nevertheless , you have to buy a copy every couple of years because , well , there is only one Britannica ! No Encarta is ever going to have the scholarly content I 'm looking for . But I 'm sticking with DVD 2002 for now , even though it has other flaws -LRB- dvd ca n't install to hard drive , etc -RRB- . No need to `` upgrade '' to another set of mistakes this year .
 I would like to compare Britannica Ultimate Reference Suite 2003 -LRB- which I will refer to as Britannica -RRB- with its competitor Microsoft Encarta Reference Library 2003 -LRB- which I will refer to as Encarta -RRB- . Fact 1 - Britannica is incredibly slow . It takes 200 seconds to start the program , search for an item and display the sought article . For comparison the same operation takes 40 seconds with Encarta . These numbers are averages of three trials rounded to the closest multiple of 10 taken on a 350Mhz AMD with 256mb of memory . I think that being five times slower than your competitor is unacceptable . Once the programs are loaded the subsequent searches are much faster , but that is not how I would like to use the programs . I would like to search for some items few times a day and between the searches I want the programs not to occupy the memory . I must also mention that there is a patch on Britannica technical support page that should speed up the searches . It did not work for me - the above-mentioned operation still took 190 seconds -LRB- I did only one try -RRB- . Fact 2 - Britannica does not correct spelling . Try typing in `` bratislva '' in Britannica and in Encarta . Britannica simply says that there is no entry with bratislva and you are left to figure out what is the correct spelling . Encarta on the other hand offers you the corrected spelling Bratislava and after one click you have the information you wanted.Fact 3 - Once an article is displayed in Britannica you can not search for a word within the article . This is extremely annoying - you often have to perform this low-level task yourself.Conclusion - I think that in many areas Britannica has better content than Encarta -LRB- however if you want an example of an area where this is not the case , see the last paragraph -RRB- . However the information is extremely hard to access because the software is poorly designed . Personally I purchased both encyclopedias but decided to return Britannica to the store and keep the Encarta . I will wait until Britannica provides an acceptable user interface.Has Britannica better content than Encarta in all areas?It seems widely accepted that Britannica has better content than Encarta . I think that in many areas this is true - Britannica has better content , especially when it comes to science -LRB- I do not feel competent to judge the content related to arts -RRB- . However , I would like to point out that that in some areas Encarta is better than Britannica . For example consider `` controversial events in modern history '' . I chose the following sample of events
 I 've bought both ENCARTA and BRITANNICA for years . This is my opinion : TEXT
 If you are a serious user of reference books and you intend to buy multimedia encyclopedia because of its text content and not multimedia features such as videos and animations , you might be interested in this brief comparison between Encyclopaedia Britannica and Microsoft Encarta -LRB- in both cases I 've been trying 2002 Standard Edition -RRB- . One big Britannica 's plusArticlesArticles in Britannica are usually longer and more precise than articles in Encarta , not to mention the overall number of articles -LRB- Britannica beats Encarta , especially its Standard Edition -RRB- . And finally
 There is a serious flaw in this DVD -LRB- Encyclopedia Britannica 2003 Ultimate Reference Suite -RRB-
 The new Britannica 2003 is one of the most disgracefully dysfunctional electronic encyclopaedias I have encountered . It is so poor compared with the 2002 edition -LRB- which Heaven knows had its problems - e.g. failure of the DVD to load to hard-drive -RRB- that one suspects were Encarta agents sabotaging the design and production processes they could scarcely have made the product more unsatisfactory!It is much , much slower in its searches than the 2002 edition -LRB- do n't believe a previous review 's claim about the need for sufficient RAM to achieve lightening speed - I have loads , yet the 2003 is still between 5 -10 times slower than the 2002 depending on the type of search -RRB- . The dictionary does not permit double-clicking of words in the text of articles for their definitions -LRB- the 2002 edition did -RRB- . The new interface is more awkward to use than its predecessor . Need one go on ? Have Britannica released a dodgy beta version for the holiday season or have they quite lost the plot?My advice to potential purchasers is to skip the 2003 offerings and to buy the 2002 Deluxe edition on CDs -LRB- it loads to your hard-drive , unlike the 2002 DVD version -RRB- and hope that next year Britannica gets its act together . The Britannica is a superb encyclopedia in range and content . If only its current electronic incarnation were worthy of it !
 The interface in the 2002 edition was much , much better . Simpler and more elegant . The 2003 interface is too busy and gets in your way . Whereas the 2002 edition had a complete A to Z list of topics in a quick-scrolling list , the 2003 edition makes you page through the list in small chunks of ten or so topics . Yuk.There are other UI problems . It 's basically a geeky Java Swing UI . Lots of windows opening that you have to close . Usingit is n't as smooth as using the 2002 version.In terms of technology , the text is rendered on my iBook in an unpleasant , jaggy , non-antialiased font . This is a big step down from the 2002 edition , which renders its article text smoothly on OS X and is far more pleasant to read.Disappointing . Hopefully the 2004 edition will move back towards the 2002 edition 's quality . I can spend hours effortlessly wandering around the articles on the 2002 edition . I expect my 2003 edition wo n't get used much , if at all , due to the UI problems.As yet , I ca n't say if it 's as poor on Windows .
 While the content may be great , the interface is a joke . The whole application is done 100 % in Java . This has some very negative side effects . The worst problem is that the Java makes the entire interface extremely sluggish , even on a high end machine . Additionally , standard Windows interface features do n't exist , like the ability to scroll text with the mouse wheel . Also , there are no configuration options whatsoever , except the ability to change the text size to one of three sizes . The font used is blurry . All fonts are my computer are crystal clear , but this one is blurry . Therefore , the only way to read the articles is to set the text size to medium . Also , the pictures tend to be too small . The interface itself is horrid comared to even MS Encarta 1995 edition , which is sad . That 's too bad , because the content is head and shoulders above Encarta , and there is an article on just about everything you can imagine .
 First of all no encyclopedia in the universe that I am aware of beats the Britannica in terms of content . However , the thrill of knowledge ends with the electronic version of the Brittanica due to the fact that even though the information is all there , the way it 's presented to the user makes it a gruesome adventure . For example , type in a word or phrase and the amount of articles that you may get a hit is astounding . The only problem is that you can only view them in chunks of 15 and the article that you may be interested could be article 5487 in the list . There is no way to get to the middle or end of the hit list without pressing next every single time . Another worthless feature is the Browse by Letter function which starts from the beginning of the letter and it goes down the list in alphabetical order . Again it presents articles in chunks of 15 . Imagine if you are browsing the letter `` F '' and `` Flora '' might be an article that may interest you , does anybody realize how many times you have to hit the NEXT button . I could go on but I will stop right here , I give the content 4 stars and the user interface 1 star .
 I 've bought both ENCARTA and BRITANNICA for years . This is my opinion : TEXT
 I have owned and used the Printed EB for years and have enjoyed , learned from and liked it . I also installed the 2003 Encarta recently , and love it -LRB- Great Product -RRB- . So I was excited when EB 2003 DVD came out and ordered it at once . What a Major Disappointment . Some things do n't work at all eg : Under Interactive Time Lines
 If you are a serious user of reference books and you intend to buy multimedia encyclopedia because of its text content and not multimedia features such as videos and animations , you might be interested in this brief comparison between Encyclopaedia Britannica and Microsoft Encarta -LRB- in both cases I 've been trying 2002 Standard Edition -RRB- . One big Britannica 's plusArticlesArticles in Britannica are usually longer and more precise than articles in Encarta , not to mention the overall number of articles -LRB- Britannica beats Encarta , especially its Standard Edition -RRB- . And finally
 my brittanica will not load . my e-mail requesting assistance remains unanswered -LRB- one week -RRB- . the pay-for-help line has beenbusy for one week . if there were a lower grade than 1 i would assign it ti brittanica.cliff sanders
 It 's too bad that the interface is so clunky -LRB- other reviewers have already pointed out the problems , so I wo n't bother here -RRB- . This is at least the sixth edition of Britannica on CD/DVD , and there 's no excuse for such poor software . A shame , really , because the text is far better than anything else out there . I 'd like to see them work with Microsoft and develop an interface similar to Encarta 's . They could call it Encarta Pro , with the same interface as Encarta but with the authoritative text of Britannica . If only .
 I recently recieved this `` product '' and all I have to say is for the amount of cabbage they want , you could spend your money elsewhere . Even Encarta or World Book has this thing beat in feature parity and ease of use . I was truly disheartened after installing this and immediately getting an error message and program quit . I installed it on a second computer , same configuration , and it finally ran . With that said , this is a java-based application that is slow , boring , and ultimately a big downer . I have since returned it and purchased World Book -LRB- from their site , as Amazon apparently does n't carry the Macintosh Jaguar edition -RRB- . What a difference an application makes ! Not only is World Book interactive , easy to use , but it 's full of multimedia and tons of sights and sounds . A lookup of the same topic produced three movies , four images , and six related articles . The same lookup on Britannica produced boring chapter after chapter , all formatted the same , with no pics , sounds , or movies . Yech . Save yourself a headache and get World Book . You 'll be happy you did . If you need the Mac version , get it from World Book 's website .
 This is not what I would expect from Britannica . It was very difficult to install . After several failed attempts I e-mailed tech support and described the problem . They never responded . I finally found a toll number to customer support . Called them . They sounded amateurish . After trying numerous fixes the guy told me I needed a file from Sun microsystems . He said he would e-mail the link to me . He never did . After another hour on Sun 's site I found the correct download and installed it . None of this was documented . My machine is a recent -LRB- 6 months -RRB- high end Dell.The interface with Britannica is poor and hard to navigate . This is unfortunate because the content is quite in depth ; which is why I purchase it in the first place . I will certainly hesitate before purchasing another product from this company .
 While the content may be great , the interface is a joke . The whole application is done 100 % in Java . This has some very negative side effects . The worst problem is that the Java makes the entire interface extremely sluggish , even on a high end machine . Additionally , standard Windows interface features do n't exist , like the ability to scroll text with the mouse wheel . Also , there are no configuration options whatsoever , except the ability to change the text size to one of three sizes . The font used is blurry . All fonts are my computer are crystal clear , but this one is blurry . Therefore , the only way to read the articles is to set the text size to medium . Also , the pictures tend to be too small . The interface itself is horrid comared to even MS Encarta 1995 edition , which is sad . That 's too bad , because the content is head and shoulders above Encarta , and there is an article on just about everything you can imagine .
 Let 's face it , user interface is awful and the contents of the encyclopedia does not compensate for this because is too hard to use . On my machine -LRB- AMD 1.3 GHz , 512 MB RAM , 40 & 30 GB 7200 rpm HD , Win XP SP1 -RRB- it takes 15 seconds to start full install of the hard drive and once it 's up it consumes somewhere between 80 and 120 MB of RAM depending on the number of searches performed . Java underneath the software is not capable of mouse wheel scrolling , right click brings up only `` copy '' context menu , the dictionary and encyclopedia are unified , there 's no way to customize the look or toolbars -LRB- thanks to Java -RRB- and last but not least font rendering is terrible , you have to set it either to medium or squint when reading even if you have 20/20 vision . Atlas is a laugh and one intended for high school kids is far better than the one for grownups . Multimedia is almost nonexistent , but we 've expected this from eccentric British . My email to the support has n't been answered for 4 days . Stay away from EB 2003 URS or be ready for sacrifices if you plan to use it . I plan to buy MS Encarta 2003 and soon I 'll be able to compare these two .
 I 've owned the 1999 , 2001 , and 2003 versions of the EB DVD . The 2001 was by far the best . While the content is wonderful in all three versions , only the 2001 edition provided any sort of ease of use . The 1999 version barely functioned , and the 2003 is a major step backward . As others have noted , it runs much slower , the scolling mouse function does n't work , and the dictionary and article interfaces have been annoyingly combined . Also , the Atlas maps have not been greatly improved , which would have been really nice . The only major improvement in the 2003 EB-DVD is the pronunciation guide included in the dictionary . The superfluous student editions included on the DVD are worthless . My hope is that Britannica will build on strength and focus on improving content in subsequent versions .
 I upgraded from the EB2002 DVD because it uses 30 % of my Win98 -LRB- 1 -RRB- GDI and USER resources . I never kept 2002 loaded in memory . My hardware is AMD T-Bird 1.4 GHz , 512 MB , and `` Special Edition '' 8 MB 7200 RPM Western Digital 100 & 120 GB drives . BEWARE
 Most of the time , LineForm does what it promises to do , but it has serious flaws , such as crashing when first asked to print a file -LRB- but not on subsequent tries -RRB- . The biggest drawback is that the app is no longer supported and , thus , in an upgrade limbo . Had I known that when I ordered it , I would have looked for another piece of software . As it turns out , there are very similar -LRB- almost identical -RRB- apps available at a much lower cost , such as Graphics Design Studio . That program will do everything LineForm does -LRB- without crashing , and at a price of $ 4.99 -LRB- at Apple 's Apps Store -RRB- as opposed to what I paid for LineForm at Amazon
 Looks like this used to be a really good piece of software , but the current version is a PoS . Its buggy , throwing errors left and right if you look in the Mac console log . I could n't even save a logo project I was working on ! If you ca n't even save your work , then whats the point ? Stay away , I 've asked them for a refund as this is just unusable in its current state . I 'd give this zero stars if the rating system allowed it !
 Installation is near impossible , with no support . I simply ca n't understand why Convekta can not have installations as simple and straitforward as Chessbase products -LRB- or , for that matter , any other computer software geared to consumers -RRB- . This may work for you if you -LRB- 1 -RRB- speak Russian , -LRB- 2 -RRB- are a computer professional , or -LRB- 3 -RRB- both -LRB- ideally -RRB- .
 Bought 2 of em , for 4th and 6th grade . Both seem to have extreamly similar questions . The reading and language arts are complete wasete of time .
 I ordered this product with the intention of checking my 7th graders progress this year and seeing what he needed to review for the summer . This product is a MESS ! The answers are wrong on many of the questions confirmed by my sons tutor and the company itself . The company has offered us a full refund on the product . It is obvious there are problems that need to be fixed and the company acknowledges this ! Do n't waste your money !
 It took me 5 minutes of using this software to determine that it is worthless . I tried the first `` strand '' of the math test and 5 of the 10 questions in this strand were incorrect - the correct answer was not among the choices . There were misspellings on several of the screens . Do not buy this product .
 Should not even be given away . Extremely Poor design . You could better software on free math websites that give more info and better test prep than this software
 I bought this program because I needed a security suite and this was recommended by multiple sources . I installed it and it promptly trashed my brand new Mac Pro . It took six hours on the phone with multiple very helpful Apple support techs to get this fixed - and I 'm usually pretty good at doing this myself . DO NOT INSTALL THIS PROGRAM ON A LEOPARD COMPUTER !
 I have a slight German accent and therefore encountered problems . If you have a foreign accent you might not be happy with this program.I ordered the improved version `` 10 '' this year . Unfortunately I had to return it as it will not work on a 64 bit PC . The company informed me that this might be fixed in the next version which should be offered in 2009 .
 Despite the assurances in the description and packaging that this works with Windows XP , it emphatically does not.The science one crashes every 1/2 hour or so.The Carmen Sandiego one locks up within 5 minuntes every time.I 'm so annoyed I 'm not going to even bother installing the last one.This is complete garbage software . I wonder if they do any QA at all.Perhaps it works with Windows 95 or something , but it certainly doesnt work with windows XP.My testing : I tried it on two completely different windows XP machines
 I 'm very frustrated with this software . They claim to work on Windows XP , but it locks every 3 minutes . The online help is useless . I 've updated all the drivers and made sure everything is up to date . I may never purchase anything from `` The Learning Company '' again based on their less than spectacular Q&A . Save yourself the frustration and buy something from a company that cares about its customers .
 Installs fine , but does n't run on Windows 2000 . It pops into the program and back out.There website has no real help , and there is no phone , or email support for the product.Complete trash , with no support . Very frustrating .
 The description says only XP and Vista wo n't work , but their website includes 2000 as well . Very disappointed . As for the game itself , I ca n't comment , but I doubt that there are many PC with a Windows version below 2000 .
 i installed program and on scanning hard drive on a brand new mac book pro hit 4 % and it froze my mac up solid . i had to pull battery to restart . i let it go a few days and tried to scan again and the exact same thing happened . i then uninstalled it and put it on the shelf , a waste of money
 This has so far been a disappointment . It takes like 12 steps to go through the introductory screens , and if you mess up , you have to start completely over . It also loads awfully slow and we have a top of the line loaded new computer . The game instructions are very long , and you have to listen to them every time , and they are mostly unnecessary , they should be under a help option . You ca n't even click to skip it , meaning you have to have a lot of patience while waiting . The animals are pretty obscure and not common/familiar . The animal facts I cant imagine ever being of much interest to a kid . I expected much better stuff from the Learning Company , especially since this program has received so many awards -LRB- no doubt through reputation -RRB- . In comparison with other products , I ca n't identify one redeeming aspect for this software . The games are boring and mundane and many are a step down from even other `` toddler '' programs that are targeted to lower ages . Here I was looking to step up from the toddler programs which our daughter has already mastered . At least I got it very cheap . Its not much fun or entertaining . Not much area to navigate about and explore . No animation to speak of , other than the videos . Nothing clever or interesting or rewarding for mouse clicks . I have to report there are many better programs , and I could never recommend this one for fun , challenge , entertainment , or educational value . It does not hold her attention , she easily handles most of the games/activities , and she 's like okay now what . And she still has a long ways to go before reaching age 3 . The only games on this CD that she does n't really know what she is doing is the chameleon and the coyotes , but even those she guesses her way to completion . I ca n't imagine her growing into liking this CD any more than she does now , in fact I 'm certain she will like it less and less because she already expects more stimulation . Even now she prefers clicking around under encarta encylopedia more so than using this CD when it comes to short video clips . Even the logic aspect of finding puzzle pieces seems lame to me when compared to other such programs . I do n't forsee her ever wanting to come back to this program when she 's ready for more sofisticated logic games and ready to spell or do math . I should mention we started out our daughter on kids computer games before age 1 , and she is just fascinated to the point of playing them every day , and she is just amazingly competent with them and now already figures out most kid games on her own . She is very familiar with counting and colors and shapes and mazes and matching and patterns and searching and picture drawing . She has pretty much seen it all . And this CD does n't cut the mustard for new exciting stuff .
 Wish I could give this 0 stars . I can not get this to run on our WIn 95 machine -LRB- yes I know it 's a dinosoar but that 's what we have for my child -RRB- and it continually crashes on our XP machine . Broderbund -LRB- the software company -RRB- has not responded to my pleas for help except to give me 4 different case # 's . AAAGGGGHHHH . My 3 year old and I are frustrated to the extreme .
 I bought the program because I also have an old crooked house that I am fixing up . I had a bunch of sketches that I used to figure out projects and I thought that I could learn this well enough to make better more realistic drawings so that I can estimate jobs better . First off , the program is real buggy . My impression is that is full blown pro-edition with all of the really useful features not-functioning . I was trying to layout a patio to figure out how much concrete I would need . I could get the area but ut a simple calculation like volume , is not available . What ? Help files are nearly useless because , like I said , it 's a truncated version of the software . Good luck trying to find some kind of manual to read . My impression of the software is this
 I have been using a limited version of Quick Cad for several years now and really would have been happy to acquire a key to unlock the expanded version of same , but was not able to find such , anywhere ... so i purchased the Tcad v14 hoping i would be able to move up the ladder in difficulty and also accomplish more sophisticated shop drawings , even limited site drawings ... however , the learning curve and the key strokes are so different from Qcad I have n't been able to walk away from my previous tools ... it 's a shame i could n't have tested this product prior to purchase , i probably would not have bought it ... nevertheless , i will over time overcome the hurdles to converting , because it does appear to be a better package , it just does not appear to me to conform to typical keystrokes and user patterns in creating drawings ... -LSB- ... -RSB- 4-26-09
 I bought this thinking I could go to work with it right away ! WRONG !! It says there is a free 15 day trial period and after that you have to purchase -LRB- ? -RRB- an activation code ! When I click `` Purchase Activation Code '' it takes me to another screen and there 's nothing I can do , I ca n't type in anything and there are no instructions at all ! I certainly did not buy this for just a free 15 day trial period ! Anyone have any ideas ??!! Thanks !
 I have used AutoCAD since 2.6 and MicroStation since 4.0 . What a waste of money this was . I gave it one star only because this page would not accept zero stars .
 I thought this would be a nice subsitute for autocad after leaving my drafting career this would be a fun replacement , but it does n't work very well and is missing some obvious basic features . I wish I did n't waste my 18 dollars . We all have to learn somehow .
 I am a retired engineer who used an AutoCad program when I was doing engineering consulting back in the late 1980 's . I successfully completed a fairly complicated design project using it . I am now retired . I recently came up with an idea that required making some drawings . I discovered and purchased TurboCAD Deluxe V14 to help in developing my idea . I have been sadly disappointed . While it promised to have far greater capabilities than my earlier AutoCad it is far too complicated to use without extensive training , but my main complaint is the fact that it is unstable . Some examples
 I was going to purchase this product , but decided to visit DiskWarrior website first as I could n't find the information here to determine if this would run on my MacBook Pro Intel Core i7 , the new Macs that came out last year . this is what their website states : `` DiskWarrior 4 version 4.2 is now available on DiskWarrior DVD revision 1001 . This DVD is a universal startup DVD that can start up both PowerPC and Intel Macs . All Mac models meeting the system requirements for DiskWarrior except the new iMac Core i3 , i5 and i7 models , the new MacBook Pro models -LRB- introduced April 13 , 2010 -RRB- , the new MacBook Air -LRB- introduced October 20 , 2010 -RRB- , the new Mac Mini models -LRB- introduced June 15 , 2010 -RRB- and the new Mac Pros -LRB- introduced July 27 , 2010 -RRB- can be started from the DVD . Click here to learn how to repair the directory of a disk in a Mac model that can not be started from the DiskWarrior DVD . `` I have no idea how well or not the product works , just that it will not run on my Mac . The current version of DiskWarrior is 4.2 and does not include support for the newer Macs . I clicked on the `` Click here ... '' link , and it was not clear at all that it would be able to be used on an i7 . Please check their website before purchasing , for compatibility issues .
 Did n't Work . Disk Unavailable on desktop , No ? Really ? That 's what the problem that this program was supposed to fix.If i were you u , take it to a professional .
 Yesterday my external hard drive failed . After a quick visit to the Macintosh forums , I learned about DiskWarrior and was enthralled with the tall reviews and huge claims of success.To make the story short , DiskWarrior did nothing to repair my drive . For DiskWarrior to work , the damage to your drive must be minimal and of a specific nature . While DW claims to repair a damaged directory , again , the damage must be minimal and within DW 's abilities.There seem to be a few success stories from other folks who lucked out and had the minimal damage necessary to enjoy success with DiskWarrior , but after using the software and giving their tech support department a shot at helping me , the damage to my directory -LRB- and subsequently my entire hard drive -RRB- was unrepairable.Go on faith that some people are having success , but also know that there are instances when DW will be useless - as was the case with my hard drive . I would go so far as to say that the claims DW makes about itself are overstated
 DiskWarrior failed to find anything that I was looking for on my amnesiac software RAID array . Data Rescue 3 proved to be far , far more useful . DiskWarrior promised the moon and delivered nothing . A waste of $ 90 .
 DW could not repair my HD . The only thing it did was show some of my files were still present on the HD . Took a long time to determine inability to repair and was not very user-friendly in the process of repair/scanning , perhaps because it 's not designed well to id why it ca n't repair a HD . I ended up buying a new HD -LRB- wish I saved the $ spent on DW -RRB- and moving my old files to it using my HD enclosure .
 This highly regarded disk management utility works as claimed on most hard drives -LRB- including TimeMachine backup -RRB- . Installation instructions lead one to believe to just pop the steeply-priced ver 4.1 CD into its slot , and you 'll be able to rejuvenate your system volume . NOT SO !! The latest CD -LRB- as well as the downloadable version -RRB- boots from OSX 10.4.9 and -- as I discovered in a long frustrating afternoon -- ` Tiger ' will not boot the 2008 version of the MacPro -LRB- nor some other 2008 Apple hardware -RRB- . Had I known - after trolling the support database - that the fine print way down mentions ... just in passing ... that the MacPro will be supported only in a later release -LRB- no release date offered -RRB- , I would not have purchased the product at this time -LSB- why bother , when the only ` workaround ' is to boot from another Leopard installation -RSB- . Because the claims made are not supported by the facts , nor are the product 's limitations clarified in the installation instruction sheet , I down-rate an otherwise fine product for wasting lots of my time and money .
 When my Powerbook was running Apple 's Tiger O/S , Disk Warrior was my best friend and rescued me from two near-fatal hardware issues . However , when I upgraded to Leopard and experienced issues from the gate , I figured Disk Warrior would remedy the situation . First off , it did n't and secondly , it made things worse . My permissions were so corrupt that I could n't overwrite existing files . Adobe InDesign would crash repeatedly , Photoshop would not save any of the actions I created , my Address book would n't allow me to add or edit entries , Apple Keynote would not allow me to import images and Mail stopped remembering sender addresses for future autofill . I finally had to wipe my entire hard drive and clean install Leopard . Everything is running fine now.Bottom line , DO NOT USE DISK WARRIOR 4 WITH LEOPARD UNTIL ALSOFT RELEASES AN UPDATE - even though their website claims that it will work if you boot from the CD -LRB- which is what I did -RRB-
 I was getting the `` Kernel Panic '' screen on my G5 Power Mac running OS 10.5 -LRB- Leopard -RRB- . I purchased and tried Disk Warrior and the G5 did boot up from it once and started to rebuild the directory but part way through the rebuild I got the `` Kernel Panic '' screen again . After that it would not even boot up.I took my G5 to an Apple store and they told me it was the `` mother board '' and they no longer made or carried the one used in my 7 year-old machine . So I ended up purchasing a Mac mini running OS 10.7 . -LRB- Lion -RRB- . Fortunately my hard drives were ok and I did n't lose any of my pictures or music or files.Like others I wish I had saved my money . I also agree that you do n't seem to get much for your money . Just a cheap disc and a single sheet of instructions . Certainly nothing compared to what Norton Utilities used to give me years ago . I can NOT recommend Disk Warrior but I give it two stars since it did boot up my G5 once and it attempted to rebuild the directory.If you purchase DW I certainly hope you have better luck than I did .
 if you have a plain old external hard drive - that is , it is not mac formatted . When I run the program , I receive the message `` directory can not be rebuilt , file system is unsupported , this is not a Macintosh disk . The rebuild button is grayed out . waste of $ 100 .
 Thought it would fix at least two of the drives I had but it did nothing . Thanks for Nothing . I did everything correctly but diskwarrior could n't save them .
 My experience was kind of similar to the costumer who wrote -LRB- What 's Really Going On Here ? -RRB- . I was desperate when all the files disappeared from my external hard drive - and I googled for solutions and found the name of diskwarrior on the internet and costumers saying that it was an excellent product - went to their website and read the following : `` Just one click finds everything that 's missing or broken.With a single click , DiskWarrior finds all salvageable files and foldersand builds a new error-free , optimized directory for you to use . `` Of course in my despair , I would buy anything promising that ... I bought and nothing - the software runs fine in my computer but no hint of recovering anything ... nothing!Up to now , you can say , OK the software was not specific for my problem , though if 1T of files just disappeared and supposedly everything is in the hard drive , then should work ... but anyway , I contacted the costumer service -LRB- at least have to admit they are quickly to respond ... perhaps to say `` no '' ... -RRB- and explained that it did not work for me . So you then expect that if the product did not deliver what was promised , the refund should be processed , but they gave me this response : `` We are sorry , but we can not cancelyour order . It is listed twice before clicking the final purchase buttonthat all sales are final . Once the software has been downloaded , it isnot returnable.Please understand that there is great room for abuse regarding thisissue . Customers can download and have access to the software and thencontact us for a refund . We state on our site the requirements and thatall sales are final . `` Basically implying that because there is `` room for abuse '' ... meaning what ... I am lying and abusing ???!! ... they can not refund even if their product did not work ? ... So think twice !! It might have worked for many people and perhaps you are lucky , but -LRB- 1 -RRB- do not go for what they promise and -LRB- 2 -RRB- bad luck if it does not work for you - the company does not care and in my email interaction with them , they kept repeating `` all sales are final '' and `` contact our technical department ... bla . . bla '' ... probably they put all the consumers in the same bag and thought that I was trying to abuse ... what is outrageous ... that may be the reason they do not offer a trial period or a demo as the product is not that great and you buy in desperate situations.Anyway , what really upset me besides the product not working as promised was the disrespect with costumers - that for me is the main reason for not buying from them .
 Nothing on this page indicates whether the product being sold here is version 3 or version 4 . Which is it ?
 Alsoft DiskWarrior 4.2 is not worth the money . It did nothing to retrieve iPhotos that I had accidentally deleted . It ca n't retrieve files that have been deleted . It might be OK to rework the directory , but it costs way too much for that task .
 bought by mistake , sent back , free version of tax break sent to me in return .
 This is very complex software for a beginner even though it is advertised as very easy to learn . I later bought the training CD for $ 50 and it teaches none of the basics needed to use the software . The training does tell about the differences between older versions and version 16 . The support on their website does not work nor have they replied to any of my correspondence asking for assistance . I have worked for days to get very limited results and will probably remove the software from my computer and chalk it up as a $ 100 + experience .
 Lots of information but I wonder how this compares to the free wikipedia schools CD , the first version of which you can download or get on CD for free ? I think these paid CDs are no longer worth the money and the WP one keeps getting improved and re-released . You can find the WP CD by googling for `` 2006 Wikipedia CD '' or at FAQs at Wikipedia . Browse online and compare for yourself
 Microsoft have had years to get the Encarta interface right , and they still ca n't manage it . By now we can be sure of their strategy
 I recommend not buying this product . Encarta is -LRB- was -RRB- a useful tool , but the ` improvements ' in the 2006 version are not helpful . I was previously using the 2000 version which is not only much easier to navigate , but has apparently MORE information.Just a few of many criticisms include : The feature for famous quotations is organized only by author , not by subject -LRB- as it was in 2000 -RRB- . There is no audio pronounciation for many of the words in the dictionary.The atlas is not easily accessible.The authors of Encyclopaedia articles are not always listed.The archives are not as complete as in 2000 . It can not be customized.The flight-simulator feature has been removed.I was wrong to purchase the updated version .
 I ordered the ClipArt & More 3 Million because it comes with a year subscription to -LSB- ... -RSB- . I received ClipArt & More 3.5 Million which comes with a year subscription to -LSB- ... -RSB- . These are two distinctly different online clip art services . In my opinion , -LSB- ... -RSB- is superior to -LSB- ... -RSB- . It was n't worth the hassle to send it back . It really irritates me when I receive a substitute .
 According to Cnet review , `` Microsoft stores your financial information on its servers , which some people may have an issue with . '' This was a deal killer for me . In this age of identity theft when sophisticated financial institutions are losing or exposing data to hackers or thru incompetence ... there is just NO WAY any sane person should go along with this . Fortunately I can return it unopened so I 'm only out the time and hassle .
 Made the mistake of purchasing Money 2006 . Installed same and it would not even convert my Money 2002 file . Talked to Microsoft and they started with all kinds of work arounds and drove me to the point where I removed the product and re-installed Money 2002 and trashed Money 2006 . Chalk it up to experience try before you buy .
 Last year I had to recreate my Money file when upgrading to Money 2005 due to a file conversion problem . It was a major pain but I wrote it off to a `` one-time '' error . This year I downloaded the trial version before paying out for the new version . Glad I tried it first . It does n't work . Any online payments with brackets in the name -LRB- Money 's silly way of differentiating two payees with the same name -RRB- refuse to work . And , of course , customer support wo n't help me since it is a trial version . They wo n't even tell me if my problem is a known problem . The rep told me to buy the full version if I want customer support . Why in the world would I buy a broken product ? So I went back to Money 2005 and my online payments work again . That 's it . I 'm done . No more upgrades of Money . When I need new features I will switch to Quicken .
 Be careful with this software ! I do n't know why these smart people made so many simply math mistakes , you can find errors everywhere on the portfolio and report pages .
 I am glad I read the reviews before buying that told me to run the trial before buying . The program does not offer anything additional from the Money 2004 Deluxe I am currently using for budgeting , expense tracking , investment tracking , and planning . I am a loyal Money user for over 6 + years . I will stick with Money 2004 even though 2006 can be had for free after rebates.Pros : - Installed without a problem and seems to run pretty smoothly/fast without consuming a lot of CPU resources.-Converted my file without a problem -LRB- Make a copy of your file if you are just trying out the program . Keep your existing data file safely away so Money 2006 can not corrupts it by accident . -RRB- - Nice new interface . Fresh new colors . Navigation not made more difficult ... does not mean navigation is easier.Cons : - NO NEW useful features ! I use Money 2004 to do a lot of tracking , trending , and analysis . As far as I can tell after playing with 2006 for 3 + hours , there is no new functionality that is of use to me.-Tighter integration with the web . You can not easily tell what data is coming from the web and what data is local . Some people might like this , but I do not ! - Reports not processing for multiyear income/expense . A couple months work and current year works , but when I do no more than that , the program thinks forever . I am running a P4 so I do not know what the problem or fix is . At least it did not lock up windows or money completely ... I could hit the back button and the computer would stop thinking.-Reports selection laid out in a more confusing manner than with 2004.-Data display for viewing and configuring reports is more cumbersome and difficult than with 2004 .
 As a long-time Money user I bought Money 2005 Deluxe and had to return it for a refund , because it refused to read my Money 2004 data file.With Money 2006 I 'll be smarter and take advantage of the fact that Microsoft offers a 90 day trial version on their website . So before you buy or upgrade , download the trial and check for yourself , if Money 2006 is for you.BTW if you upgrade from a previous version , keep a backup-copy of your old file , because once you convert your file to Money 2006 , an older version of Money wo n't be able to read it . For the same reason , consider parallel installations -LRB- and double data-maintenance -RRB- of the Money 2006 trial and your older version for a while , until you 've determined to upgrade to M2006 or ditch it .
 I ordered this item , and before the CD arrived , I downloaded it from the msn website to try it out -LRB- Thanks to the advice given one of the other reviews here -RRB- . The software installed well , but would not let me log in because it would not recognize my ` passport ' . I went over my passport ID , changed it , etc , and ... well , the same problem . I then created a new email ID , new passport ID , and . . well , it still would not let me log in . I can not understand the logic of selling a piece of software whose functioning is linked to something outside . What is Microsoft thinking ?? Do they want everyone to start using Hotmail -LRB- and other MSN services -RRB- merely because they want to get Money ? I tried all the tricks suggested on their passport website -LRB- turned off my cookie/pop-up blocker , etc -RRB- , but still no luck . I tried logging into Money after a day , in case the passport ID needed some time to be recognized - still no luck . So , I actually spent a total of 2 + hours , trying to get in to try the software , and it would not let me . So , frustrated , I un-installed the software , and then cancelled my order . I am amazed that Microsoft would allow such a situation to be created - but then , knowing how dysfunctional MS office and Windows can sometimes be , I am not surprised . My advice - PLEASE download the trial software before you place an order here.I wish I could give my experience a negative score -LRB- minus 4 seems appropriate for what I went through -RRB- .
 Reviewed all other reviews re MS money but since I 'm Microsoft certified for 8 years and live with their software daily etc. . . have ignored bad reviews . However after hours of trying to setup online bill pay ... and hours on the phone with MS , I have learned that the online bill pay has been disabled and no longer works . This applies to all Money 2006 products . Call before you buy to see what else may be wrong in their advertising ***** ... MS Money 2006 online bill pay does not work ... . save your time and buy something else ... this software sucks ... . I must add that they told me they can refund your money hopefully before June but no guarantees ...
 The software is easy to use and interfaces well with my bank . I also like that the home page can be customized to show different views of your accounts - very nice.My only complaint and , ultimately the reason that I wo n't use the software , is that it wants to connect to the Internet every time I open it . You are able to turn off the preference to connect to the Internet but the program still requires you to enter your . NET username and password when you begin . I also had to select `` Work offline '' each time you opened the program and I became uncomfortable that I would forget one day.I used the product for a week and decided that the risk was too high that I might forget to keep the program offline and have my banking information uploaded to a `` secure '' Microsoft site .
 Did these other users not get the same license agreement I got ? How could anyone not mind?The license agreement gives MS an open-ended legal right to make unnamed/unspecified alterations to your software/computer WITHOUT NOTIFICATION.In other words , by clicking `` I Agree '' , the end user is agreeing to allow Microsoft to come in and make whatever changes it sees fit - the language specifically refused to limit what MS could and could not do - and you will not be notified when alterations are made to your computer , your software , etc.What sort of crazy person is okay with a deal like this ? Does n't anyone read what they are signing , or what ?
 I have been using Money 2002 for years . But one thing I have problem with the money 2002 product is its investment verification . It seems to have problem match stock with its symbol and the actual company name . For example , if the broker download has Microsoft and you want to make it MSFT , the product seems to get into a endless loop of verification . I think it happen when you have two stocks in a particular download that you want to match.So I brought Money 2006 -LRB- not listen to advice on this board -RRB- , thinking the bug has been fixed . Surprise ! I had the same issue . Worst is that I went through a hour verifying 50 transaction and get stucked with the verification loop I talked about . So I save and exit the program , restarted it . The money asks me to start from the beginning of 50 transactions again . That 's when I decided that I have wasted my money on this product.I am a software engineer . I think Microsoft must have tons of extremely bright engineers working on this product . But I am disappointed . This is no mean to make a personal attack on Microsoft . May be the product management has to take blame for this . I do n't know ...
 I had Money 2005 working with my pocket PC 2003 , but recently had to change to windows mobile 5.0 . Unfortunately Money 2005 does n't work with windows mobile 5.0 . I was told by Microsoft that Money 2006 does n't either , but Money 2007 would . Now that Money 2007 is out , they are now telling me that Money will NEVER be compatible with windows mobile 5.0 . It was very hard to get a straight answer from them !
 I downloaded the trial version of this product to try it out . First off my early entries of bills for the current month duplicated themselves . Then when I tried an update from the web for my credit cards they were consistently mismatched , even though the 2005 version I have kept running matched correctly.The 2005 version still has many problems even after the fixes and 2006 seems to build on the problems . Unfortunately it was too late last year to go back while I was working with technical support for weeks . If you can , stay with editions prior to 2005 . They worked well .
 After purchasing a copy of MS Money 2006 Deluxe I spent many hours setting up my accounts for online updates ... so far so good . I then attempted to setup online bill payments through MSN Bill Pay , which is the only option offered in MS Money 2006 . I spent many more hours trying to get the online bill payments to work . I finally broke down and started working with tech support for both MS Money and MSN Bill Pay . After several hours of trying to resolve the problem with tech support they finally told me that MSN Bill Pay does not work with MS Money 2006 ! I guess they skipped the beta testing on this product ! To make matters even worse canceling MSN Bill Pay screwed-up the online update features I spent so much time setting up . This product is absolute GARBAGE ! Shame on Microsoft for putting out such trash ! Be warned ... do not buy this product unless you have too much time on your hands , the patients of a saint , and a burning desire to to talk with tech support for hours-on-end without resolving your problems .
 To do _ anything _ in the program you must sign up for a MS passport account . Even once you do , MS Money has problems logging into it . After all of the passport hassle , I discovered that it provided absolutely zero benefits.MS Money is also built around internet explorer , so anything and everything that makes internet explorer evil will also manifest itself in Money.I tried Money because Quicken is too focused on promoting other products , making it seem like a big commercial , but Money is no different .
 Too many problems to list , but a few of the big ones are ; Import of Quicken 2004 data ; Completely dropped the Category from thousands of transactions.Reports - about 50 % of the reports just sit and spin with a `` Loading '' message flashing on the screen - waited overnight just to see if it just needed time - nope same thing in the morning.Loans - Ca n't correctly calculate a loan amortization.Ugh , back to Quicken I guess .
 I WAS so happy using this software until i start planning to change my PC ... The reason why i have gave this product 1 star is the following :1 -RRB- I backed up all the data and moved my back up files into the new PC and it does restore , but i lost all the transactions under my accounts2 -RRB- I lost my budget plan3 -RRB- All i found is -LRB- Accounts information ONLY , Bills scheduals -RRB- Thats all what MS Money 2006 Delux back up file has , and the backup file is around 3.78 mb , looks like something wrong in program restore since i am % 100 sure of the backup/restore steps.Please becarful before you start using this program , i consider it a disaster for the user if he would like to format his pc or mirgrate to another pc .
 I was a MS Money user in 1998 and got away from it . Now I 'm in a position where I can use it again , so I picked up a copy ... What a pain in the S ! - The `` budget '' and the bill payment function are linked ! Wan na do a `` cash flow analysis ? '' Good luck ! The linking causes the cash flow to get all messed up -LRB- unless you turn one or the other off ... I still ca n't get them BOTH right . - You may think that a direct conenct to your bank is a good thing ... NOT ! Everything works fine until I set up a payment for next week . MS Money shows a debit TODAY in the register !!! Debit is n't set up for 3 months ? TOO BAD ... register reflects the debit TODAY !! - Program ca n't do BASIC MATH !!!! I have a coupla mutual funds ... Lets see if this is too complicated for YOU , cuz it sure is for MS Money 2006 !!! 40.315 shares x $ 69.893 per share -LRB- $ 2,817.74 -RRB- , followed by 82.367 shares x $ 36.005 per share -LRB- $ 2965.62 -RRB- MSM agress with that part ... add them together and ... $ 5,783.26 -LRB- in the REAL world -RRB- in MSM world it 's ... $ 5,964.16 !! Those are the ONLY transactions in the account !! WTF !?!?! I knew MS was bad but BASIC ARITHMETIC !?!?!?! - Here 's another ... my bank connects and interfaces with MSM -LRB- see above -RRB- but I have to pay $ 9.95 per month ! -LRB- ok , it 's free for now , but bet yer S I 'm dumping it when it 's not -RRB- . So what do I have ? A medicore check register ... I think I can do better with an abacus!If you 're even thinking about buying this product , first put DOWN the crack pipe ... but if you INSIST , just get the standard ... do n't waste your money on the deluxe features which either suck or do n't .
 The greatest feature to previous versions was the ability to highlight items to see where you stood with each bill . No longer ! The genius at Microsoft who has more money than Uncle Sam decided common folks do not need a bills forecast .
 This software is all about advertising . It feels like Microsoft is trying to upsell me everytime I navigate to a different section of the application.As for the stability of the application , it 's horrible . I have setup bank accounts that disappear a few minutes after I start entering transactions , online payment dates are inaccurate -LRB- Not the fault of the bank -RRB- , and online updates often fail until I clear my Internet cache.I think it 's time to look at Quicken .
 I had Money 2004 , and loved its `` Money Express '' feature . It was the icon in the system tray that displayed your upcoming bills and/or deposits whenever you logged on to the computer . Very handy for letting you know when bills were coming due.I upgraded to Money 2006 Deluxe recently , and found out that Microsoft did away with this feature . Now I 'm asking myself why I wasted my money.One usually assumes that when you upgrade to the latest version , you 'll get more features , not less . What 's that expression about assuming ???
 I 'm a MS Money 2003 owner , and was sorely disappointed with ' 06 . First of all , the detailed budget feature was broken with no hope for a patch from MS , and it looks like MS actually removed functionality . It was promptly returned ...
 I have downloaded and used the demo on two separate occasions now -LRB- I 'm a slow learner I guess -RRB- . Both times ended in frustration and my reinstallation of Money 2004 . The interface is n't nearly as intuitive as 2004 . When I set up my mortgage , the ammoratization schedule was completely wrong . The catagories are not nearly as nice or extensive as 2004 . I really tried to like Money 2006 , but between the bugs and the frustration it is a step backwards from Money 2004 . I strongly reccomend trying before buying .
 Three weeks ago I bought a TaxCut 2006 Delux from Staples , along with Microsoft Mondy 2006 Delux because :1 . It 's free after rebates -LRB- weekly special from staples -RRB- 2 . It 's Microsoft , the biggest software compay in the world .3 . The feature list on the cover seems very promising . I thought I could manage my finance better with the help of this software.But ... . I was wrong . I wasted 2 whole nights trying to set up my accounts and make it work . Although it 's sort of working now , it still have all kinds of issues . The most frustrating issue is the `` Money connects to thousands of banks and updates balances automatically , letting you easily stay on top of your finances . '' feature , which seems very handy and tempting but unfortunately it never ever works as promised . Sometimes it takes forever to update an account , sometimes it prints `` update unsuccessful '' . I have been using it a dozen times so far and it never updated all of my accounts successfully at once . To me , it 's such a frustrating tool and it 's a waste of time.I am also a software engineer but I ca n't imagine how hard it is to implement this feature . I also ca n't imagine how come Microsoft would release this crap to public . It does n't seem that Microsoft ever tested it before release . Anyway , at least I learned a few lessons from this experience :1 . Everybody makes crap , even Microsoft .2 . Every software has a list of `` amazing '' features -LRB- at least the designers think so -RRB- , while it 's a totally different case on how the features are implemented . As a user , do n't just assume the features work as you expected and will work well .3 . Always read customer reviews of a product before you placed the order . If I read this before -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B0009KLGJU/sr=8-1/qid=1140575388/ref=pd_bbs_1/002-4434874-5424810?%5Fencoding=UTF8&v;=glance -RRB- , I would not have wasted my money and time on this crap .4 . Now I understand why people are saying that the only products that Microsoft earns money from is Windows and Office.BTW
 I have been a user of QuickBooks since the 90 's . When I finally went for an upgrade , it really hit home expensive it was for the marginal improvements over plain Quicken . I mean I 'd be paying hundreds of dollars and THEN on top of it , Id have to buy some special software module to do the online accounts whereas Quicken had this built in ? Ridiculous . I found this infuriating and so I set out to switch everything and I got MS Money 2006 . It turns out that it inherited that same annoying feature that was the halmark of MS Word - it hides what it is doing and when there are errors until there is just some inexplicable quirky behavior and then you have no point of reference as to what might be wrong and you just sit in front of the screen pulling your hair out for hours.Setup was a breeze and everyting seemed to flow and was so intuitive that I was feeling very good . I set up accounts , imported data THEN I hit the wall . Id go to an account that would say `` 530 transactions to read '' but there would be NOTHING in the register . I spent hours and hours with this ONE problem . I wnt to the website and it dawned on me that this was a data importation problem . This program can not even import a simple , standard . QIF file without screwing up ... and then instead if the programe TELLING you that it is screwing up , it acts like everything is fine but then it just wo n't let you look at the transactions in your register . The MS website goes into detail about using the data repairing features of the software - I tried it all 10 times and it does n't work . So what started off as a breeze was rudely interrupted by the fact that MS Money can not even handle data importation . This is so absolutely absurd to me with all of this technology that something so basic and simple completely ruins their program 's funcitonality.The Fix ? I had an old trial version of Quicken 2002 laying around . I loaded it , and imported everything immediately without a single problem . Why can 's Microsoft 4 years later duplicate that ? I do n't know but it has been a week and everything has gone smoothly and quickly with this old Quicken from online setup through loading old data through reconciling and creating reports . Obviously , Quicken has my vote .
 Microsoft has been experiencing problems updating the prices of most non-US Funds , and these have not been resolved despite lengthy discussions on microsoft newsgroups . At the time of writing , pretty much all non-US Funds are not being recognised by Microsoft Money and are therefore being ascribed a nil value in portfolios . This leads to very misleading results and makes the product of very limited use if you wanted to use it to track your investments and you would do better to look for a different product than this one .
 I 've used MS Money for five years now , and have faithfully upgraded each year -- only because of the great deal I 've gotten each year with the purchase of tax software . I expect that with each upgrade there will be some minor transition issues as the updated software interfaces with my on-line banks . However , this upgrade is by far the worst ever . Last weekend I spent an hour redoing about 3 months worth of bank statements , as Money would import the same transactions three or four times each time it connected to the bank . Thinking I had finally gotten everything correctly synched , I closed and restarted , only to find that the same problem has occurred yet again.In short , DO NOT UPGRADE !
 The minimum rating is 1 star , but it does n't deserve it . I have been a Microsoft Money user since 1998 , and always preferred it to Quicken . Currently I 'm using 2004 Deluxe , and will stay on it for a while - trying the new 2006 version literally made me sick ... I did not find any new features or improvements compare to 2004 , but a lot of things got worse . More space is occupied by 4-level toolbars -LRB- menu + 3 toolbars -RRB- at the top leaving less space on the screen for useful information . The home page layout could not be customized the same way as before , and every section of the home page is 5 times bigger then in 2004 version - so instead of being able to see all I want on one page I have to scroll 2 or 3 screens down . I used to have 4 columns on my home page -LRB- it was dependend on your screen resolution -RRB- , and now it is fixed at 2 . Even if you turn off advertisement and shopping links in the settings , the ads are everywhere - you really feel like you are using some free service supported by advertisers - what do I pay my money for then ??? And it tried to add something to my trusted web sites list - no matter what it is I do not like when application is messing around with my internet settings without letting me know about that!Finally , the new version is much slower then 2004 . I do not see why should it be , considering that there is no new functionality .
 I have used Money since Money 95 and currently have 2002 . I downloaded the 2006 Deluxe trial with the intent to use it while I order it an wait for it to show up . After using it , I am just going back to 2002 . The user interface in 2006 is much cleaner and nicer , but there is little -LRB- if any -RRB- new functionality that I care about and some of the old issues are still there . For example , I transfered stock from one account to another and the return percentages do not calculate correctly -LRB- the original account has a near 100 % loss because it looks like the transfer was for $ 0 in proceeds -RRB- . This is an issue in 2002 and is still an issue in 2006 . Also , you still can not categorize investments with anything except large-cap , small-cap , etc. - it would be nice to do it by industry . The new backup method which allows you to keep multiple backups is nice , but there really is n't much else there.This product made leaps and bounds improvements for many years , but it has basically focused on re-doing the user interface over the last few years instead of adding new functionality .
 Decent interface , nice product overall , if you can stand the in your face advertising they have in the program for 3rd party advertisers . I ca n't believe I PAID to see spam . The downloads from credit cards are nice , but Microsoft announced that the downloads expire after 2 years . This has been happening since Money 2003 . Money 2002 is the only one that does n't have the credit card / bank statement downloads expire after 2 years . Google Money 2006 -LRB- in groups -RRB- to get other opinions.Oh , and if you 're on the paranoid side , do n't use passport . A friend was on tech support at MS and they had him turn on passport and they were able to see all of his account information over the net . I do n't know how that works but its a little scary if you ask me .
 Do n't buy this one . It is time to change to Quicken . I have been using Money for almost 5 years now and I am feed up with it . This version fixes nothing , enchances nothing , added more web pages which I do n't care about , and expires the download capability in 2 years . When I installed the software half of my existing online setups were broken and I had to resolve the problem myself . -LRB- Useless Microsoft support -RRB- .
 I recently tried to project what would happen to my mortgage if I added some to the principal each month - a thing that was easy to do in the last version of Money I had . In this version , the only way to do it is to add your mortgage to your debt reduction planner . After doing that , I adding an amount to the monthly mortgage to see how much it would be shortened - the answer came back that the mortgage would be paid off next month , no matter the amount I entered . I 'm so disppointed in this version that I will now have to look into Quicken to see if they have the features I used to have . If nothing else , I 'll go back to the prior version if I can . This is the absolute worst `` upgrade '' I 've ever experienced with Microsoft . I will NEVER buy another verison of Microsoft Money .
 This is incredibly bad SW . Aside from problems downloading data from banks , the user interface is inexcusable ! I never made it past trying to set up accounts -LRB- succeeded with some , failed with others , no idea why -RRB- and categorize transactions and review charts . I never could get it to download 401K or credit card data . The final straw was all the stupid dialogs that are n't wide enough to see either the whole account description or transaction description and ca n't be resized . Forget making it to separate budgets for different accounts . Returned for refund .
 Ok , I got duped . A real Eve Dallas fan I decided to try this different book . Worked my way through the first half , not particularly enjoying it and then realized that I had already read the second half under the title of Big Jack by JD Robb .
 I have read most of Nora Robert 's books and many of them have moved me to tears . Having said that , this book bored me to tears ! In most of Robert 's books the characters are carefully and lovingly created with adequate time given to get to know them , care for them and go on the journey with them . Nothing here of that caliber . Just a boring story about Eve Dallas -LRB- I 've never read J.D. Robb and do n't want to now -RRB- and her hardboiled character who seems robotic and unfeeling . I found no interest in the second half of the book but read it to the end and was glad to be done with it . I 'll take the romantic and carefully developed characters of Nora Roberts ' books and leave the J.D. Robb futuristic stuff for the people who enjoy it .
 The first part was okay , it 's got romance , sex , suspense , just everything it needs . But when part 2 came , it was as boring as hell . Yes it shows a little affection between the hero and heroine . But over-all I did n't really like this Nora Roberts book , and I feel that I wasted money on this book . To be honest , I bought this book because of the name . Nora Roberts always manages to surprise me , but over-all I really DID NOT like this book . It was a waste of my time . The first part was good , I mean , everything was planned out set out , it was out there . But when the second part came I wanted to throw the book away . I read all the way till Chapter 25 and it just bored me to hell . I said , `` Forget it , never mind I 'm not going to read this . `` SO overall in my opinion this is not worth it . If you want real Nora Roberts , Read BirthRight , Carnal Innocence , Donovan Series , and Midnight Bayou .
 I give the first part of the story a 4 and a zero to the second - in fact , I did n't even finish the book - I simply did n't care what happened to them or the treasure . I enjoyed the first two characters -- Eve and Roarke bore me to tears - or at least , Eve does . I do n't like female characters who flaunt the fact that they have bigger -LRB- you know whats -RRB- than the men in her world -- she 's turning Roarke into a whimp ! I 've read 75 % of Robert 's books , but I think I 'm through with Roberts/Robb - she 's done her story formula to death .
 Business Plan Pro is better than a sharp stick in the eye , but not much better . That 5 star review sounds like it was written by a corporate shill . Let me tell you about BP ProBusiness Plan Pro is a half-fast program . It has some of the functionality of Excel but does n't allow linking between worksheets . It has some of the functionality of Word , but you ca n't remove a row once you have inserted a heading . For example , if you decide that you do n't need a `` Personal Assistant '' you still have a row in the personel spreadsheet that has to be edited later . The formula backtracker is cumbersome , it takes you back to the precedents , but does n't have a return feature . These are only but a few of the many built-in aggrievations . Everytime you try and get some detail , it refers you to the Premier edition which costs $ 250 . That 's insulting.If you are starting a business for the first time , my advice is to sign up for a night course on business plans and use the software they give you .
 This software is a joke for anyone who would want to use it to get a bank loan or venture capital . For example , you can set a 3-year or 5-year forecast . Then it asks you to apply a growth rate to your year 1 sales , and it applies that growth rate over the entire forecast . Anyone knows that growth rates vary year-to-year based on the stage of your business.I wo n't even get into how bad the expense forecasting section is.Anyone trying to raise money will be told their plan is worthless when they present it to investors . Whether the funding source comes from a bank or VC , they will want to see a monthly -LRB- 12 months -RRB- build to a quarterly -LRB- 12 quarters -RRB- to an annual -LRB- 5 years -RRB- . In other words , they -LRB- and you should -RRB- want to see if the cash you 're asking for will cover the needs within the financing period . This software wo n't support such a basic , critical requirement.Don ' t waste your money . This software is amateur .
 I will be returning this product ! Not worth the box it came in . The examples are one line or at best a simple paragraph . Great if your 15 and wanting to start on little business . Not very professional in my opinion . you would think for $ 100 you would get real examples of companies and not some kid running a lemonade stand !!!
 This program will not import bit mapped graphics files , or files created by newer versions of AI . I could not really use it .
 One of the most amazing things about this product is that you are not able to print your results . If you want to print out all of your charitable contributions for 2005 , you are out of luck . Technology is 15 years behind any other software on market .
 Purchased Microsoft Money 2006 Premium as an upgrade to my Money 2004 . Did the same with Money 2005 last year but could not get it to run effectively -LRB- without crashing -RRB- so I uninstalled it and went back to Money 2004 . Figured that Microsoft probably made a bunch of changes in the two years since Money 2004 so I took the leap to Money 2006 . It migrated my data fine and runs without crashing but I am still in search of new functionality . I do n't download account data from banks so if functional improvements were made in this area I am oblivious to them . I do know that the screen jumps when entering transactions in the portfolio summary - maybe something that can be patched by Microsoft before it is offered as a `` feature '' in Money 2007 . Bottom line - if have Money 2004 or 2005 you may want to save your money as the features and functionality in Money 2006 are essentially the same .
 I am a long time Money user , all the way back to ' 99 . I 've always preferred it over Quicken because I found it more intuitive , powerful , and easier to use all at the same time.I have noticed that over the various incarnations of the software , more and more links back to Microsoft and other advertisting `` partners '' -LRB- read
 The one part of Money that works well is that it is an excellent vehicle to deliver advertisements to you . It 's like paying for cable television and seeing only commercials 80 % of the time . Most of the menu items in Money are cleverly disguised links to commercial web sites.Online transaction downloads are atrocious . If you can get it to work -LRB- and it probably does work with some minority of banks -RRB- , it completely garbles your finances at a fundamental level.Here 's an example . I have a checking account , a savings account and a credit card account with the same bank . After hours of effort , I was able to download all of my transactions into Money . After all of that , I wanted to see the valuable insights into my financial situation that I expected to get through the reports . When I looked at my tax situation , it warned me that I would owe thousands of dollars over my usual withholding . I finally figured out that it was treating every credit card payment , transfer to savings and transfer back from savings to checking as new income . So if I make $ 1,000 in a month and pay $ 200 to my credit card and put $ 100 in savings , then move $ 500 out of savings to pay for new tires , Money says I 've made $ 1,800 in income.The only way to fix this is supposedly to change the transaction type for all these transfers to `` Transfer '' . Makes sense , right ? So , I went back and changed the classification on all these transactions , then I looked at my bank balance , and Money 's calculated balance was many thousands of dollars different from my actual balance . It turns out that when you change a transaction type to `` transfer '' Money automatically creates a corresponding transaction in the destination account . Since that account also has downloaded transactions , every one of them resulted in duplicates . As far as I know , there is no way to sort this out without some kind of black magic recommended by tech support.Finally , if you must install Money 2006 , do n't waste your money on the Premium version . The only difference between Deluxe and Premium is some bundled coupons to some online services that may or may not be valuable , but which can be acquired for free through other channels .
 I was using the 2004 version which I thought was user-friendly with lots of nice features . I upgraded , not having a choice what with Microsoft 's asinine online usage policy and what a let down . Probably 60 % + of this software is nothing more than links back to MS Money site trying to peddle you different services . UGH ! I hate such blatant and self-serving marketing . I am unistalling this version , tossing it in the trash and switching over to QB even though it has far more features than I will ever need for my personal finances . I 'm really disappointed with this product .
 Decided to try the free trial from Microsoft Money 2006 Premium . If your looking to change or upgrade , I highly recommend the free trial before you buy anything.I use this software exclusively for tracking my stocks and options transactions.I 've spent about 3 days trying to get my Money 2006 setup and working correctly . It still does n't work right . The program fails to correctly handle most of the options transactions downloaded during the account setup . It outright fails to recognize any option transactions that expired.Reporting is terrible . The user interface is awful , you ca n't navigate your way through the application easily . You ca n't go back to your portfolio from reports without going back to the first menu and drilling back down to the individual account.I really dislike that the program wants your Passport signon and password everytime you log into the application.It also refuses to let you setup up a manual account that is n't tied to a bank or brokerage company . So your basically forced to deal with the automated links/downloads whether you want to or not .
 Besides the obvious problem of BEING REQUIRED TO REGISTER WITH PASSPORT and making available all your financial data to a company , MicroBucks , which has been found guilty of violating laws in both America and Europe , the interface is confusing as is the setup of accounts.I ca n't tell ya much more because I got to the part where I was suppose to download acct information from my bank but no matter what I tried it would not work.In short , find a different product .
 Have used Money for several years and recently upgraded from Money 2003 . The data conversion appeared to go well , but the program `` lost '' several reporting functions . The graphics and `` reset '' buttons on the report customization menus are grayed out . However , graphics in the ` Monthly Report '' and in the lifetime planner work fine . MS suggestion was to create a new file and then export each account individually to the new file . With 125 + accounts that would be absurd . I did set up a small trial file with some minimal data and found all graphics functional . I still prefer the 2003 version but can not go back now .
 This product works -- but is ridiculously slow.On my 2.4 Ghz P4 machine : - Screen refreshes take multiple seconds . - Portfolio view changes can take 10-15 seconds.Please , Microsoft , FIX the performance . Assign a realdev team to re-architect it . Please .
 Microsoft has been experiencing problems updating the prices of most non-US Funds , and these have not been resolved despite lengthy discussions on microsoft newsgroups . At the time of writing , pretty much all non-US Funds are not being recognised by Microsoft Money and are therefore being ascribed a nil value in portfolios . This leads to very misleading results and makes the product of very limited use if you wanted to use it to track your investments and you would do better to look for a different product than this one .
 I have sent the necessary documents within a week from buying and receiving the box from this site - I submitted the rebate app on the young-america -LRB- vendor -RRB- website - it has been more than two months - no rebate yet . I checked on the young-america site and it says it couldnt even find my rebate application - very convenient for Microsoft and the vendor to not locate my app - how else they are going to make money ?? - Functionality wise - no improvement at all over MS Money 2004There is no rating below than one star otherwise I could have given it less than a star and if possible negative - not worth spending around $ 70 for the software
 Money 2004 never crashed on me , but I find 2006 does so quite often.I 'm a little frustrated with not being able to view changes to the budget in the current month.From the help manual : `` If your budget does n't look balanced the first month , wait until next month to see if the problem goes away on its own . `` Money 2006 has n't got any simplier . In their attempt to simplify you now have ` basic ' and ` advanced ' modes to everything . This makes it more confusing and harder to find features .
 I thought this software would be a great way to track my day-to-day expenses but how wrong was I !! I have spent several hours trying to sync my online bank information with Money and I am getting so many error messages ! This is one of the worst programs that Microsoft has updated ! I wish that I would 've tested the trial version first before I purchased it . I consider myself to be very computer savvy but it must take a genius to figure out this program ! It is not user friendly at all and it is so disappointing ! I wish that I could get my money back ! Take it from me , test it before you buy it or you 'll hate it as much as I do !
 This softeware is not ready for prime time . Microsoft is notorious for releasing software before it 's debugged , but this may be a new low . I have spent the past 10 days with tech support types , trying to get Money to communicate with MSN and their Bill Pay service , without corrupting my files . The result
 Okay . . Maybe 2 stars is harsh but the bugs this program has are a little to large for a program this type.I truly wish I had paid more heed to the negative reviews instead of thinking `` hey how bad can it be ! '' . . let me tell you . . dont throw your money away like I did . . I 'm seriously considering getting my money back from Microsoft through their 30 day money back garauntee.Here is why : The reports are ALL useless ! as another reviewer here pointed out . . When you make a payment from one account to a credit card account also stored in money . . guess what ? IT DOUBLE COUNTS ! It counts your credit card payment entry as Expense ... and it counts all the entries in that credit card you paid off . . AS SEPARATE EXPENSES ! Still dont get it ? If you spend $ 50 on your credit card , money will show it as $ 100 spent , coz you spent $ 50 on the credit card , and $ 50 paying off the debt on the credit card.The worth of these financial management programs lies completely in their ability to give us accurate reports and information on our expenses and assets . . and if they fail at this very basic thing . . they are useless.Terrible ... absolutely terrible.Other than that . . the program was easy to setup with all my banking/credit card/investment institutions . and everything worked . sigh ...
 Pretty , but no additional useful functionality . I hate the automating portfolio updating of stock prices everytime you start the program . Stock prices do n't change between Friday and Monday , yet the program insists on downloading unchanged prices . The effect is unnecessary pause , after unnecessary pause , after unnecessary pause . There is a setting that is supposed to turn this off , but it does n't ! Calls and e-mails to technical support will get you anything except an answer . So , if you have a large financial database that has grown for several years , stick with Money 2004 . Microsoft is only interested in new customers , loyal customers get stuck with a slow albatross . The Macintosh people have taken over !
 The bill paying / scheduling is not integrated with the ` accounts ' -LRB- not is the budget feature as far as I can tell ... -RRB- . I could not enter my existing mortgage information -- it insisted that the amounts were * wrong * . -LRB- Gee ... perhaps I should tell that to my bank ... -RRB- . I cant link a scheduled payment with a credit card account -LRB- or loan account , etc. . . -RRB- . There does n't seem to be any way for it to automatically recognize payments -LRB- for example an electronic payment to citibank - you have to catagorize it yourself each and every month -RRB- . I would say that half of the screens are nothing but advertising from various financial insitutions -LRB- who probably paid MS loads of money for the privledge -RRB- . I 'm going back to Quicken ...
 I bought Money Premium version because Microsoft advertised $ 249 free stuffs . Please see the following link : http://www.microsoft.com/money/specialoffers.mspxAccording to the Microsoft web site , I have to use the specfied URL from Money program to get the free stuffs . I could not find these URLs from Money program except the Experian -LRB- free credit report -RRB- . I used the online chat support . Microsoft staff wrote
 Like many of the other comments RE
 I ca n't speak generally of how this software works because I can not get it to work properly . It will not connect to any bank accounts or credit card accounts . It just comes back with a useless error message . I have never had this problem with Quicken or previous versions of Money that I have used .
 updated to money 2006 from 2003 . followed the instructions for the migration , and it lost 3 months of my financial records ! there is no excuse for this , particularly in a product as mature as this . most of microsoft 's products are superb , do n't understand why they ca n't get their act together on this one.the user interface is highly non-intuitive . it wo n't let automatic categorization of recurring debits . what kind of time-saver is this ? and now , after upgrading to IE7 , it wo n't accept my password . it complains there 's no connection to the internet -LRB- there is , all other programs are working just fine -RRB- . i wonder how much more of my time i will waste attempting to fix this one ...
 I started using Money in 2005 . It is a great idea if you ask me . Instead of having to go to 10 different websites to view all of my financial information , I can let this software download all of the info automatically , tell me when to pay bills , pay bills , and budget all in ONE interface . Fantastic.When I installed 2005 I had some problems . I finally got everything synched up and working well for about 9 months or so . Then I upgraded to 2006 . Guess what ? All of the same bugs in the setup . Everything was scrambled . I figured I could overcome because I was now an experienced user and had seen these problems the year before . I put things in order , or so I thought , and used it about 2X before it became useless again . I finally gave up and no longer use the product at all really . Wonder if it is even still on my computer ... hmmmm ... Anyway , another user gives lots of advice on how to make this software work , and I have n't really tried to follow it . If I were to try again , I would take a look at his advice on not getting a passport , not downloading from Yodlee , etc. . Or maybe it 's just easier to not get Microsoft Money , since the automation functionality will all be gone if you do these things . -LRB- Not slamming anyone here . The advice is sincere and useful from the other user - I just have a different opinion -RRB- . In order to download all of the info from each individual website by hand , instead of using passport/yodlee , you have to log into each site by hand , and download the file . You 're just as well off at that point to download it into an excel file and pay your bills from your bank 's website.I love the idea behind this software . I just wish it worked .
 Terrible , terrible , terrible program . It 's the worse one of any kind I 've ever used -LRB- except Quicken -RRB- . I 'd give 1/100th of a star if possible.I ca n't even find the place to generate a report , much less how to print it . The interface is even more unintuitive , if that is possible.I stumbled around in the previous version and pretty much got it to do what I needed ... I bought a `` dummies '' book about it , and it 's a little helpful . -LRB- It 's still very difficult to find out how to generate/print reports . -RRB- I curse floridly every time I have to use this program -LRB- tax time ... hmmm ... wonder if there 's some connection ?! -RRB- There are also lots of embedded links to insurance , investing , etc. sales sites . Irritating . Cheesy.After using 2006 , I 'm ready to go back to a paper ledger.Save your -LSB- old version of -RSB- money . mb ~ ~ Update , 2010
 I 've used MS Money since 1999 , I think . Never had a problem until now . I was using 2005 when they made a upgrade available last Mar or Apr. . Ever since the upgrade , and continuing with the 2006 version , I can not use the debt reduction planner . After several hours on the phone with tech support , it seems that I 'm the only one who noticed the problem . And of course there is no fix , no plans for a fix -- maybe with the 2007 version . Also , what the heck did they do to the budget feature ? I 'm at a loss as to what to do , since Money and Quicken seem to be the only programs out there .
 To be fair - I probably do n't use this the `` normal '' way . I like to print checks . This seems like basic functionality . I used , supported , and written software that does this . But I have never worked with a program that was slower , less intuitive , nor more frustrating than Money . Since I have considerable data in it I keep trying -LRB- originally I had high hopes for it -RRB- . There is no other program that can get me to curse at it - except Money . Unless you are forced to ... try something else ... anything else .
 On line banking ? Automatically download your information from bank?Cool ! Until you realize hundreds of transactions in some bank account are counted twice while syncronizing with your bank . Try to fix it by deleing one of them ? Be careful not to break the link automatically created in the background . Your number may be messed up and it could be difficult to find which transaction the deletion could have altered.I thought it would be at least worth the money I paid if I use it manually without using on-line feature ... only to find it is very inconvenient even just to create a checking account . Things are so much directed to on-line automation even if you do not want to.Microsoft products are great , except they try to automate too much assuming `` they know what you want to do '' . It is just like that annoying help annimation figure in MS Office , which acts like a person who understands your need , and dumps out entirely unrelated nonsenses as you describe your specific need . So idealistic!Even if 80 % of customer typically need certain things in a certain situation , why not leave a choice to customer to choose different option old way they are used to for the rest of 20 % , rather than directing everything to a new `` fancy '' direction ? There are so many other small frustrating features that I find in MS Money -LRB- and also Quicken too -RRB- that would be hard to describe all here . I am going to use just plain spreadsheet to do my bookkeeping . For whatever reason , I can not even export the numbers I have in the MS Money -LRB- and Quicken too -RRB- to spreadsheet or even to text file .
 I purchased Microsoft Money 2006 Small Business to handle my business ' invoices , customer list , and banking . I am very pleased with the banking aspects of the software . However , the business features are terrible . The customer database does not have a field for company name . Therefore , I have to squeeze my customers ' company names into an address field . The address fields are n't very long , so this has caused major , major probelms . Also , if a customer wants to have the merchandise shipped to a different person at another address , you are only able to change the ship-to address . The name field can not be changed . Because of this , I 've had to cross out names and handwrite a new name in . Another huge problem is the fact that the invoices can not be adjusted to reflect shipping charges towards the bottom of the invoice under the subtotal . Your shipping charges need to be entered as a line item . We 're an online retailer , so this is a significant setback because all of our orders are shipped and we need to break down the subtotal and the shipping total . The invoice designer featured in Money 2006 Small Business is an absolute joke . You 're limited to strict templates that all look like something out of the 1980 's . Because of the banking features this software has , it 's been worth it for me to use it . The $ 35.00 program I upgraded from -LRB- Invoices and Estimates Pro -RRB- was far better . Before I forget ... I also tried to call Microsoft to discuss the problems I was having with the software . Unless you 're willing to be placed on hold for 45-minutes , it 's not going to happen .
 I 've been using Microsoft Money since Money 99 . Every year , I buy the new small business edition . It 's certainly not the most intuitive Microsoft application , but once you are familiar with the ins and outs , it 's quite useful and a great way to keep your finances in line.The 2006 edition , however , is a different story . I 've had nothing but trouble with it since installing it . It does not properly match my downloaded transactions to entries in the register , and when I try to update them manually , I am unable to - I either get a blank page with two radio buttons , or I get the correct page , but the ` done ' button does not work . To fix this , I have to run a repair on my . mny file every day . After that , it will work properly once or twice before breaking again.I 'm giving this application two stars rather than one because it does have a few improvements over the previous version , and I do like the updated look and feel . If Microsoft released a patch to fix the bugs , I would be quite happy with it . Unfortunately though , I do n't recall a patch being released for a version of Money before , and it 's not likely that they will release one for this version . I hope they prove me wrong -LRB- at which time , I 'll add a few more stars to my review : -RRB-
 I liked Money Premium for personal finances , and thought I 'd give this a try . I quickly ran into so many problems that it 's really driving me crazy ... software should n't do this to us.Problem 1
 We bought the product for a laptop that goes on exteded trips out of reach of the internet . After discovering that the upgrade had no internal help files , we downgraded to version 2004 . Since the databases are not downward conpatable , all of our computers that use Microsoft Money now must use the 2004 version . For us , this purchase was a big mistake .
 I had the regular Money product and bought the small business addition to manage receivables , invoices , etc.Regarding Invoices : You can create a very basic , awful , template using the new template editor . It 's not something you would want to use unless you are a child selling lemonade . Hey Microsoft , why not use Microsoft Word for invoicing templates -LRB- duh ? -RRB- . It 's only your own product ! Oh , and if that 's not bad enough , when you want to send an invoice by email , it does n't use the invoice template you 've created . Instead it generates an uncustomizable email in plain text which looks like something from the early days of punch card computers . Also , remember those customer accounts you created in Money ? Well the invoice does n't pull in the customer information ! That 's right , you have to use a different form to enter the customer billing information -LRB- again -RRB- for invoices . Terrible product . Yes , it manages accounts -- but no better or worse than other versions of Money . If you 're using this to manage bank accounts , fine . Otherwise , unless stay away ! Shameful .
 I was using Money 2004 , My books were up to date when I made one of the worst moves I ever made with software . I bought Money 2005 for Small Business . I have yet to get my books straighten out . I have spent days on the phone with tech support . They sent me the 2006 version . I ca n't begin to describe what an awful program this is . I do n't know if I can ever recover from the mess that has been made . It 's six months now and I am still working on it . Buy Quickbooks and forget this .
 It is more difficult to use than Quickbook in a practical sense . When I tried to enter a simple expense item , It took a while to look for the right pull down to get in . When I downloaded my Sear credit card history , Money2006 put expense items into credit column . It messed up my balance sheet . I always could n't get right answer from Microsoft support for Money2006 , although their tech support people are polite .
 Microsoft has a little scam going here . Keep repackaging the same application year after year . Spend about two weeks worth of work for the graphic design - and sell it under a different name as an upgrade.I have been working with Money 2003 and upgraded hopping that some annoying bugs in the old system have been fixed . I was sorely diappointed . ALL the old bugs are still here ! NOTHING was fixed ! Money 2006 is the same product as Money 2003 , 2004 , 2005 - you get the picture . Oh , yeah ! there are more links to advertizing and additional Microsoft `` offers . `` That 's too bad because for my small business of 2 , MS Money SB has all the features and convenices without being overly complicated . I use the product to manage both my personal finance -LRB- in one file -RRB- and my business -LRB- in another file -RRB- . I can print professional looking invoices and track their payments . However , a bug in the system prevents payments from being applied by using a downloaded bank transaction . So , if you use your online bank account to download transactions , you have to use a work-around to accept invoices.The reports have not changed either and that 's a problem , because Money SB does not do Cash-base or Accrual-based reporting . -LRB- I could care less , but my accountant takes issue with that . -RRB- All in all - if you already own MS Money SB - do n't bother . If you do n't - QuickBooks will probably make happier . .
 The only `` similarity the inventory management , is the capability to enter pluses and minuses to a list of SQUs .
 Spent 2 1/2 hours online with tech support trying to figure out why it wo n't show my downloaded transactions on one of my CC accounts - I had been using quicken for the past 10 + years and figured I would try Money - looks like I will be going back .
 I spoke to Microsoft tech people before purchasing this item and was advised that it would do all that I wanted it to do for my company . When I received it , the program did NONE of the functions that I was quie specific about . I was very very disappointed . Additionally , the program is complex , `` too busy '' and the only user guide needs to be downloaded . Totally worthless program ... I rate it a -5 . I did however voice my dissatisfaction to Amazon and they have stood by their customer for which I am very appreciative of .
 Brought this program because the reviews said it was a great product ; so you think . BEWARE !!!! This software worked well , and too well , a matter a fact . It cleans the folders it 's suppose to , and did a great job as far as freeing up hard drive space . That bleaching feature even works great too . It really does get rid of files permanently . The only thing it did that I did like was deleting an important registry file that store all your restore data , thus which , you ca n't do a system restore if this file is deleted . If you configure the software porperly , you 'll never have this porblem , but , as for me , I was lucky to have McAfee Office , which has Uninstaller ; enabling me to restore the deleted registry file after a wash.To sum it all up , I 'm sticking with Uninstaller . It may not work as well as Window Washer , but it does n't delete an important system and registry file needed to keep you computer running smooth . Though Uninstaller lets me clean my ststem manually and requires about an hour to do , it time well spent knowing I wo n't lose any important files .
 When I ordered this product before Thanksgiving , your description indicated Apple compatibility . I am glad to see that you 've changed your blurb because it was incorrect . It does NOT work for Apple products . -LRB- I called Webroot to verify . -RRB- We Mac users need Macwasher .
 Not only does this product insist on printing a cheesy label on the back of every card to assure people that , yes indeed , it 's a homemade computer card , but it hijacks your computer and printer when it 's time to print . It forces -- and I mean forces -- you to endure a paper-wasting printer process to determine the best way to print your card . It 's only mildly annoying the first time . It 's infuriating subsequent times , when there is no way to tell it that you have already printed with this program on this printer and you do n't want to kill more trees . Hallmark can and should do better .
 The product I got was in a different wrapping then the picture and although it says it has an Event Planner it is n't there . The user guide says there is a button for it , yet it does n't exist . I 've tried re-installing it figuring I might have missed something on the install , but it is still missing the Event Planner . The sole reason I purchased this product was to replace my Create-A-Card that had the Event Planner because I was told this works on Windows 7 and my really old software does n't ... . I 've contacted Hallmark about this and am waiting to hear back . . as of right now , I 'd say the version 1stVideo is selling now does n't seem to have Event Planner !!! I 'm more than disappointed !!
 We lost the `` Hallmark Card Studio Special Edition '' in our computer and we ca n't get it back . We tried `` Restore '' , installing it , uninstalling and reinstalling it and anything else that came to mind and it wo n't install . My program list says it 's there but it wo n't come up . You better check on this product before you continue to advertise it . When clicking on the Icon we get the following message
 This failed to run on all four of the PCs in our household . It 's explicitly incompatible with Windows 7 , and although it is supposed to run on XP Pro , it failed to do so on three different PCs . Not recommended .
 I have two computers , and this program runs on neither one ! You must have an internet connection or the program can not run - despite what it says on the package about `` internet functionality '' . The program fails with a critical error on my laptop , which is connected to the internet.I deeply regret spending money on Money 2006 . Thirty bucks that I will never see again : . -LRB-
 i can not get any information from my bank through microsoft money standard here in Alaska , they do not interact .
 I was glad to see that I was n't the only one frustrated with using Micro Money 2006 . I thought I was doing something wrong . It duplicated my bank acct etc. . I uninstalled it & purchased Quicken on line only trying for 2 days to figure this one out . Unless you are an computer expert , I recommend you try something else . One is just paying for the name . Good luck .
 I have had an extremely frustrating morning trying to work out how to use this software , which is the worst I have ever tried . I bought it , trying to avoid all the annoying popups that come with Quicken , but would rather suffer those than struggle with this immensely difficult to use program
 I have used Intuit 's Quicken since 1998 , upgrading about every 2 years . I have Quicken 2005 Deluxe on my computer and found that it to be very poor at managing my investment accounts . It has gotten so bad , that I have gone to tracking my investments exclusively in an Excel spreadsheet and only my bank and credit card accounts on Quicken , so I wanted to try MS Money to see if it was any better.I have also been using Turbo Tax since 2000 , but it always makes mistakes with my state return -LRB- I am from NY and in the military -RRB- . This year , I am trying H&R ; Block 's TaxCut software . The version I purchased at the military exchange here -LRB- Amazon does not ship software to FPO addresses -RRB- included a 100 % rebate on Money 2006 standard , so I bought them both -LRB- since Money was free -RRB- . It took me 2.5 hours to convert my Quicken . qdf file to Microsoft money . The instructions in Money did not include telling you that you have to remove the password protection -LRB- if you have it enabled -RRB- on your Quicken file . Then , once I was able to convert the file , I tried to download from my bank to Money . This worked quickly , but it created 43 new entries -LRB- there should have been only 3 or 4 -RRB- . Once I reconciled these , I used the balance feature in Money and it showed over a $ 9,000 discrepancy between my online balance and my balance in Money . That is what killed the next 2 hours , going through 7 years of records to find the missing entries.What I found is that Money randomly failed to carry over some entries - I could not figure out a reason why . Once I had entered the 14 missing entries , I visually checked the balances in Money and Quicken -LRB- which had the correct balance -RRB- and I saw that they matched . My wife checked them as well , and agreed they were correct . I tried to balance function again because it is the only way to reconcile an entry -LRB- whereas in Quicken , you can manually mark an entry as cleared or reconciled -RRB- . This time , Money indicated a balance error of 98.26 , which was a mistake . I clicked to make an extra entry to balance the account , which the program did twice for some reason . Then when I returned to the registry , there were no entries at all . Here again , I am not sure why this happened.I have only worked on reconciling one account , but I have 19 other accounts I track in Quicken that I imported into Money , plus 12 investment accounts I would like to track in Money . I am not looking forward to spending hours fixing all of these accounts to repair glitches in MS Money . I have only had MS Money for a few days , but already I feel that it is an inferior product to Quicken and not worth buying , even if you can get it for free . This is especially a shame because Quicken 's quality has really dropped off in the last two versions and there are no other comprehensive personal financial programs that I am aware of . Instead of wasting my time fiddling with Money or Quicken -LRB- which I have had since January 2005 -RRB- , I think I will spend my time transferring all of my accounts over to Excel or a hard copy ledger and get rid of the hassle all together.Other issues I have seen in MS Money 2006 Standard :1 . Creating the MS Passport account is a hassle2 . The registry for a single account does not let you insert an entry by using a right click drop-down menu . Instead , you have to go to the bottom of the registry , which is a long way away when you are trying to insert a missing transaction that is 5 years old , and click on new .3 . Home shows your `` favorite accounts '' rather than you full portfolio and you current asset and liability balances , and upcoming scheduled transactions , which is the type of information I really need right when I log in .4 . The registry entries do not look like a typical check book , so there is a new format to get used to . Quicken at least uses this standard format for all of its cash , bank , and credit card accounts .5 . The Investing tab in the main display has the same problem as Home - it does not show you your accounts or performance when you click on it . Instead , you have a Web-page looking screen that has index performance and business news , but not my portfolio - and that is what I want to see .
 We purchased this version when we upgraded to Windows XP . The old version of MS money we have been using for years did not work on windows XP . This version is terrible compared to the old version and we are going to move to Quicken . We ca n't figure out where it 's getting the numbers for the budget portion of the program . It appears to be randomly multiplying deposits by two or just ignoring them . The budget numbers were just nonsense . We could not make corrections to investment stock symbols etc. . The bottom line is this software has gone downhill and we no longer even trust it to add 2 and 2 . It does n't even deserve one star .
 I 'm a former Quicken user . I came to hate them with a passion for not supporting their own software just three years old -- intuit customer support was a bad joke -- and even after having used Quicken since about 1988 , I never got used to their clumsy screens.So when my last copy of Quicken became obsolete and they wanted more money for an upgrade , I decided to try Money.I should have known better . This , after all , is a Microsoft product . It 's loaded with hooks to get you to buy more stuff from Microsoft , it insists that you use their web browser , and quite frankly , when I read the fine print in the `` Accept-our-license-or-leave '' window that pops up as you load it for the first time , I really do n't want to have any of my financial information residing on a Microsoft data bank somewhere . Why do they need to store my information on their computers ? With every hacker in the world trying to notch their gun by breaking into Microsoft , why would anybody want to risk their account information with Bill Gates ? Then there is the issue of the fine print in the privacy agreement . If you can wade through this boilerplate you 'll see that it works 100 percent in their favor . They reserve the right to sell your contact information to third party marketers . Screw that!There 's got to be a better product out there somewhere -- one that does n't get involved in your personal financial business as much as Microsoft wants to do.Bottom line , by installing this software on your computer , you are exposing yourself and your most personal financial information to persons unknown . Maybe some people are comfortable with that , I 'm not .
 This review refers not to the operation of MS Money 2006 Standard , but warns against attempting to download Money directly from MicroSoft .1 st , Microsoft charges $ 30.00 for Money 2006 standard .2 nd , after purchase from MS , I was given a link that installed a TRIAL version of 2006 DELUXE . Much web searching , email , and phone conversations later , and a MS rep said , `` Yeah , that site keeps putting up the wrong link , and they ca n't seem to get it fixed `` 3rd , I was finally put in touch with an CSR rep who gave me a link that was supposed to allow me to download the program I bought -- but it was a broken link.The CSR then told me to again go their website , re-purchase their program -LRB- hoping for different results , presumably -RRB- , then contact them and ask for a refund on the second purchase.Moral of the Story
 Was great until Microsoft stopped supporting it . I originally had a older version and recomended and purchased this version for a friend . A few years later Microsoft stopped support for it .
 I have been working happily with MS Money on my Windows XP computer . I just bought a second Windows Vista computer and downloaded a new version of Money Essentials on it , so I can work with my Money files on the new computer . The new version of Money can not read the . mny files on the older version ! So there is no way I can work with my own Money data on my computer -LRB- if I had bee a Quicken user , I could transfer the data -RRB- . Money has become a useless product for me - I give it an F.
 the old joke about `` Microsoft Works '' being an oxymoron is true about this useless software . I bought it after having to return the latest edition of Quicken which I bought because Quicken told me the old version would no longer work -- the new quicken can not download from my bank -- it simply is n't among their listed banks -- so I sent it back ; the old version stopped downloading from my bank after a while . I bought Microsoft Money Deluxe 2006 and though it does list my bank and will download the information -- well most of it -- it can not balance my account . My bank has no problems balancing my account but this worthless software simply can not do it . I have tried deleting everything and re-installing and after a short while it will fail to download some items and simply can not balance the account . There is no way to correct for this flaw either . To add insult to injury it tries to balance to a STATEMENT -- the whole point of on-line banking is speed and the fact a paper statement is no longer needed . I might as well go back to ledger sheets and post from a print-out of the online information from my bank . At least my bank has no problem balancing my account .
 Not only does it not support downloads from my bank -LRB- Bank of America !!!!!!!! -RRB- you get ADVERTISING banners in your application . I ca n't believe it . I pay money and they still advertise 3rd party products and services to me . I 'm sending it BACK !
 I upgraded from Microsoft Money 2001 and could n't be more frustrated with the 2006 version . I 've had it for almost 2 months now and first of all , nothing about it is intuitive -LRB- I thought 2001 was pretty good -RRB- -- I still have to click around randomly on the various tabs and screens to find how to do just about anything except the most basic functions . I used to spend about 15 minutes 3x a week for all my financials ; now I 'm spending a couple of hours 4 or 5 days a week , mostly waiting for screens , fixing errors , or trying to figure out how to get something the way I want it.One of my most disappointing discoveries is that there is no longer a home inventory in 2006 . I spent days creating my home inventory in MM 2001 , complete with serial #s and descriptions , and I believe I attached pictures too . Now I 'm not sure if or how I can retrieve all that valuable information.Microsoft Money 2006 is also unreliable and inconsistent . I had set up auto payments to be transferred weekly -- the transfers did go thru , but for 3 weeks in a row , it did n't recognize them when they downloaded automatically , then suddenly began recognizing them again as auto payments.I also do n't like -LRB- okay , really hate -RRB- how MM `` recognizes '' your transactions and assumes categories , etc. . It 's usually wrong , and , last night as I edited these transactions -LRB- a real pain -RRB- , the edits did n't stick . After I entered my edits , they transactions went back to the way they were originally downloaded and I had to re-edit . I also wish MM would n't match up downloaded transactions with ones that almost match but obviously do n't , like $ 33.52 from Shell Oil and $ 34.45 from Walgreens . This is a real pain to resolve and was also my only complaint about 2001 . I thought they would 've fixed this for 2006 . If I stay with MM 2006 , I 'll probably do away with the automatic downloads , and possibly the auto/electronic bill pay -- I can do that thru my bank 's website easily enough and just enter manually into MM . I looked into Quicken because I used that years ago and liked it , but I 'm not sure I would n't have the same issues there . I am seriously considering going back to the old ledger book after the frustrations I 've had over the past couple of months ! Unless you 're not really serious about keeping your numbers straight and just want a program to play house with , DO N'T BOTHER !!!
 If you try to convert a quicken file with password protection it will just tell you it was unable to convert the file . No other messages . Take off the password protection -LRB- even though it says it will still convert it -RRB- . Once I had converted the file I noticed several accounts in the summary did not match balances . I have financial information for 10 + years , there is no way I am going to line by line double check entries.I would n't bother buying this if you expect to convert from Quicken to Money .
 As usual Microsoft releases buggy software and expects you to fix it with a update . Problem is the update is buggy as well . After hours of research on GOOGLE . I found my answer . If you are trying to apply the update and you get a error . Boot into safe mode in xp and install the update in safe mode.Could you make it any harder Bill ??
 Microsoft pulled a fast one on us . Instead of increaing functionality with the Money 2006 Standard , they actually removed the tax estimating and planning functionality . If this is critical , do not `` upgrade '' or go with the Deluxe version .
 I just bought and loaded 2006 Standard . It is identical to 2005 , matter of fact I thought the install failed and was still on ' 05 . Save your money if you already have 2005 .
 My son found this fun and could n't wait to complete all the tasks . He played for two hours on two days and finished it and that 's it . No other levels or games or new challenges . The only other things you can do are paint pictures and put stamps on calendars . He found buying things with the correct change & measuring things to be the most fun . He said the math was hard -LRB- 14 +5 +2 = _ -RRB- so instead of trying to add these he simply counted all the objects they put on the screen by the question . Overall I was disappointed with this program-didn ' t really seem to be teaching him a lot . Not worth the 9 bucks I paid for it .
 This software was published in 1998 , written for Windows 3.1 . The setup has been slightly modified to install on Windows 95 . It forces installation of an old version of QuickTime for Windows 3.1 , and will only run at a screen resolution of 640 x 480 pixels . My 15 '' laptop LCD screen is 1024 x 768 pixels , so this runs on a 9 '' diagonal section of the screen . Since it was not written for XP , plan on letting your kindergartener run with admin privileges , as it 's the only way this software will run , if you can ever get it to install . It was nice that the publisher took the time to update the box with claims that it 's XP-compatible . It would have been nicer if they had actually spent a few hours updating the software so that it actually was XP-compatible .
 LOOK CAREFULLY !! This is a 4 CD set not a 5 CD set as advertised . Look at a close-up of the picture of the box . It says 4 CD set . -LRB- I discovered this after I ordered it -RRB- . It does not contain anything at all about Feng Shui . There are a ton of house plans -LRB- of varying quality -RRB- to look at but nowhere does it contain the functionality to design your own home or workspace . The advertised `` FloorPlan Plus 3D '' was not to be found . The HomeDepot Home Improvement 1-2-3 was very difficult to navigate and shallow in the information offered.I called the phone number listed in the literature to discover they were a `` contributor '' and I would need to call the distributor of the software . They did NOT have a toll-free number . I called on my dime and was told by a recording to send an email . They no longer accept tech support calls . I sent an email question on 9/3 . They responded on 9/11 saying they would try to help me find the functionality that was missing . It is November and I have yet to hear from them again . This purchase was a HUGE disappointment . I returned it and got my money back .
 I was excited to purchase this game for my son . It looks to be a good product . It said it was OS X compatible , however , once I received the CD , it said `` OS X -LRB- classic -RRB- '' which I now take to mean OS 9 . So , unfortunately it does n't run on the current OS X operating system . I am frustrated that this requirement was n't specified on the website so I would have known it could n't run on my current computer . Beings how it was only $ 7 , it is n't worthwhile to return the product , but it is frustrating that it was still $ 7 wasted .
 This program provides a very general overview of some very basic concepts of Feng Shui , but most would be better served by buying a book , any book on Feng Shui . It does not have any tools or ability to personalize based on your space . It may be useful to someone who has never heard of Feng Shui and does n't read because there is an audio which reads aloud all of the very basic concepts it describes . There are many magazine aritcles and internet sites that offer more information than this program.An excellent book for beginners interested in Feng Shui is `` The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Feng Shui '' by Elizabeth Moran and Val Biktashev . For less than half the cost of this program , you will get much more useful and relevant information -- information that would have been useful to those who created this program .
 I had been doing some basic study of feng shui and found this CD . Much to my disappointment , it did not provide any interactive sections . All the cd provides is a person reading to you the wording that is displayed on your computer . It only tells very basic information -LRB- word for word -RRB- that can be found on the website that the cd refers to . I considered the purchase a complete waste of money .
 I have a PC , so do n't have the excuse that the platform is incompatible . However , the installation is flawed , and there are no written directions or other information . Thus , the multimedia aspects do n't work . What little I can see of the program is not very useful . Wish I had n't wasted a gift certificate on this .
 Would purchase item if Mac compatable
 although i am intereseted in purchsing this . this is not a mac freindly disk . so it is useless to me . too bad
 I would be interested in this item , however I can not purchase it because I do not have a PC . I own a MAC . I wish more software was MAC compatible .
 This was thoroughly disappointing . I used Sierra 's Home Architecht and wanted something a little more detailied . Should 've stuck with Sierra products . This was hard to work with , the choices were extremely limited , and the graphics were cartoonish . Luckily they give you a 90 day money back guarantee . I 'm sending it back today . Do not buy this product , it is nothing it claims to be .
 This item is really a waste of money . For 20 or 30 dollars you get a vocabulary of at most 100 words . Want to learn some more ? Then you must shell out another 20 or 30 for the `` intermediate '' one , and so on . As Amazon discreetly omits any description of the product on its web site , I got the impression it was a language course , because it said `` beginning level '' . But it turns out that it 's more like a phrasebook . There 's no grammar , no explanations , just a bunch of phrases and words to learn . This is by no stretch of the imagination `` learning '' a language . The most insidious thing about it is that they could have crammed all the 3 levels onto one CD , but that would have damaged their profits . Is this one of the blessings of the free-enterprise system we hear so much about ? There are 2 books for actually learning Khmer that have a CD or cassette . I 'm going to get one of those.AN
 This CD Rom is very boring ! There are only 3 things to do . You can play a trivia game -LRB- it 's very short -RRB- , look for Pokemon -LRB- It 's too easy ! It took me about three minutes . -RRB- , and clicking on things . I even tried getting another Pokemon CD Rom but it was n't any better . The only things different are that now you look you two Pokemon and you have a few more questions on your trivia game . Even with all the Pokemon CD Roms , I do n't think it would be any more fun than with just one . Save your money and buy a better CD Rom . PS Sorry Pokemon fans but this game is a let down . Try looking under Pokemon figures , and Pokemon video games . They are much more fun to play with !
 I just bought this for my 4 and 6 year olds . They love Pokemon and I thought it would be great for them to explore and print out the characters . Even though the age is geared towards 1st-5th grade I thought there 'd be enough to print and watch . Not so . Beware if your buying for young children you 'll be disappointed . It also does n't have a lot on it . It 's quite limited .
 My son , far too young at 4 loves pokemon . This has disappointed all of us because It is far too difficult to even facillitate guesses . The levels are very difficult and lack fun . Its too bad it isnt more animated . Normally , children of all ages can at least guess at these answers . But there is no room for mistakes . Im sorry that I bought two of these .
 My son received a pokerom as a gift for his 6th birthday . Every time he tries to enter the Pokemon Sanctury , we get a message on our computer that there is an error on the disc and the program shuts down . The message also states that if the problems persists that the vendor of the program should be contacted . There is a phone number on the package , however , it is not a toll free number . I do not believe that I should have to pay long distance charges to discuss problems on such a small program.I have been trying to locate customer service on-line but I have been unsuccessful.This has been very disappointing for my child who is a very avid Pokemon fan .
 My 8 yr . old son received Pikachu PokeROM for a gift , and we were unable to install it . When it prompted us for the location of the Pokemon Sanctuary files , it complained that there was n't enough disk space -LRB- our system has 20 GB free -RRB- . He is very disappointed and it is too bad that Mattel did such a terrible job testing this product .
 This product is nothing more than a bunch of HTML scripts . You can find better scripts if you Google `` FREE HTML scripts '' Then download NVU the HTML editor for free !
 The encyclopedia membership for Encarta ends on Oct. 2006 , so do n't bother buying this if you plan to use it for a later school year . Also , keep in mind that this is a subscription software that will need to be renewed each year . On Microsoft 's web site , the monthly membership price is $ 4.95 per month , the cost of the software includes the membership . But it is not based on when you buy the software . It is based on the academic school year .
 In normal print `` Include tools designed for Mircosoft Word , Excel , and Powerpoint `` In much smaller print -LRB- Requires Office XP or Office 2003 , available separately -RRB- Why should anyone give Mircosoft money when there are tools available separately that will enable piracy of their overpriced software .
 Better off buying Encarta , disappointing Xmas present for my kids . Was expecting integrated student assistance with academic knowledge areas as well as administrative support tools such as scheduler , grade tracker , PIM , etc. . Also disappointed by MS Office XP or 2003 requirement.For this current version , I would recommend that you hold off buying this product until Microsoft improves it .
 At this price , and with most of the goodies in Encarta 2005 -LRB- which is now being `` remaindered '' everywhere -RRB- , go for the old Encarta 2005 and save , save , save ...
 I have a very nice laptop -LRB- 2.1 GHz , 1GB RAM -RRB- , and even with that speed this product was so slow I could n't stand it . It took forever for anything to open . Switching from one part of the program to another , which is touted as a big positive , took so long I thought my system had seized up . If you are thinking about buying this program , do n't !
 I simply can not believe how misleading the package is ! I just wasted 70 bucks on this schlock ... I quote the package `` applications included
 i ordered this product thinking it had microsoft word , excell , power point , exc . . come to find out it just has tools to help with those products . the sight is very misleading
 I do n't know if Amazon got a shipment of these , but I ordered two -LRB- returned the first one then got a replacement -RRB- and the second one was blank too.I wonder if anyone else had this problem .
 I bought this product thinking `` Wow , I might be getting a good deal here '' , because compared to rosetta stone 1,2 , and 3 , this is not as expensive . I also was under the impression that I was getting a good deal because of the reputation of Pimsleur Audio courses . Well let me tell you this , buy a used set or borrow from a friend because this audio course is overrated and overpriced . The `` method '' is terrible because of the lack of vocabulary . I was under the impression that I would have `` fluency with 500 words or more '' because that is what pimsleur claims on pimsleuraudio.com . That is far from the truth , you will gain fluency with a few dozen vocabulary words and to increase your vocabulary you would need other material.The PROS : - you get familiar with the subject-verb agreement-minimal grammar knowledge-a few dozen key vocabulary words-ability to understand some conversations and musicThe CONS : - is not worth the money and can not be compared with Rosetta Stone or Berlitz -LRB- alteast not for this language -RRB- - mainly just an audio version of a phrase book ; you 're given key phrases but for the cost you need to have more in depth conversational lessons-besides the price and content , the product is not very effective . Instead of just having you mimic the words , you should have an explanation of why each word is put in the order it is .
 This is my third Pimisleur language . Great program . But cd case now hasa problem . The cd case for the 30 lesson editions were designed for theuser guide booklet and reading booklet to hold the cds in place . -LRB- Myearlier purchased language sets with this arrangement work great and donot have a problem . -RRB- The publisher has changed the guide booklet to afold out . With this simple change they created a major problem forprotecting the cds . Now the first half of the cds will not stay in place . Thesecond half of the cds was designed to use clear plastic stays . Theywork great . The first half of the cds will NOT stay in place and do fallout . The act of carrying the case across the room will have the cdssliding inside the case . Great care must be used opening the case or thecds roll across the floor . Pimsleur will replace a damaged cd . Theplastic stay will not work on the front half of the set , only the back half.They have no solution for the disks falling out . They suggested I buy acd case and move my cds into that case . My suggestion to them is theyfix the problem . I paid for a set that now has improper working storingcase .5 star spoken language program . 1 star for case problem.Any suggestion on how to hold the cds in the publisher 's case iswelcome .
 Of all the Tonka titles , this one is the least rewarding for me -LRB- as a parent -RRB- , and least played -LRB- by my 6 year-old -RRB- . When I purchased this product , I thought I was getting another fine Tonka software product . I was n't . The controls are keyboard-oriented , which makes it more difficult for a child to master . He is used to mouse-oriented controls -LRB- contained in the older Tonka titles -RRB- . My six year old has a hard time remembering which key does what function . Even after playing if a few times , he does n't enjoy it much.Also , the game simply is n't as fun . The latter titles offered more interaction ... more diverse play scenarios . This title lacks the `` oomph ! '' that carried the other games.If you 're a first-time Tonka buyer , I 'd reccommend either the Tonka Construction set or the Search and Rescue program . Oh , and be sure to check the system requirements before you buy !
 My sons , ages 4 and 7 , have the other Tonka software
 We purchased this computer program thinking it would be fun and enjoyable like all the other Tonka Joe adventures . All we found was pure disappointment . My son is very proficient on the computer and easily does Tonka Construction 1 and 2 , Tonka Garage , and Tonka Search and Rescue but this program is not only difficult for him but it is even difficult for me and his 12 year old brother . My son still loves Tonka Joe but I am very surprised in the difference in products and was considering Tonka Raceway but now I may even reconsider that purchase .
 My son has a few of the Tonka computor games and this is our least favorite . He had a hard time using the keyboard to move around and seem to be able to go to only one screen . We were so excited when we purchased this game because of the other Tonka games that he liked so much . This one went back to the store .
 I bought this game last night for my two-year-old , and installed it right away . Installation seemed to go smoothly , until it reached the point where it had to restart the system.I wish I had n't clicked on `` OK '' so quickly . It would have been nice to say goodbye to a lifetime 's worth of data and work.Yup , `` Thomas the Tank Engine
 We purchased this software for our grandson who visits us regularly . We did n't notice how defective it was right away , until it was too late to return it.The game blacks out and locks up . It freezes our computer -LRB- Windows ME -RRB- in its tracks.We are out the money we paid for it , because we ca n't use it or return it . Our grandson is very disappointed because his Thomas game wo n't work . It 's unfortunate that little kids have to pay the price for defective licensed merchandise ...
 Trouble on the tracks , causes major trouble on your computer . I purchased Thomas Great Railray Adventures and had no problem with installation or use . I then purchased Trouble on the Tracks and what a disaster ! I lost days of income because I could not use my computer . I finally called a tech . specialists and I needed to reload my windows 98 ver . 2 operating system . Once reloaded I have not had any other problems with the computer . Return Trouble on the Tracks , unless you want trouble on your Computer !! Hopes this helps !!!
 I bought this software for my 4 year old grandson . I 'm sorry I did . He 's a fairly smart little guy but he -LRB- and I -RRB- could n't figure out how to navigate through this one . He got very bored with it very quickly . I 'm sorry I purchased it . I guess if you like sitting in front of a computer and having a story read to you , then you 'll like this . He kept asking me `` when am I going to get to play ? '' . I do n't recommend buying this software .
 I am so disappointed with the Thomas the Tank Engine CD ROMS . I will never buy another one . SO SAD . My son loves Thomas so I bought the CD ROM game hoping it would different then the one I bought last Christmas that DID N'T WORK . And yet again , my system is still not adequate enough for this game . I can run every other CD ROM I have purchased from other companies EXCEPT these . I can not believe companies can get away with this . These Thomas CD 's freeze up my system , prompt consistently with error messages , prompt that I need a new sound card and video card . WHAT A SHAME !!!!! ...
 My 3 1/2 year old son loved this CD for exactly 2 days , then became bored with it and has n't picked it up since . The games on it are one-dimensional and not geared for long-term play .
 My 4 year-old played with it for about 2 weeks and then she has never asked me to play it again . It 's just not that interesting and challenging . You have to go at the software 's pace of things , which is annoying since you may already be familiar with the instructions . So because the longevity factor does n't last too long and the challenge factor is not there , I can not recommend this game .
 Even though the animation and graphics are appealing , the depth of this game barely exceeds that of a birdbath . The tasks are few and simple , and the levels are barely discernable as different . The only reason my kids play this one is because of the catchy songs and images they warmly associate with the well done videos . Of little or no educational value . Hope they try again , perhaps with an education or child development consultant .
 We have all the minimum requirements for this game , and it runs so bad . After about 3 minutes of play , it starts skipping and running so bad that we can not play it . Returned it for a different one and it still does the same thing ... even tried it a a brand new computer and it still ran bad ! My 3 year old gets very frustrated !
 What a disappointment ! I read the reviews posted here , but hoped that my network of systems could accomodate any advanced system requirements necessary for this software . Not so!I first installed on a 500 mz machine , 256 meg ram , 16 meg video card , etc. , etc. . It prompted me to install DirectX 7.0 , which surprised me because I thought I had it , but I went ahead and installed anyway.The software continually stutters and skips and then stalls . It seems to be when my son is moving the mouse around the screen while the program is `` thinking '' . I then installed on my 650 mhz machine , 256 meg , 64 meg Radeon graphics card ... but I have Windows 2000 on this machine and apparently DirectX 7.0 does n't run on W2000 . I went ahead and installed anyway and the program runs OK , although the graphics are n't nearly as good.In addition , although the games are new and interesting , they are n't nearly as intuitive as the Great Festival Adventure . Sometimes they do n't even make sense.I 'm not sure which one came out first , but this game was quite a disappointment after spending several months with the Great Festival Adventure !
 We purchased this software yesterday . We have well above the minimum system requirements of Pentium 166MHz and 32 MB RAM and the graphics , movement and sound are extremely choppy . This one definitely needs some refinement . We are returning ours .
 We are running Windows 98 and have a lot of problems with this game . The installation of `` Trouble on the Tracks '' has severely damaged the operating system on two of our computers , and we have had to spend many frustrating hours on the phone with Microsoft technical support people trying to undo the damage . The Hasbro Interactive phone number listed on the software documentation does not work and their website is `` undergoing routine maintenance . ''
 This game was definatley `` Trouble '' for us . We purchased one and returned it due to the choppiness of the graphics and game instructions thinking we got a `` bad '' one . When we used the new one the same thing happened ! We know it is not our computer . Please refine this game as our son loves Thomas !
 This is a very frustrating game . It 's very choppy and locks up after a few minutes . We returned the first one , and the second game did the same thing . Try explaining this to a four year old child , twice !
 we bought this 6 months ago and it still does n't work . there is an 800 number on the package that is out of date . when you finally get to the correct support you do n't actually get a person . you are only prompted to do things , to most non computer geeks like myself this program is useless . do n't bother buying it . your kids will say `` how come you ca n't get it going '' . You 'll put it away and try again later . Again with no success . Skip this one .
 Crap , Crap , Crap ! I hated this game . The Mystery Rider was obviously -------- . I did not like this game and would not recommend it . It has characters including Spongebob Squarepants , the Angry Beavers , Ickis and Stimpy , Tommy , and many more . This game is definitely a piece of CRAP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Well , I 'll start this review off with an obvious fact , if you do not enjoy the boardgame , you will not enjoy this pc game.That being said , Battleship fans will be dissapointed in the game play and `` feel '' of this pc game.A quick work to the wise , do not under and circumstances choose high animation/resolution or medium animation/resolution in the settings . I am running a Pentium III 600 with 256 mb ram and this ran REALLY slow and choppy in any mode other than low resolution.A problem with this game is that it is too dependent on Direct X programing . For those of you familiar with Direct X , playing a game fully coded in Direct X is not the best way to go . For those who are not familiar with Direct X game play it can best be described as being as slow and tedious as playing an Internet based game.I expected there to be a lot of snazzy features as the boardgame itself could not be too difficult to produce , but alas , not even a `` You sunk my battleship '' . wav sound was made . Just some annoying background music and some bomb and splash sound effects.Something which is not really described is the game within the game , where you control a battleship and navigate through rivers , shooting things up . Some people may enjoy this , but as for myself , I expected a really supped up and fun version of this boardgame , something which Hasbro failed to deliver.Is it worth the ... bucks , NO . You are better off downloading battleship type games for free off of -LSB- the web -RSB- .
 Not worth the bother . The response time is either non-existent or worse when trying to use a joystick .
 We bought Pac Man for our Gateway computer and found that it would n't run unless we rendered the graphics through the software mode which ended up making the game useless -- the graphics are so poor in software mode that you ca n't see what you 're doing . We had all the requisite equipment , and the software 's help file even said that it supported our graphics card , but in the end it would n't run from the graphics card and the technical support people at hasbro could n't tell me why . We even tried it on another computer and while we did n't have the same problem , we had another one and were unable to run it there either .
 The lessons in this software are easy to follow and logical , but there are ZERO interactive exercises after each lesson as I had expected . You would think at least their web site would provide free downloads of practice tests or something to reinforce the learning . Instead , you must pay for them . Children learn by doing , and I have found that basic principle to be fundamentally lacking -LRB- or ignored -RRB- in this software .
 Hangs and crashes regularly before you can get anything useful done with it . The manual is missing from the disk and the online manual is garbled beyond comprehension . The online support tells you if it crashes to update drivers and * reload Windows * ! Do n't bother -- after doing all that the behavior is the same . It may be the cheapest on the market , but stay away - it is a complete waste of your money .
 THis is an awful kluge . Compared to comparably priced competitive music compostion software , it is poorly organized , difficult to operate , and produces mediocre results . The voices are thin , cheap tinwhistle sounds . Easily outperformed by C64 software from 20 years ago . BEWARE !
 this product does not let one enter more then 20 measures for any one song
 Crashes frequently . No discernable product support provided on website -LRB- may be discontinued ? -RRB- I was never able to finish a song with this . I have since purchased Finale SongWriter and it is fantastic . Get it instead .
 I have attempted to load this program on my computer but it says that there is a file missing and it will not load . I am using Windows Vista the the Lotus program seems to not be compatible with it .
 I just bought that wonderfull program full of expectations after I saw a video demo on the internet + as a fan of Meshuggah , I really wanted to play with Tomas Haake 's drums so I paid 80 + bucks +20 for european delivery and what do I get ? A sleeping program I just ca n't use.The authorisation pattern is so complex for nothing , I only got one out of the 2 authorization codes needed so I ca n't use it and now what ? Toontrack 's customer support REALLY is total junk as the only help I had was an email sayin `` go on this website , make an account , pay a couple bucks and they 'll help you '' yay great buddies , thanks a lot ! Now I payed it and took some time to install it , I got ta find a way to make it work but guess what , I wo n't pay 80bucks again to have the serials if you see what I mean and ho yeah , I 'll NEVER buy a toontrack product again .
 Until last week , I 'd been using ZASS for almost 2 years on my Gateway 510 -LRB- Pentium 4 , 3 . Ghz , 1.5 GB Ram , XP/SP2 -RRB- , despite the periodic bugs in the updated versions . These were mainly problems with the True Vector system or glitches with the automatic AV downloads and I could usually find a fix for them . Unfortunately , though , their last update was an unmitigated disaster for me.Within a day or so of downloading and performing a clean install of the new version -LRB- which came out around 6/26 -6 / 28 -RRB- , I encountered hard drive problems for the first time . The first indication of trouble began when Windows Security Center kept reporting that my AV was out of date -- which it was -- or that I had no AV program at all . I did n't think much of it -- I just made sure to download the new updates myself . But then the desktop disappeared , followed by Explorer crashing . I also received one of those opaque `` serious error '' messages . Then I ran ZASS 's AV program , which took 5 hours -LRB- ! -RRB- -- as opposed to the usual 50 minutes -- and my computer was clean . After rebooting to run CHKDSK , I was only able to get back into the normal configuration with a boot disk . CHKDSK showed -LRB- also for the first time -RRB- that a number of sectors -LRB- as well as the index -RRB- were corrupted and could not be repaired . Being something of a novice -LRB- and forgetting that I 'd downloaded a new ZASS update -RRB- , I assumed it was my 2 year old hard drive giving up the ghost . It never occurred to me that it might be Zone Alarm causing the problem.I ended up buying a new hard drive . After reinstalling all the OEM software from CD-ROM 's , everything went swimmingly for several hours -- until I downloaded ZASS from the company 's web site . Within an hour or two , Explorer began crashing repeatedly -- after the 3rd time , I found I could n't even get into the system with my boot disk or the Applications CD . After unplugging the cables on my hard drive and plugging them back in , I managed to boot into Safe Mode , and discovered that I had a bad driver and a newly corrupted boot file . Aaargh . # & % @ Googling the error code for the driver brought up links to stories about ZASS 's buggy new version causing problems like mine -- and not for the first time , either.After uninstalling ZASS , I 'm happy to report the problems have disappeared . CHKDSK repaired my boot file and the driver is history . Having gone through this mini-ordeal with ZASS , I 'm not willing to give them any more chances , especially since every other update seems to have some kind of bug -LRB- s -RRB- in it . ZASS is like the little girl with the curl -- when it 's good , it 's very , very good , but when it 's bad -- watch out !
 Right after I ordered this product , I learned that Microsoft will soon release a major upgrade for it . I called Microsoft and they were not able to tell me that I will receive this update when it comes out . It appears that after spending almost $ 500 for this version , I would have to spend an additional $ 500 to receive the next upgrade . I returned the product and decided to wait for the Visual Studio 2005 upgrade .
 This is a complete joke . The only cities that are in the program for U.S. states are major metro areas . If you have a handheld -LRB- either regular or mobile phone -RRB- you more than likely also have WiFi or GPRS internet connection . And if you are in a major metro area , with a WiFi connection , why would you need a program for maps ? Just go to Yahoo Maps or Mapquest . If you do n't have a WiFi , then just buy a paper map ... it will do the same thing -LRB- maybe even more ! -RRB- than this program.The only possible way this program could be useful is if you already have a handheld GPS receiver AND you never find yourself outside major metropolitan cities . I have a GPS receiver for my laptop -LRB- USB -RRB- which I though could connect to my handheld and it wo n't ... so my advice is to buy an entire package -LRB- software and handheld-specific GPS receiver -RRB- . Ca n't believe Microsoft put its name on this junk .
 I purchased this program recently , and was very disappointed . The maps are very limited ... for example , most of the major tourist areas -LRB- beaches , Newport , ect . -RRB- in Rhode Island are cut out of the RI map . I recommend buying MS Streets and Trips 2005 -LRB- which includes Pocket Streets 2005 in the box -RRB- instead : http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B0002DOEAM/qid=1121691049/sr=8-2/ref=pd_bbs_2/103-6971135-7476654?v=glance&s;=pc&n;=507846With this program , you have the entire USA at your disposal , and you can select which maps to send to your pocket pc or smartphone.Fortunatly , the store that sold me Pocket Streets allowed me to exchange it for Streets and Trips -LRB- after paying the difference -RRB- . The prices are very close .
 There is no search or travel direction capability . You have to download every states and need to know what `` county '' the address you are looking for -LRB- like in CA , you have LA , west , east or what ? -RRB- . A rip off by Microsoft for $ 29 dollars .
 Does n't tell you how to get anywhere when used with a GPS ... simply shows you where you are . Nothing more than a glorified paper map . A complete embarassment !
 I had thought that Microsoft might have been the creme of the crop , but it seems that it 's just that
 This product is nothing like the desktop version of the software . So limited in functions , you might as well have a paper map .
 This is simply awful ! I would expect this type of performance from some no-name brand software purchased at a flea market - not from Microsoft ! I think they must of contracted this off to some really low bidder . I had more satisfaction tossing the software into the trash than trying to auction it off on some internet site . I think I 'll go with the TomTom Navigator software instead .
 I originally purchased Streets and Trips 2008 , hoping for pocket pc availability , but there was none . So I purchasedMicrosoft Pocket Streets 2005 , thinking I could use it as a base from which to download newer maps . However , on downloading to my Dell Axim 30 , a message appeared that because the software was created for an older version of Windows Mobile it may not display correctly . Understatement ! I ca n't view any maps , which makes this product of no value for my purposes . I was not aware of a Windows version requirement from the product info provided !
 It could not be installed in windows 7 because the CD is too old . I could not use the CD in any of my computers in my office .
 This game was advertised at Mac compatible , but that was not the case , had to return .
 Sorry guys , but I have been using the demo and it is hard to believe most of the reviews I am reading here . Clearly , they were not written by ESL students and they seem very professional and with a lot of info about the software -LRB- looks like written by the developers -RRB- . I find the inter phase to be crowded and difficult to follow . This software is not intuitive at all and it is hard to follow any logical sequence of learning . Anyway , download the demo and try for yourself .
 I installed the trial version on my Windows Vista 64 and it hangs when starting . I am a software developer myself , and I can tell that the program is very poorly written , lots of bugs .
 Unlike years past , H&R ; Block -LRB- founded by a guy named Bloch -RRB- decided to charge $ 16 for each e-file , Federal or state . Only one version , `` Premium Federal + State + E-file '' includes a `` free '' Federal e-file and state e-file ; but that version costs $ 70 , so there 's no free lunch at all . Seriously , $ 16 is a lot to pay for e-filing . There are websites that give you completely free e-filing ; my favorite is TaxAct -LRB- at taxactonline dot com -RRB- . With TaxAct , you get the complete Federal plus state package for $ 7.95 , which includes e-filing . Or you can use their standard package to prepare Federal and e-file for free , with * NO * income restriction!I do n't work for any of these companies , nor any tax-related company , nor any such entity . I just do n't think it 's right for H&R ; Block to charge customers such a ridiculously high fee for e-filing , whereas people can e-file for free elsewhere . BTW , if you use Taxcut to prepare your return , you 'll have to use H&R ; Block 's e-filing service if you want to e-file ; you ca n't just take your file to another website and expect that website to do it for you . I used TaxAct in the past and they are very dependable . You can find reviews of TaxAct products in major magazines and on major websites.Good luck .
 I always thought the laborious interviews in turbotax were pretty ridiculous , now I 've seen the opposite . Taxcut online seems totally not thorough , such as just asking for total of certain things , and not asking if special circumstances apply , which you do n't miss at all until you have one of them . I had almost completely finished my taxes and got to the business use of home . I moved half way through the year . I could n't find where to add an additional home office listing . `` Nope , ca n't do it '' said support after an hour long chat session of mostly waiting , `` you 'll have to use another product . '' So today I start from scratch and pay the $ 99 ransom that turbotax is charging small business owners . I encourage the competition to get their shizzle together next year.s : o
 I had a nightmare after I installed this taxcut software . It glitched with my operating system , resulting in `` STOP ERROR ''
 I just bought this yesterday , and though the product description here on Amazon says it 's compatible with Windows 98 and Windows ME , the packaging says `` TaxCut USB Drive is compatible with Windows 2000 and Windows XP . '' All our taxes for several years have been done on a Windows ME computer with a USB port . Now what ? HELP !!
 My first complaint started when I realized that I could n't get more than a 1000 hours out of a bulb . At $ 300 a piece this is a pretty big deal . I clean the air filters regularly but it still does n't seem to make them last.These projectors are known for having problems with the bearings on the color wheel as well as a poorly built ` light tube ' . The light tube has a number of issues , the biggest problem seems to be that pieces are glued into place . Using glue on a precision instrument in a high heat environment sounds like a pretty bad idea to me . The glue holding the pieces to the light tube started melting and now a block vertical shadow is starting to take over my screen starting from the far right side and slowly working its way to the left . I checked the forums for this issue and it turns out to be quite common . Infocus will replace the optics with a completely new set of equally poorly built optics for $ 450 . Fan-Freaking-Tastic ! I 've already purchased 3 bulbs for this stupid thing and now the only way to keep using it is to pay $ 450 for another 2.5 years of use.The color wheel that has a bad bearing sounds like a circular saw from time to time . Infocus will happily fix this too for a large chunk of cash.I 'm thinking about starting a pool on what will kill my projector first . The color wheel failing or the shadow making it across so much of the screen that its unusable . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Rated as 3000 hour bulb life when purchased , today they claim 4000 hours.Bulb lasted only 900 hours . Service at `` unfocused '' does not care about creating a satisfied customer base . Would not replace bulb even on a prorated basis .
 This projector provides a good , bright , clear picture . But I 've had two bulbs blow out after only about 300-400 hours each . That 's about $ 1 an hour ! For this reason , I would n't recommend it .
 I 've had the X2 for roughly 14 months . The X2 was used for watching movies -LRB- about once every 2 weeks -RRB- and big sports event -LRB- NCAA/NFL finals . . etc -RRB- . The unit worked up to about 1200 hrs , then the lamp blew . I was hoping to get to at least 1500 hrs before the lamp went out.Good picture quality for the price -LRB- 799 -RRB- but short lamp life -LRB- get extended warranty -RRB- . Check other units first .
 Good product , forget about service . I e-mailed InFocus about my faulty projector 8th January 2005it is now 7th January 2006 and I still do not have my projector . That 's right , it 's been ONE YEAR sincemy projector stopped working , I have given up on it being repaired -LRB- it was under warranty -RRB- and am nowstruggling to get it back so that I can repair it out of my own pocket . Check this company 's record atthe Better Business Bureau , it is deemed to be unsatisfactory due to unanswered complaints .
 I have to rate this product and this company as horrible !! I purchased the X2 in 12/2004 . Everything was fine . In 6/2005 , the lamp blew . Less than 300 hours on it !!! I called the company . They said sometimes it happens . I questioned the projector . They said I just needed a new lamp . $ 300.00 later ... oh , you can only get the lamps from them . You can only get service on the X2 from them.I get the new lamp . It just blew again-about 700 hours-half of what the life should be . Additionally , the fan died-which may be why the lamp blew . Maybe there was a problem with the fan a year ago -LRB- when it was STILL under warranty but they would n't look at it !!! -RRB- No . They say no.The projector was ceiling mounted and never moved since it was first put in place . The projector was blown clean on a regular basis . This projector was not mistreated or misused.Infocus says `` sometimes this happens '' . They , for $ 250 , plus $ 30.00 shipping , will fix the fan . I also need to buy a new lamp-another $ 300 . The company keeps saying - `` It is out of warranty '' , `` sometimes this happens '' , `` 1400 hours is just what some lamps get '' , etc. , etc , . etc. . They will not accept that perhaps this was a defective product.I will get a new projector-I can buy a new one for what they want to charge to maybe fix my current one . My new projector WILL NOT/WILL NEVER be an Infocus product.They have failed to stand behind their product . Their service is overpriced and their technical support and customer service is nothing more than drones citing manuals and warranties.Don ' t buy Infocus !!!!
 Our computer meets all the requirements listed on the box but the game did n't work . It loaded and started , but was so slow it was unusable . At level 3 the computer froze and had to be hard booted.We visited the web site and notified them . They said there was no patch and gave us the run-around . Money down the drain .
 This game is difficult to navigate for me , a 34 year old , not to mention my daughter . The games are locked out until you win the before it . Sometimes you have to win it twice . It was very frustrating for my daughter . `` Bratz '' should be ashamed to have their name on this game .
 When I tried to run this software on my Windows Vista System , it could not read the disc . Therefore , I can not rate the product itself . I will try running this on my older laptop .
 Not at all user friendly . Job categories are VERY limited and do not include several major categories in today 's market!DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY LIKE I DID !!!
 Definitely a waste , no help at all . Crank up your Microsoft word and get a book called `` How to say It ... In your job search '' by Robbie Miller Kaplan . Now that is worth every penny !
 Used version 3 and 4 . Choices of mail boxes , answering calls , paging , and faxing . The first PC answering machine we used wasFaxWorks on a Packard Bell PC . In contrast , every other package we have tried performs a great deal of secondary options , yet they are less than adequate on answering phone calls for small businesses . Furthermore , if you listened to a message on HotFax and wanted to replay , you need to open another menu . Possibly for you if you do n't need the voice service . It is also difficult to set up simultaneously with an All-in-One printer -LRB- HP OfficeJet -RRB- . END
 Tried V4 .0 , did not reliably answer calls and it caused problems with my system seizing up when answering .
 WinFax Pro was just not cutting it so we tried HotFax . It was clunky to use and the graphics hard to see . It was nice it would answer calls like a receptionist but not why we bought it . We ended up buying FaxTalk 's Fax Center Pro . It was exactly the step up we needed from WinFax Pro . I wish HotFax had been it as it was less money .
 Understanding and command of the English language are essential to success in school , business and life . Presentation of knowledge , ideas and opinions depend on your ability to concisely and effectively communicate them to your teachers , fellow-students , colleagues , friends , family and the general public . Mastery of the essential elements of Language in middle school will give you a head start on the road to academic success . With an emphasis on learning by doing . Activities and exercises provide fundamental skill-building that is vital to your mastery of language arts . Much like a personal tutor , the Pro One Middle School Language Arts box set allows you to progress at your own pace while interactive exercises , high-resolution graphics , practice games , and mastery testing encourage in-depth study and learning.Grade 4Reading selections - DinosaursRemembering detailsSeparating fact from fictionSpelling emphasis - consonant clusters , dipthongs , vowel sounds.Grade 5Reading selections - Ancient Greece and RomeComprehending main ideas and logical relationshipsMetaphors and similesDialogueSpelling emphasis - Schwa sounds , unstressed syllables , adding - ing , homophones , homographs , and rhymes.Grade 6Reading Selection - Airplanes and FlightUse of persuasive techniquesMetaphors and similesSpelling emphasis - `` sh '' sounds , suffixes , - ace , - ice , - ence.Grade 7Reading Selection - U.S. PresidentsInferences and drawing conclusionsSpelling emphasis - words of foreign origin , prefix re - , suffix - ly.Grade 8Reading Selection - ComputersDiscerning author 's purpose , making inferences , relating themes to personal experience
 This software was very disappointing . The editing features are extremely limited and what templates ? You could get the same or better results by `` cut & paste '' from job search websites to MS Word . I would not recommend this overpriced program .
 I bought this program to track employee time off . The program is very limited in how you can set up the vacation , sick time and personal time off . You have to use either an anniversary date set up or a year end set up for all the time off . My company uses anniversary date for vacations and year end for sick & personal time off . There is no provision for added vacation for longtime employees either with this program . In the set up all employees receive the same amount of vacation ... there is no way to set it up to accrue more vacation after 3 years of employment . This program was a waste of money for me . I ordered it primarily to help me track employee time off and accrual and it does neither .
 If you buy this product it 's because you did n't research anything else . If you want to edit audio final cut can do a better job than sound edit . If you want MIDI than get Performer or emagic logic for between 3 bill and a 1000 $ . sound edit is antiquated and has very limited function .
 Better than nothing and may be a good product if it was 10 years ago but in this day and age of advanced software it stinks ! Detail is sketchy , print outs come out nothing like what you see on the screen . The printed directions are ok but the maps are close to worthless and you would much rather use your hard copy map even if they are a pain to refold!Hey Rand McNally ! Improve it will ya !
 Better than nothing and may be a good product if it was 10 years ago but in this day and age of advanced software it stinks ! Detail is sketchy , print outs come out nothing like what you see on the screen . The printed directions are ok but the maps are close to worthless and you would much rather use your hard copy map even if they are a pain to refold ! I hope I can find a good map program out there !
 No clear install instructions . Found out on web site windows 98 tutorial had to be entered first , then kept getting i \ o errors . Called tech support who sent me three pages of stuff to do before I could install . Did all that and still got i \ o errors . Called back and they said it was my system that was causing the problems . News to me ! Ive had NO other problems installing cds . I rate tech svcs unexperienced and a joke . Product is worthless without good tech support .
 WHEN the system works it is wonderful . Our family likes this interactive system better than any other . BUT unlike any of our other software EACH one of the Professor Teaches CD 's freezes up sporadically in the process of using it . We have called technical support and followed their re-installation directions on numerous occasions . It is NOT our system , it is the product . Too bad , since it is well done . It is also a shame that the manufacturer does NOT stand behind it and has their technical people blame the consumer 's computer system . WRONG !!
 At the risk of large numbers of Creatures fans mobbing me at my bus , I have to say that I did n't like this game at all . I was a minor Creatures 1 fan , and I rushed out and bought Creatures 2 the first day it was available . Yes , I risked looking like a dork among dorks in the computer store 's kiddie section -LRB- obviously the game was mislabeled -RRB- , but I got it anyway . What a mistake.The first thing I noticed wrong was that it was hard . You might think , `` Well , great ! I ca n't wait to try it ! '' No , it 's not a good kind of hard . It 's really ** really ** hard . If you 're not a biologist , do n't expect to give your Creatures injections that will actually do what you want to do -LRB- well , unless you ** want ** to kill your Creatures ... -RRB- And , unless you 're an animal trainer , do n't expect to be able to get your Creatures to be able to talk , to come to you , or even to marginally like you.Second problem
 I love this game so much but when i got a windows XP the computer wont work with it so if you have and XP dont get this game otherwize this game rocks !
 I purchased this game after reading raving reviews about it ... and I must say I was THOUROUGHLY dissapointed . I was bored with the game after a half an hour of playing it . There 's really not that much you can actually do in the game . Your catz just wander around a setting looking cute and fighting with the other catz . You can dress up the pets with a few outfits or try to play with them ; they do n't usually want to play with the toys . I did not have any luck with my cats having babies like I wanted them to , and it was very hard to train them . All in all , this game is NOT worth the money . If you really desire a virtual thing on your computer , buy the game Babyz instead .
 This game has a great design and excellent graphics . Unfortunately that 's where the good stuff ends . It 's very very simple and not challenging at all . I bought it for my 7 and 4 year old , hoping that they could both play it on different levels , but they were bored with it pretty quickly . They both went through it twice on the most difficult level -LRB- there are only three -RRB- and after that they did n't want to play it at all . The game does n't go above single digits for additions and I have n't seen anything that use subtraction . Logic problem are very trivial too even for 4 year old.It 's not a complete waste of money considering that it 's not too expansive , but pretty close to it .
 The case was cracked when it arrived , and it seems to have a glitch , because it stops suddenly a lot of the time . If I am able to return it I would.Regards Harry
 They scanned the pages and then compressed them into JPEGs . Even a top quality laser printer ca n't help the grey , smeary text output . If you like reading blurred text in a post card size window you 'll be satisfied . Otherwise you 're better off going to a library . I 'm gon na sell my copy or give it away .
 The image scans are such low quality that I can barely read the text . The point of buying these issues is to read them but I suppose that concept was lost on the manufacturer . In this day and age there is no excuse to produce low quality images in an age of high definition videos and scanners . What a disappointment , since I was looking forward to reading these .
 This package would be absolutely invaluable , a true treasure trove , were it not for the fact that all of the maps are in files which are specific to a Microsoft windows-specific viewing program . I had expected that there would be Microsoft-specific software to used display the maps , software which for my Unix/Linux environment would not be usable . I did not anticipate that the maps would not be accessible at all unless one runs the specific program supplied on the disks.There are dozens of excellent mapping file formats which meet all international standards and are readable on any sort of computer system , even if they can not use the Microsoft-specific viewing programs . But the National Geographic Society in its idiocy apparently decided that no-one in the world runs anything other than Windows . There is no specific caution about this on their box or in their literature.To them I say `` Shame on you ! '' In future I shall not again buy any software product with the National Geographic Society 's name upon it unless it states up front that it is suitable for all platforms . Thumbs down to these people , who have , for me at least , succeeded in making a silk purse into a sow 's ear !
 I picked up a copy of this at a used book store today and could n't get it to install properly on either our Windows Vista or XP machines . I can open the sound and picture files individually , but I can not launch the program . There is a version 2.0 available that you may want to try instead , but unless you 're running Windows 95 , I do n't think this is going to work for you .
 I got Kid Pix 3rd Edition for my kids new computer . I wanted the same version that they use in school , so files and such would be compatible . It will not open using XPsp2 . So , I 'm using 3rd edition on our old computer . Spend the extra and upgrade to 4th edition . It is fully compatible .
 Frist I had a hard time getting the game to run , Even though the box requirements said my computer was compatible.I finally got it to run yet after alittle while of use it would close.Apparently I 'm not the only one with this problem because on their website in their Support they have a troubleshooting section just for this game.I wish I had passed this by .
 Not really compatible . Will work with Win Xp cmpatability wizard set to Win 98 and visual themes disabled . BUT , the desktop will not return to original settings upon closing and Kid Pix 3 leaves programs running in the background which must be manually closed through Win Task Manager . A sad situation in a K-12 education setting attempting to use up to date Windows and preserve their software investment .
 Where are the lawyers when you really need them ? This program advertises its compatability with Windows XP which is an outright falsehood . Dont try to get promised technical support either
 Broderbund has ruined Kid Pix in its newest form . The tool bar has been completely changed and no longer reflects their counterparts on similar graphics software . Deluxe 3 has been `` kidified '' to the point of ruination.Get just the plain `` Deluxe '' version - Not 3 !
 I never received the game , so I can not give you a review at this time .
 I got Kid Pix 3rd Edition for my kids new computer . I wanted the same version that they use in school , so files and such would be compatible . It will not open using XPsp2 . So , I 'm using 3rd edition on our old computer . Spend the extra and upgrade to 4th edition . It is fully compatible .
 Please , if you have a XP computer , DO NOT GET THIS !! it runs horrible ! slow ! glitchey!nothing you would want to buy ! even my 20 year-old brother could not fix that !!
 The Deluxe 3rd edition of Kid Pix is not like the Kid Pix version we have at my children 's school . It is not intuitive and in fact when we sat down to type some sentences for a report , we `` lost '' our page and had to retype them and on the second try , we `` lost '' them again and got some kind of error . I would like to sell this version and get the standard version .
 Do n't waste your money . This version does n't work with Windows XP , I tried several times to install it with no success .
 Great idea , when it works , but it crashes on my computer all the time , have to re start . There are no directions .
 My child raved about this program from school . So I bought it and installed it on a computer that had the correct requirements . It seemed to install , but it will not open . It has a ton of error codes , none of which are in the knowledge base at the software company 's site . I contacted support and explained the issue and am still waiting for a resolution or even a response of some kind .
 I bought this version for my daughter after reading the negative reviews about Version 4 . She loves using this at school and wanted Santa to bring it . He did , and it has been nothing but a frustration ... it keeps sending multiple Windows errors -LRB- we have tried on several versions on Windows -RRB- ... and shutting down ... debug errors , etc. . Their customer support is only on line , closed until Jan 3rd and the FAQs were not helpful at all . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 Dont buy this ! I tried 4 computers all apparently compatible according to the box but the disc is expired . By the time I got around to trying them all and realizing it was n't user error , the return window to amazon expired . Dont waste your money .
 When I -LRB- the grandmother -RRB- first installed the game , it worked well . Then it seemed to `` kick in and kick out '' all the times after that . The kids -LRB- 6 and 7 -RRB- were frustrated that they could not get through want they wanted to do without the game `` knocking off . `` I have uninstalled it and installed it again , and this did not work ! Apparently this is a defective disk , but it does not pay for me to return it , since the shipping would be almost as much as the disk itself.My feeling is that it is an `` old '' disk.I will not order from your company again.Thank you.Pat Sweeney - -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have to do this at school and it is soooo boring ! If you want a good art program , get one of the Disney ones . They are worth your money , not this .
 this is the stupidest game on earth . what is the plot ??? i dont get it , the user interface is terrible and it is impossible to play . where are the multiplayer featuers ? i spent good money one this game and the graphics are horrible . never buy this game it is not fun . when i tell you it is bad believe me , its bad , i know these things , i have been in the pc gaming world for 10 + years and this is bad . NO BUY !!!!!
 This version does not work on OS X , it works in OS 9 and will run under Classic . Do not buy unless you 're happy running 7 year old technology!The advertiser needs to state this limitation clearly.Version 1.1 of Kid Pix Deluxe 3X from Software MacKiev does work in OS X , but Amazon and their affiliates do not make it easy to distinguish the correct product
 I wish I could give them zero stars.Broderbund pulled support for software I owned only 2 years after it was released.I was unable to install it because it required internet registration which was no longer supported . To solve the problem , they offered to SELL me a different software title.They must have thought I was stupid . They expected me to give them more money ??? This company has second rate software and third rate customer service . Do not buy anything from them .
 We just got Kid Pix 3 as an upgrade from the original Disney Magic Artist , and frankly , the kids and I are all disappointed . The program is poorly documented . There is no clear way to bring back saved pictures to work on them after the original session . My children are familiar with the program from school , but they agree that it does n't come close to matching the capabilities of the Disney program . The only advantage this program has over the original Disney Magic Artist is the availability of animated stickers , and if you buy the most recent of the Disney versions , you 'll get animated stickers there as well . As long as your children do n't mind having Mickey and friends appearing in their art studio , I suggest you go for Magic Artist . It pains me to spend so much of my entertainment budget with the Disney folks - they almost seem to monopolize my kid 's life outside of school - but you ca n't argue with the excellence of their products . In the meantime , I and many other parents are waiting for someone other than Disney to come out with an excellent art studio for children .
 I think I 'm going to enjoy using this program once I get over my HUGE initial frustration that comes with learning a new software program that does n't have adequate instruction ! The manual has to be printed up ; I would have preferred to have had an actual BOOK to refer to -- I guess software companies do n't do that any more ? It 's very frustrating , to say the least . I do n't see how kids can figure things out on their own with this program . It 's a pretty intense experience to guess at what to do . Call me computer illiterate , but that 's the way it is .
 Running winXP and software will not work on it . Has an error with QTime , no matter the version . Says that Qtime is required during installation but errors everytime . Tried it on 2 winxp PCs , still would not work .
 This is a very old version of KidPix from 1999 and will ONLY work within the classic layer of OS X 10.4 or earlier . -LRB- Hence the cheap price -RRB- . If you have Apple 's latest Operating System 10.5 or newer and/or if you want to run the upgraded version you will need to purchase KidPix Deluxe 3X with a SRP of 39 dollars . The box looks almost exactly the same , so be sure to look for that tiny `` X '' !
 I bought the computer game for my daughter for Christmas , so I did n't try it out right away . When she got it and we tried it out , it did n't work . I wanted to return it but I did n't have the order # . I was very dissappointed .
 I was unable after many attemptsto get this prgram to work with my windows xp !! It was a major diappointment and I had NO tech support avaiable to me . This vendor did not sent it with the orginal box . It was only the disc with no support number from the place I bought it from and the manufacturer said that they could not help on this product because I had no proof of purchase !!!
 I purchased Micrografx 's suite a few years back . I was angry to find out what stipulations they included in their EULA . -LRB- End User License Agreement -RRB- Like nearly all software these days , you MUST accept the terms in order to install the software . One of the terms with Micrografx 's terms was that content made using their software could not be sold . Now , that 's fine if it 's a play toy for you , or if you just need something to make presentations . But if you are a graphics artist , or webdesigner , that is a problem . I 'm not sure if their `` enterprise edition '' is any different from what I purchased . However I can definitely say , their software is nowhere near the quality of adobe photoshop/illustrator or 3dsmax/bryce3d . Again , this MAY or may not differ with their `` enterprise edition '' , but the package I purchased required that the cd be in the drive in order to use the software . Causing more wear and tear on your cd drive as you have to replace the disc each time you use the software , if you do n't already have it in . Another problem is the limited resolutions of the Simply 3D program . It could n't do anything bigger than 640x480 , I believe.Overall , I was dissatisfied with the inferior quality of the suite . It now sits in a box , collecting dust , while I enjoy using higher quality software for my graphics needs .
 I homeschool , and I deeply regret buying this product . We needed to download a patch apparently , but it would not allow the patch because it could n't find the software on our computer . Of course , that 's because the installer for the game does n't even work . We are no computer dummies in this house , and yet we could not get this product to work , on either Windows XP or Vista.Bottom line
 This item did not work well . It froze on several screens , had no button to press when a response was indicated at another , and just was n't worth the money spent .
 20 years in a coma ? come on . All reba wants her fans to do is cry . Im getting tired of your sad world Reba . Wake up and be happy for a change !
 An unbelievable plot with Reba -LRB- who is NO ACTRESS -RRB- at the helm playing the lead -LRB- horrors of horrors !! -RRB- She 's really quite terrible . She needs to stick to singing and forget Hollywood !!
 Worst DVD I have ever purchased in terms of the quality of the picture . The story was simply beautiful but the price was outlandish for a poor quality DVD . I 'm sorry I ordered it !!
 Would love to buy this dvd but it 's NOT worth $ 34.00 - $ 65.00 , too bad some sellers feel the need to be greedy ...
 I have never in my life dealt with a company who knows so little about what they are doing as Amazon.com . I order a few movies for my mom for Mother 's Day , and did n't even realize I was going through their site . I thought I was going through Reba 's pesonal store . So far they have sent me at least 5 doubles , that I did not order and have charged me for each and every one of them . $ 14.98 plus a $ 1.00 whatever that 's for . So I called them , they told me I had to contact the individual seller , I thought they were the seller and at one point some guy did give me my money back , just so I would not write about him , but of course you guessed Amazon took it back again . So I am now out $ 79.90 and have sent all the extra movies back and I do n't have the money back and Amazon.com wont do anything about it , because accourding to them , it 's not their fault . It 's not my fault , so whose fault is it and why should n't I have to pay the price . It simply not fair and straight up wrong . Somone should have to give my money back period !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Let 's make this short and sweet . Miss McEntire can not act her way out of a paper bag . What could have been a good movie is marred by her performance . The story lacks credibility and is not helped by her amateurish emoting .
 I dont know if I got a faulty CD but this one just doesnt want to install . I wasted an hour tryn to figure it out but in vain . My system faaaaaar meets all its specifications
 This product is fantastic ! However it states that it will play on a Mac -LRB- which I use -RRB- WRONG ! It only works on a PC platform and says so right on packaging ! Of course , I did n't know this until it arrived , yet it was billed as Mac compatable on the Amazon site , but then useless when it arrived .
 This s/w was bundled with my Maxtor 5000 drive . The drive is great , but the Retrospect software does not work , the interaction between the drive and the s/w is flakey at best ; the user interface is very difficult to understand . I finally had to de-install the software and use Windows XP Backup with the drive . The company who makes this product would not offer support because by the time I got around to calling them about their failed s/w it had been more than 30 days past the date I bought the Maxtor drive . Maxtor 's reponse was , `` Call Retrospect '' . In the future , I 'll be keeping away from this company for sure .
 ... There you will find many tales of woe as frustrated buyers recount their extreme - and failed - efforts to make this software perform.I have simply given up after two days of trying . I hope that Dantz will issue an upgrade or whatever it takes to make this product usable . As it is , I feel that it was a total waste of money and time .
 I 'm an experience Macintosh user , and have used an earlier full version of Retrospect at work to back up 40 Macs on our network . I bought Retrospect Express 5.0 to back up my iMac at home . First there were problems installing this software , then it fought me every step of the way with its inscrutible instructions , long wait times , and failures . I give up . Do n't buy this junk . I just wasted $ ... !
 I have about 15 years experience programming for the PC and the Mac . I bought this product basically because there did not seem to be much else on the market . I would describe it as odd , and somewhat useless.I tried to back up 10 gb of data from my Powerbook hard drive to a firewire external disk . After some odd displays of counting over 100,000 files on my hard drive -LRB- there are actually less than 8,000 -RRB- it announced that it could not deal with over 2 gb of data . That might have been ok in 1993 , but not now.Then I tried the duplicate function . Again it counts zillions of non-existent files , then runs for 12 hours , then announces that it quits for unknown reasons after doing about 3 gb of data . I have tried this 6 times now and no joy.So I have had this product about a month and it has yet to be able to backup 10 gb of data.Two other comments
 I 've been using RE 5.0 for about 18 months . It is n't intuitive , and every time I made a backup I had to re-learn the non-standard interface , but I was able to make backups.My hard drive volumes were trashed beyond repair while installing another product , so I inserted the RE CD to restore my disk . Unfortunately , everytime the boot-up gets about 90 % done , I get a System error message and the whole thing locks up.Now I have a crashed computer , a complete backup of my files on an external Firewire , and a completely useless CD with Retrospect Express printed on it.Incidentally , the 2 other applications that I bought to help me during these events also did n't work . It 's quite a beautiful thing .
 Five -LRB- ? -RRB- years ago I owned a very early version of this product which I used on a Mac PowerBook . Then I found it difficult to set up and use with almost incomprehensible instructions . I recently bought a new PowerBook and my current easy to use back up program -LRB- Copy Agent will not work OS X. -LRB- Although I am considering dumping OS X too - but that 's another story -RRB- I thought I would try Retrospect Express to back up to Zip 250 discs . Well , the program has not improved and has proven as inscrutable to use as the first time . I spent five hours over several days trying to set it up . The user interface is not intuitive and the language used in the instructions is almost incomprehensible . And the language usage is beyond belief ... `` Forget '' instead of `` Delete ? '' Give me a break . My hat is off to those who have mastered this backward looking program .
 I bought this a year ago to back up my home Mac . Here 's my primary complaints :1 . It 's `` compression '' often makes files larger than the original , especially with compressed file formats -LRB- mp3s , jpegs , etc -RRB- . You can turn off compression for a whole backup set , but not for individual directories .2 . It is not easy to use to back up portions of your system . I have 180 GB of hard drive space , but much of that is scratch space for digital work that I do n't want backed up -LRB- iMovie directories are especially huge -RRB- . So I only select individual directories to backup . Retrospect is not very helpful at sorting out these directories while Apple 's Backup does some work for you -LRB- just check a box for Address Book , and Backup gets the right files -RRB- .3 . I use a standard Pioneer DVR-104 Superdrive . Of a catalog of 14 CD-R 's , Retrospect makes 6 coasters . Thats an almost 50 % failure rate . With these exact same disks burned from the Finder , I have burned 100 + CD-R with zero failures . Retrospect 's drivers are horrible .4 . Catalog failures . I get them all the time . And they never repair themselves . Start from scratch with a new backup set .5 . Cost ! I figured Retrospect was a bargain at first
 I agree with the reviewer from Charlottesville that `` the prompts and messages seem to be written by someone for whom english is a very second or third language '' , and the PDF file documentation is no better . I find it extremely irritating that simple step by step flow charts for executing the various back-up features are not used . Come on Retrospect , how about some straitforward explantions on using this program . And please , take some lessons from the people who wrote the documentation for the Tech Tool ProUtility program - now they know how to write documentation inclearly defined steps .
 This program is not intuitive . The Retrospect engineers invented a secret language with terms nobody understands . For graphic arts - you are better off buying large capacity external hard drives and not archiving your files . Even if you can figure out how to use this program , why risk the damage of `` Retrospecting '' your files ? In the past , I 've had two hard drives fail , and both times I have a feeling it was caused by Retrospect throwing data all over the place that was irretrievable .
 I recently purchased ColorVision 's PrintFIX product to improve the quality of prints that my Epson 2200 produces from Photoshop . The default profiles produce properly exposed prints , but the colors are slightly off from those on the monitor -LRB- which has been calibrated -RRB- . According to the PrintFIX ads , the device `` enables you to produce top quality prints right away '' and `` build custom profiles in minutes . '' That has not been my experience . Multiple attempts to use PrintFIX produced prints that were much too underexposed with a green tint that looked nothing like the image on the monitor using the same profile with Photoshop proofing.I called ColorVision 's tech support and the first thing they told me was that PrintFIX is not suitable for professional or even advanced amateur color management . -LRB- I fully agree , but why then do they sell it bundled with their Spyder PRO professional monitor calibration tool ? -RRB- . By the way , the street price for PrintFIX is $ 299 ! After I explained my problem , the tech asked me to email a copy of the calibration chart that I printed . After receipt he would call me back to explain how to use their DoctorPRO software that comes with PrintFIX to correct the profile . The tech did not call me back nor did he return my messages left on voicemail . It took four phone calls to make contact with him again.The process for using DoctorPRO is a complete kludge and can not produce consistent or reproducible color management of a printer . The first step is to use Photoshop image adjustments to make the image on the monitor look like the incorrect print . This is a highly subjective process and matching the print exactly on the monitor is impossible . The next step is to create a Photoshop action in which the image adjustments of Photoshop are used to correct the now incorrect monitor image to match the original . Then DoctorPRO is initiated and it applies the action to create an edited profile . In theory , the edited profile is then used on the monitor to soft proof results prior to printing . The print then is made using this profile . This is of course and iterative process , and it takes many attempts and wastes many prints to get a profile that is even close to acceptable.Obviously , this same process can be used without using either the PrintFIX hardware or software by just modifying the default profiles in Photoshop with an action.IMHO PrintFIX does not do the job and is not worth the money . ColorVision should be embarrassed to sell a product that falls so short of its claims and one that its tech support even admits is inadequate .
 This only works on a very limited number of printers . They do not cover most current popular models , in fact very few . You can ask for new profiles but they do n't warrant anything . If you do not buy directly from them they will not stand behind their equipment . The scanner supplied is very cheap and prone to failure . Their technical support staff are not helpful and they top it off by being rude .
 I recently purchased ColorVision 's PrintFIX product to improve the quality of prints that my Epson 2200 produces from Photoshop . The default profiles produce properly exposed prints , but the colors are slightly off from those on the monitor -LRB- which has been calibrated -RRB- . According to the PrintFIX ads , the device `` enables you to produce top quality prints right away '' and `` build custom profiles in minutes . '' That has not been my experience . Multiple attempts to use PrintFIX produced prints that were much too underexposed with a green tint that looked nothing like the image on the monitor using the same profile with Photoshop proofing.I called ColorVision 's tech support and the first thing they told me was that PrintFIX is not suitable for professional or even advanced amateur color management . -LRB- I fully agree , but why then do they sell it bundled with their Spyder PRO professional monitor calibration tool ? -RRB- . By the way , the street price for PrintFIX is $ 299 ! After I explained my problem , the tech asked me to email a copy of the calibration chart that I printed . After receipt he would call me back to explain how to use their DoctorPRO software that comes with PrintFIX to correct the profile . The tech did not call me back nor did he return my messages left on voicemail . It took four phone calls to make contact with him again.The process for using DoctorPRO is a complete kludge and can not produce consistent or reproducible color management of a printer . The first step is to use Photoshop image adjustments to make the image on the monitor look like the incorrect print . This is a highly subjective process and matching the print exactly on the monitor is impossible . The next step is to create a Photoshop action in which the image adjustments of Photoshop are used to correct the now incorrect monitor image to match the original . Then DoctorPRO is initiated and it applies the action to create an edited profile . In theory , the edited profile is then used on the monitor to soft proof results prior to printing . The print then is made using this profile . This is of course and iterative process , and it takes many attempts and wastes many prints to get a profile that is even close to acceptable.Obviously , this same process can be used without using either the PrintFIX hardware or software by just modifying the default profiles in Photoshop with an action.IMHO PrintFIX does not do the job and is not worth the money . ColorVision should be embarrassed to sell a product that falls so short of its claims and one that its tech support even admits is inadequate .
 I bought this product because I read Surething was the best software for making CD labels , but apparently I did n't read closely enough . Only the Deluxe version allows you to print on third party labels . Since I do n't live near a Fry 's ... and Fry 's is the only place you can buy Surething 's labels , I wasted time and money . I also opened the software before I realized this and could n't exchange it . Now I have to pay even more to buy the upgrade than it would have cost to just buy the Deluxe version in the first place . * sigh *
 The price was just right and you get what you pay for . I purchased surething cd labeler Se edition because the website and the box said that I would be able to print the song titles on music cds AUTOMATICALLY and would be able to read and display filenames from data cd w/o ever having to type . This is exactly what I wanted , so I purchased it . It does not do this ! There is no playlist manager . No documentation was included in the box . Had to go to the help files . Unfortunately , the instructions in the help file pointed you to things that were NOT available within the software . I am really disappointed and now have software taking up space .
 CAUTION , be forewarned by my experiences
 What a joke this game is . When I play it , my partner opens with 3 clubs and then the game is over my partner does n't have any clubs at all . Also when I big 2 of whatever suit , my partner takes it to 4 in that suit and then only has 3 cards in that suit . BIG WASTE OF MONEY !!!
 Personaly , I found this a rather boring way to learn . Maybe if you do n't have any idea of how to use MS office at all it is more helpful . I look forward to receiving the Mavis Beacon 2007 software for office instead . I know that the Mavis Beacon typing software was how I had taught myself to type years ago . There is a lot of activity going on with Mavis Beacon.Linda
 I did n't get an opportunity to run this product because it does not work with AOL or Juno which I discovered AFTER I installed it on my system . The advertisement should include which ISP 's the product wo n't work with along with the needed system configuration and added ISP 's info .
 Not exactly what we expect from their advertising . Does n't do much better than Outlook Express Mail control program . But now you have to operate two programs , this one and your main email program . Not worth the effort .
 If the people who said this limited spam had spent as much time configuring their outlook filters as they have to spend on configuring spamkiller4 , they would have saved their money .
 The advertising on this product , does not tell you background music only plays when viewed on your computer , it will not burn to a dvd . Quailty of the burned dvd is very poor nor does it look like a book page turning on the dvd . The saved file and viewing on a computer is great , but not if you want to burn one . The manufacture was great help in refunding part of my money .
 I liked some of the features of this album , but when it comes to adding video to it , it will not accept . MOV extentions . BIG DRAWBACK - when I download any of my videos from my digital camera , it automatically changes them into . MOV extentions . So therefore , I can not use any videos in my albums . Otherwise , it is really easy to use and fun to watch as the album flips .
 PC Relocator UltraControl moves files , settings and utilities OK . But it claims to move all programs . Move a major program like autocad to your new computer , and it opens - but wo n't run . Then you see it has no un-installer in the program group . Next , you see it 's not listed in the control panel add/remove list . Now - you have TRASH on your new computer , that ca n't be used and ca n't be fully un-installed . And I PAID for this ? What was I thinking ???
 Do n't waste your time . This software is not easy to use , dose n't transfer most programs so that they will work . If you use the expert mode to select only a few files you will need to delete all the item you do n't want one by one , and each one takes a 30 seconds , takes hours just to create your list . And when your done you get a bunch of garbage you do n't want . I was so disappointed with the results I had to do a system restore on my band new computer.Take a pass .
 If this is supposed to to be the best transfer software , forget it ! I paid top dollar for it , and it sucks . Try something else , this does n't transfer your programs and files like it is supposed to . Now I have a new $ 3k computer with a pile of excrement of partially transferred programs that do n't work !!!
 I tried to use this software to move files to my new laptop with VISTA . When i had trouble installing teh USB cable , I tried to get on-line support or update the software and discovered that Microsoft bought the compnay last year and now they have disappeared . No upgrades . NO Suport . No website . Vanished !!
 I bought this a couple of years ago -- and I `` thought '' it worked like a charm . I had a few issues , nothing serious ... . UNTIL : I 've had TERRIBLE trouble upgrading software . This program does n't track the installs , it just copies them over , so you can not uninstall programs . If you try to modify or upgrade software that requires a full or partial uninstall , you are SOL . There seems to be NOTHING you can do.This has cost me a lot of cash and there are software suites I can never use again.I am REALLY UNHAPPY that I ever did this ...
 I could n't even get it to load . . Way outdated , over priced , ca n't use it with windows 7 . Would n't recommend this
 This is an unimpressive collection of textures made all the less satisfying by their repetition on other Corel products . If you have CorelDraw or Corel Galleries , you 'll have a lot of these textures already . Also , the price is out of line with the rest of the single-subject Corel Photo CDs , making it even less of a buy.Still , if you do n't have many textures in your collection , this is a good enough and cheap enough way to beef up your supply . It 's also a great way for graphical beginners to get ideas on how to make your own , so that you never have to buy a collection like this again .
 Spanish alphabet incorrect , which diminished my confidence in remaining languages . I returned the product .
 There were supposed to be 3 discs in the case and there was only 1 . One of the missing discs contained Hebrew and that is the one that my son wanted the most ! I am very dissapointed . Returns are such a pain .
 No English translation , so I have no idea how anyone can learn anything from this terrible product .
 I checked this out from the library to see if I would get anything out of it , but was n't pleased . The characters do n't even speak in English ; they only speak in the language that you 're supposed to be learning , which makes it nearly impoosible to learn it ! The only language I could play on and understand was spanish , and I 'm bilingual ! Also , when it says the alphabet , it basically says the english alphabet with an accent . When you want to exit , the buttons are labeled in the language you 're supposed to be learning , so you can only guess which is which . Last , on about three of the languages I tried , problems came up on my computer and froze the screen . I do n't recommend this CD , because they use the no-english method of learning a foreign language , which has n't worked for me in the past . I do recommend the books Fun With Spanish , Fun With French , Fun With Italian , Fun With German , and More Fun With Spanish , all by Lee Cooper . The words stick in your head after reading them only once or twice ! All these books are sold on www.amazon.com .
 This software has a ton of great clip art and photos for use , but the browser software for it is a massive resource hog and very unstable . In order for me to use it , I have to shut down everything thats running on my system , and then launch the Masterclips browser . Even then , it still locks up.I uninstalled the software and put it on the shelf to collect dust .
 I agree with the other person ... tech support is almost non-existant . These guys went on vacation over Christmas week and do n't seem to be back yet . I did FINALLY get an e-mail giving me an 800 number to call -LRB- which is n't published on the site or in the software package ... that # is 1-800-482-4567 -RRB- ... I finally spoke with a real peron who told me to e-mail her my info and she would take care of everything and e-mail me back . I 'm still waiting ... and waiting . At least my 3 day `` free mebership '' -LRB- the only way I could even see what the site offered -RRB- is still working almost 2 weeks later ! Of course it does n't allow you to download much . WARNING ! Do n't buy this software !
 The subscription comes with a serial number that is suppose to be your password to log in , but it does n't work and I have n't had any luck getting through for tech support , via e-mail or phone . They do not have a designated phone number for tech support and the online tech support does not respond . I 'm beginning to think it 's some fly by night operation they are running . Wish me luck !
 I was very disappointed with this video . If you know nothing about chinese cooking this video might give you a small idea but that is it .
 Better off getting going to entrepreneur.com and doing free research than paying for a book and some templates . You pay the same retail price as Business Plan Pro 2004 for Windows and you get practically nothing for it . Mac 's version gets 20 sample plans compared to 400 with Window 's . Plus in Windows you get a Wizard to guide you throught the whole process . Whats more is that its not even complete . You have to have either Appleworks , Claris Works , Microsoft Word and Excel to use the templates . I admit , I was hoping it would be more user friendly than it is . Do n't waste your money on this product . It 's not worth it .
 The product came with absolutely no instructions for installation , what each CD contains or how to use it . Getting tech help is difficult and it is difficult to use .
 Although this CD does n't have any real problems , it also does n't have any real points in its favor either . It has games that teach numbers , animals , etc. , but my 7 year old daughter does n't find them fun enough to play on her own . Maybe she 's spoiled by some of the really excellent children 's software available , but this CD did not elicit much enthusiasm .
 This game allows you to take about 20 songs from well known composers , but the songs themselves are n't terribly well known . Using these 20 or so songs , you can edit them -LRB- louder - softer -RRB- and -LRB- faster-slower -RRB- , and then play it back . That 's it . I thought this game would allow me to make my own musci by putting in the notes and then hearing it back . Oh well , I got it used for $ 7 , so I guess I 'n $ 7 in hole .
 This CD is poor to say the least , cute yeah , but if your child is trying to learn spanish you might as well forget it . The problem lies in the fact that there is no english reinforcement and to make matters worse , the icons are not clear . My son ca n't even figure out what the pictures are suppose to represent . They 'll show you a picture of something and give you the spanish word and you find yourself saying `` Is that a hoof , 2 feet , horse feet , claws , what is that picture ? '' . And since there is no english equivalent presented you end up confused . `` Pure language '' works in real life but not in the world of computers and monitors . This company needs to go back to the drawing board .
 My kids wo n't touch it since the first time they tried it . It is very difficult and my son is 7 and knows quite a bit of spanish from school , as does my 4 1/2 years old . Saving it for the next garage sale .
 I have to agree with WaveDave 's review ! I just bought this directly from TL 's website at $ 29.99 and hate it ! No English translations anywhere left my 9 y.o. very frustrated ! What is the point of memorizing 6 songs in Spanish if you do n't even know what you are singing ? Keep shopping ! I 'm sending it back !
 I purchased the version 3.1 and suffered frequent lock ups so I thout I 'd bite the bullet and buy the version 4.0 so called PRO version . Now I can not connect at all with the people I used to enjoy chatting with . When I Email requests Customer support I might as well do it with the computer turned off and they have the nerve to charge extra -LRB- $ 25 ? -RRB- for telephone support .
 I have had this program for a while now , the thing i hate about it is , the fact that you cant draw out the samples and have them suit your needs , and it crashes a lot , sometimes you cant restart it . Most programs like acid , FL STUDIO , and other programs do make mp3 's you just have to look for it . I would rather use a professional program then use something that looks like it came off a video game and sounds like one . The samples they give you are n't that great , they sound terrible and sound like im back in the 80 's again . so if i were you get the demo first then see if you like it still
 i coudnt get this to work right in windows vista gave me an error when trying to install i think the second cd : - -LRB-
 The capture feature on VideoStudio does not work with either my Dazzle DVC 100 unit or my Panasonic G150 camera . Both are recognized in menu but do n't work . Several other programs have worked well with my computer setup , only VidelStudio fails . I have queried Ulead tech support three times and customer support once . The only response is they will get back to me as soon as possible After two months of efforts with zero response it is clear Ulead has NO TECH SUPPORT . Do n't but this if you want to capture video . It is bad software with zero suppor .
 Nice program when it works but it is very buggy . As other reviewers have noted , it often locks and crashes . I have gotten in the habit of saving after every action to minimize the losss . Some messages are unintelligible , written by someone with a couple of months of English . There 's no excuse to market a product like this . And , as others noted , Ulead 's tech support simply ignores queries for help . I 've put in two requests and not gotten a response to either .
 A fairly nice and intuitive interface makes it easy to create the project you want . It 's when you render the project that the software lets you down . Videostudio will create artifacts and noise . For example , it has a slick pan and zoom feature for slides , but it can not handle the simple task of re-sizing your megapixel still photos to fit in video formats . The results ? dancing pixels , shimmering and blurry pictures . If you go to the Ulead forums , they recommend that you resize your pictures closer to video format . Besides the absurdity of resizing hundreds of pictures to suit one poorly executed piece of software , what is the point of having the pan and zoom feature one wonders?Avoid this program , it is as poorly written as Pinnacle Software 's Studio dud . I am still looking for a video editing program that performs as advertised . It is a shame one can not sue these companies for fraud .
 First , I run a clean P4 , 1G RAM , 300 + G free disk space , no Norton , nothing running in the background machine . I have installed , repaired , restored and reinstalled this several times - * Ulead 's VS9 frequently hangs , sometimes to the kill-the-power stage . * It wo n't capture from a DVD , even one it recorded . * It wo n't reliably capture DV . * There is an option to save an '' . iso '' disk image - but the image wo n't work with Nero or other management tools , so what 's the point?Just try to get to Ulead 's web site - frequently down , gaga , or just plain missing . When you do get there , there are links for patch-downloads ; the links are dead . They have a nice form for registered users to get product support - they just ignore it when you submit it , I guess.There is some good - the editing part works as advertised , and the Cool3D included does nice stuff , but the menu and title process is not nearly as intuitive and flexible as Pinnacle 's . When I have been able to burn a disk , the render speed is pretty good -LRB- significantly faster than Pinnacle -RRB- . All in all , why does n't some smart company read all these video editor -LRB- Pinnacle , Ulead , Vegas , Magix , etc -RRB- reviews , and provide a software that REALLY works on all fronts ????
 This is a nicely designed product BUT ... I 'm importing long analog video clips from old tapes . My captures seem to play fine , but as soon as I either edit the footage , or burn the raw footage to DVD , the audio goes horribly out of synch . Users on a Ulead web board identify this as a known problem and give an elaborate work-around , which does n't work for me . This is a buggy product and I do n't recommend it . Next I 'll be trying one of the Adobe products .
 I just purchased this software and it has crashed everytime I use it . I did n't safe a movie I was working on and lost everything . I am very dissatisfied . I am trying to do more homework and find a movie editing software that is more stable . This was very disappointing .
 I started off OK and copied 3 home VHS tapes . Then it crashed . deleted it and reloaded it and it did n't work . I loaded it on another computer and it did n't work . Their PDF `` manual '' is horrible ; very VERY little detailed help . Their on line support is a joke too ; by the time you fill out all the questions you 're to pissed off to describe the problem . And , there 's no telephone number to call that I could find anyway.I bought it at a computer store and do n't have the sales slip so I 'm out the 60 bucks or whatever . OK , I knew better than to toss it . But this product and its `` support '' is a major disappointment so far . I see there are some good reviews here so maybe I have a `` bug '' in the Magic Box thing that comes with it . I dunno . But I consider my copy anyway a complete waste of money .
 I 've never written a product review despite many purchases . I 'm writing this one to warn people about ulead 's terrible customer service and an equally bad product.The product does not work for me
 I ordered it , then Download the trial version on Ulead website . Atfer it crashed three times I decided to return the product . Other then that it was easy and straight forward to use .
 SITTING HERE , AFTER SPENDING 16 HRS EDITING VIDEO ; 6 OF THOSE HRS . WAISTED USING ULEAD 'S VIDEO-STUDIO-9 , I 'M UTTERLY FRUSTRATED AND SUBCONCIOUSLY MAD AS HELL ! THIS WAS ONLY THE SECOND TIME I USED THIS SOFTWARE FOR A SPECIAL VID PROJECT AND ONCE AGAIN THE CAPTURE WAS `` STAGGERED & CHOPPY '' BEYOND USEABILITY ! I BOUGHT THE VS9 , NEW/SEALED FROM AN EBAY VENDOR -LRB- GOOD-GUY -RRB- , AND YEAH ! THERE 'S NOTHING WRONG WITH MY COMPUTERS!LUCKILY , I HAD BOUGHT THE `` MAGIX '' MOVIE EDIT PRO-2005 TO COVER MY REAR ! I CA N'T WAIT TO CALL ULEAD -LRB-310-RRB- 896-6388 BETWEEN 9a-5p -LRB- PST -RRB- AND LET 'EM HAVE IT WITH BOTH BARRELS . VS9 CA N'T EVEN DO THE MOST FUNDAMENTAL TASK OF CAPTURING WITHOUT THE B.S. ! THEREFORE , DO N'T BY THIS SOFTWARE UNLESS YOU 'RE A FREAK FOR PAIN AND YOUR TIME IS DISPOSABLE.THNX 4 LETTIN ' ME SHARE : -RRB-
 I have been in the market for a recipe and meal plannig software to organize my enormous recipe collection , to create a monthly menu for my family , and to automatically generate grocery lists from my menu plans . After a lot of research , I found Home Cookin on Amazon and was impressed by the consistant great reviews . I went online and downloaded the 10 day free trial . My impression of this software is that it does n't really live up to the reviews that have been posted here . I will not spend $ 40.00 on this and am glad there is a trial version that helped me to make an informed decision without having to purchase first . Considering that the reviews are so consistantly high , I was surprised to find that this software is not very impressive . Here is what I found : On the positive side :1 . There is a 10 day free trial that can be downloaded online , so to test out the claims is easy and costs nothing . I highly reccommend that anyone looking for cooking sofware , should download the free version before purchasing . What people need from this kind of software is highly individualized and what works for some folks is not very useful to others . ALMOST ALL RECIPE MANAGEMENT PROGRAMS HAVE SOME KIND OF FREE TRIAL , AND IT IS WORTHWHILE TO LOOK AT SEVERAL OF THEM BEFORE PURCHASING .2 . It is basic and simple . Actually , it is so basic and simple that it does n't function much better than my current system of keeping my recipes and meal plans in my database and word processor .3 . The customer support of this company is EXCELLENT . They are reliably there for you and will answer any and all questions within 12-24 hours . This is far and away better than the vast majority of software publishers . The customer support is absolutely the best feature of this software.On the negative side :1 . This software does not automaticly generate a grocery list . You have to manually enter your grocery lists , which is what I am already doing . And the grocery list function does n't really make sense , as it tries to do things that it can not really do . For example , it tries to price everything but really does n't do it well and so the software is bloated with a function that is kind of pointless . Also , when you enter an item in the grocery list , it has you also enter the store and the section , as if it is going to generate an ORGANIZED list . But I could never figure out how to make that happen , because my lists always ended up as a mishmash of items that had addendums about which store and which aisle . Since creating organized grocery lists from my menu plans was a number one priority for me , THIS WAS A DEAL BREAKER . My current system is fine for my needs and the only improvement is that I need a grocery list generator .2 . The look and feel of the software is kind of dull . It might not matter to some people and does n't affect the function , but I like a colorful display .3 . It is an incredibly simple format , and does n't give much more advantage than my current system of recipe management where I manually generate recipes , menus and grocery lists using a database , spreadsheet and word processor . I understand that some folks like the simplicity , but why should I pay for this when I already own Microsoft Office Suite ? Or you can get Open Office for free .4 . It comes pre-loaded with recipes that I donn ' t want , and these recipes have some kind of connection to the grocery list function that I could never undo . Consequently , my grocery lists keep showing up with items from the pre-loaded recipes and I do n't know how to get rid of them .5 . The customer service , while excellent , is email only . There is no phone number , so you can not get immediate help . That said , it is excellent in all other respects , and even though you can not get immediate service , you can reliably expect a reply within 24 - 48 hours . This is kind of cumbersome , but still better than most companies.All in all , I was surprised that this software was n't more useful , considering all the great reviews . It provoked me to go back and look at the profiles of the reviewers and I noticed that most of the folks who posted reviews on this product had ONLY ONE REVIEW -LRB- making me wonder if they had created an Amazon account for the express purpose of giving this product a good review -RRB- . Others had posted several reviews but all of them were positive - no matter what the product was -LRB- making me wonder if they are professional reviewers who have been paid for their good reviews -RRB- . Both of these scenarios can sometimes indicate paid reviewers , and while I can not say absolutely whether the reviews here are genuine or not , many of them are kind of suspicious in my eyes . A few seemed genuine , but most of them caused me to raise an eyebrow . In any case , I was disappointed in the overall functionality of Home Cookin , and will continue to look for something that fits my needs better than this .
 There is probably nothing wrong with this product . It was just not compatible with my computer and was therefore unable to use it . It was all right to return it for a refund , less the shipping cost .
 The design of this program leaves much to be desired . There is poor presentation of the content which is confusing , sometimes hard to comprehend , and makes many assumptions difficult for the neophyte to understand . Text being read gives little time to absorb math concepts . Provides sample problems with little or no explanation.I suggedt a complete revamping of this software to accomadat all levels of math competency .
 We had this game on our old machine running windows ME . My 6 year old was really upset that he could n't play anymore on our xp computer . when i saw this claim that it was for windows xp , I jumped on it ! Upon receipt I saw that the package had a different picture on the box than the one advertised . It is meant to run on windows 95 and failed to load on our xp machine . Either is is improperly advertised or they sent me the wrong game . We are not happy !
 You think you 're buying the same awesome game that 's on systems such as the PS2 and the Gamecube , right ? The packaging 's the same , the title is the same , why would they be different?Note that this is a completely different game from the console 's version . When it was exported to the PC and MAC , the game was rewritten . It 's boring , overly simplified and the graphics are n't the same . Since there 's no way to distinguish one version from the other , I am giving you a heads up that this is not a game that allows for crazy fun non-linear play , krabby patty driving and 3D graphics . It 's flat , linear and way too easy.If you want to get your 5 year old a very easy game that spends all its time talking at you and telling you what to do , this game is perfect . I recommend it for very young kids . From what I saw of it , it is cute and straight forward . However , do n't buy it thinking that you 're getting the same game that 's advertised on TV and on most websites . You 'll just be as disappointed as I was .
 My kids -LRB- ages 7 & 4 -RRB- find the game fun , but it continually crashes when running it on our Intel iMac with Mac OS 10.5 . I 've opened a ticket with aspyr but all I got from them was to reinstall it which did nothing to resolve the problem . Sometime it will work for 5 minutes before crashing , sometimes only a minute or 2 . I definitely would not buy this again . I 'm going to try it on an older PPC laptop and see if that helps .
 Password protected , Address book , Secret Message writer and Decoder , Stationary , AND Diary all in one program . What more could you want ? Well ... maybe some copy and paste or easy backup.I used this diary wonderfully for two years -- two years ! -- when I realized I could n't copy and paste into Word , or somehow retrieve it . In five to ten years , that program wo n't be working and those TWO YEARS of my life ... fully documented -LRB- 10 a month at least -RRB- will be gone . I now have to print out every one of those pages ... what a waste of paper ! It 's a wonderful wonderful program . But if you actually want to READ your diary 10 years from now ... just look elsewhere . It 's not worth it ...
 This was a decent program back when it was originally released . It has a lot of useful features . However , the calendar and diary functions expired at the end of 2009 and now you will get error messages if you try to use them . Do n't waste money on this now .
 Source Code Management , no doubt , is a vital part of any development shop . Any team based development effort needs a centralized repository in which to store their work.That being said , I would implore you to choose another product - such as the open source CVS -LRB- which can hook into VS.net with the right plug-ins -RRB- . VSS is a buggy , unreliable , unbearably slow ... and fundamentally unuseable product . This is * not * the sort of system you should use hold vital data that ammounts to months and months of hard work.For your sanity and your time , DO NOT buy this product . As each version seems to bring very little in the way of rethinking this disaster , Microsoft has made it very clear that they could care less about source control . -LRB- by the way , MS does n't even use this product in-house -RRB- .
 Although Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing is marked as being suitable for children 8 and up , I can not recommend it for elementary and middle schoolers . The child is required to have a typing speed goal of 25 WPM , and 25WPM must be achieved with each lesson before the child is allowed to progress to a higher level . My 9-year-old is stuck typing `` asdf '' and `` jkl ; '' until he is crying tears of boredom . After 50 minutes of practice , he had brought his speed up from 6WPM to 10WPM , so that 25WPM goal still seemed a long way away.I would prefer to see a younger child able to type homework mistake free at 15WPM , than have one who refuses to learn to type because he ca n't take being forced to practice `` asdf '' for endless hours .
 I am an old hand trying to finally touch type - so I 'm using the beginner level and just learning the lower-case alphabetics . I amusing the Delux 11 version.a -RRB- The Chameleon game breaks after a while - intermittent but if you play Chameleon say 10 times in a row it seems guaranteed to happen - but not in same place - that when you hit a wrong key , instead of waiting for right key and continuing it breaks out of the game.b -RRB- There 's at least one case of a double-quote instead of a single quote in an exercise -LRB- we 're nowhere near at point where double quote has been mentioned - it 's a bug -RRB- c -RRB- The messages are either very very smart or very very dumb - I get praise and admonishment - mainly the former - but disconnected in any way I can see to what I 'm doing - for example - I get an error-free score fastest I 've done all session and I get a `` you did n't do very well '' . I freak out and get 7 errors and abysmal time and occasionally I get `` well done , etc etc '' . d -RRB- Again , either very sophisticated or a bug - I get taken back to earlier levels time and time again - `` lets try some new keys '' -LRB- but I was introduced to them yesterday and once already this morning -RRB- - it does a few exercises with the right subset of keys , including the new ones , and then flips back to where I really am with those keys and more . Puzzling.e -RRB- The games with moving jerky , hard-to-read characters -LRB- Chameleon , Sea Breeze -RRB- are headache producing . I always get exactly the same unhelpful message on Sea Breeze that seems unconnected to what I 'm actually doing - it looks like just a fixed message `` you failed cos you need rhythm not speed '' . Maybe this all gets much better when you 've passed the beginner level - I hope so . I was expecting some repetitive pieces so you 'd get familiar with short sequences - es ed ing and so on - but no such luck - it seems to emphasize randomness . A bit dissapointing for the most popular typing program in its 11th edition - I feel I must have somehow gotten their 1st edition by mistake - by now surely there 's tons of analysis of what keys you get right , what sequences you stumble over - but it aint obvious . I ca n't see a place to say this on the Mattel site - no fixes or FAQ or anything else I 'd have emoted over there first .
 I gave this software as a gift . It looks like I 'm going to have to buy another -- NOT another copy of this one ! A few wrong keys hit and the CD has been wiped clean and there is no help to be had.Mavis Beacon -- if you see this review -- please HELP !
 Small number of Parks with limited trial information . Not worth it . Not easy to transfer to GPS unit .
 Ordered this because I was looking for a fast photo editor for my Mac and loved MGi 's Photosuite 3 on my PC.Amazon lists Mac as an available operating system but when you get the box it is ONLY for Windows 95/98 or NT .
 beware ! this software is out of date and does not work for later than Win 98 . Plus the company refuses to give refunds .
 Warning ! This software is far too spooky for human eyes . Avoid at all costs ! I have n't left my room in two weeks after realizing the skeleton was inside of me .
 I 've used SuSE Linux since 8.0.9.1 was their best release , but their last before Novell completely took the reins -LRB- Novell had bought SuSE before 9.1 's release , but 9.2 is their first fully controlled release - and seeing the `` N '' word over the SuSE logo at more than every opportunity reeks of blatant egoism too . -RRB- Not only did 9.2 lack sundry emulator programs I love , and that it wo n't install by default some of its hyped up programs -LRB- Scribus and the NVU web editor -RRB- , I also could n't easily install the video -LRB- Nvidia -RRB- or sound -LRB- Sound Blaster Audigy -RRB- correctly . While I did get the video to work after hours of tweaking -LRB- which is atypical , I 've done this install for every new SuSE release since 8.0 -RRB- , I am still battling the sound problem - the driver installs and tests OK , but none of the sound applications or games think a sound driver is installed . -LRB- ! -RRB- Looks like a permission rights issue , but that should n't be.It 's also something of a RAM hog , the RAM requirement is surprisingly high.It 's a shame Novell wo n't take refunds , this 9.2 needed to go through some more installation testing ... -LRB- Update
 This ancient , abandoned , unsupported version of suse is more than half of decade old . Beside it will not work on any of today 's computers because drivers are n't there . It is nothing like Linux of today . It has outdated everything from kernel to GUI , it will not run most of software as most require modern kernel and modern GUI . Just skip it . Get current openSUSE -LRB- version 11.3 on a moment of writing -RRB- .
 Well i call myself buying a 9.2 copy from a good ole bootleg dealer here at amazon to end up with a rar file nightmare of files all misplaced and a dead autorun feature with a automatic flop of a boot up on this boot leg , A complete rip off big time i guess it pays to buy a lic product , lesson learned big time i even had a group of IT tech laugh at this -LRB- beware beware -RRB- thank god it was only 13 bucks what a rip , So beware folks i had to blast this ? Also -LRB- Word to the wise -RCB- Make sure you read the install directions in the manaul , If you dont have a manaul there is pdf version at Novell , Also another tip - > The suse linux 9.2 comes with a bootloader so you can switch back and forth to windows from linux at the begining boot screen something i found out the hard way when partitioning my hard drive and set up , As for using this program , It kicks but ? So much software and the powerwill blow you away , And remember back up your hard drivebefore you install . -LRB- Heres a good site for undestanding how to partitioning your hard drive http://partition.radified.com/good luck !!!!
 This software is an embarrasement . I installed on my compaq P3 laptop . Pretty standard hardware with Dlink Wireless card . Video and hardware problems just like the previous versions . At least this version would boot , but that was about it . No wireless support for the D-Link Cards . Open Office.org , do n't even get me started what a joke . I opened simple documents from MS Office nothing was compatable . Slow and unresponsive beyond belief . Same laptop has dual boot XP and Office 2003 outperforms this crap 50 times over . Do n't believe the anything you read from linux mags download the free version from NOVL and see for yourself this software is total crap . Whatever you do do n't pay for it . They will have to pay me to install it again after this disappointment .
 I am now typing at a friends computer thanks to Suse Linux 9.2 ... If you think this is better than Windows , do n't fall for it , they must be paid on here to write these bogus 5 star reviews . First off , I followed the instructions , then I proceeded to a machine that will not boot . When I try to reload windows it comes up to a blinking cursor on the screen . ARRGG!In the end I purchased Windows XP Home SP2 and had it professionally installed and it works perfectly . No for the rest of my data is long gone . Very bitter story and waste of money on this Linux rip-off .
 This has to be the worst software ever made , it locks up , causing me to have to hit the power button to get the machine to boot back up . Plus , there are NO multi-media applications to play content such as Windows media , no deal it does not work . Applications , no decent Office suites other than Open Office which is like using notepad in Windows.You can purchase Windows XP Professional OEM version for around $ 89 and not have to upgrade for years , with Suse Linux they want you to pay $ 90 + every 6 months or so , for ` FREE ' software you can download for free and install . Something is wrong here , paying for something that is free , come on folkes move along and have a clue.Linux has no support , has no life cycle , constant upgrading because the pervious 50 versions did not work . Do n't FALL for this scam , stay away from Suse .
 This is ALL free software , paying $ 90 + for it isa RIP-OFF ! Do your self a favor and just run Windows XP Professional , it works , has software applications and hasFUNCTIONALITY !
 I am now typing on a friends laptop after Suse Linux caused my machine NOT to boot up . It would not even display the screen on the monitor , the file system is now damaged from what a PC repair center informed me . It will cost me $ 80 to have it re-loaded with Windows XP Pro , by the way I purchased for $ 100 OEM off the internet!Trying to save money buy buying cheap bug filled software was an expensive $ $ $ mistake !
 I want to share my horry story brought on by Suse Linux 9.2 Professional . It states it will work on your machine , however not in my case . I now have a machine which is down , because Suse deleted my Windows partition , plus the computer will not even boot up now , it comes up with a blinking cursor saying missing operating system.When it does try to boot up it also gets a error in X-windows and crashes . I am so upset over this situation , I am going to purchase a new Dell with Windows XP Professional . Thinking of buyin Linux be careful it is not stable , the GUI crashes all over the place , then it deletes Windows . ARRGG !
 Although SUSE 9.2 appears to be a well designed product with many useful features , I 'm unable to get it to function as a DHCP client on my network , so I ca n't get onto the Internet or access any local network resources . There is perhaps some subtle tweak here that might get it to work but after spending an hour on the telephone with one of SUSE 's support staff neither he nor I was able to find it.After reviewing some of the posts on various Linux forums , networking problems appear to be common with this release . Similar problems were not experienced by posters with 9.1 . This is a pretty serious failing and I strongly recommend that you stay away from this product until these issues are resolved .
 I bought this software for my 5 yr . old son from MysticSoftware -LRB- a seller here on Amazon -RRB- . The seller states the software comes in a CD sleeve -LRB- which is true -RRB- , but the CD sleeve looked kinda old & used . Makes me wonder if this software really is new or if it was just cleaned up to make it look like new . Also , the directions are on the back of the CD sleeve . No paper work came with the software @ all . I just did n't get a good impression of the packaging & my instincts were right . I 've learned my lesson & I will not be ordering anything else again that does not come in a sealed , brand new box with the paper work.We ordered it on 6/4/10 & received it in the mail on 6/9/10 . While we are satisfied with the speedy delivery , we 're not satisfied with the software . My husband who builds computers , could not get this software to run . It kept giving him a sound error , saying the sound was not installed or is damaged . The weird thing about the installation process was that it would go to 40 % & jump to 90 % in about a second . It 's as if it skipped installing the sound files of the software altogether . We went to the DK website & found no support for it . We tried finding a patch for it online & nothing . We tried everything to try to make this software work & nothing worked . I am sending this back & requesting a refund immediately . We were really looking forward to playing this software . Unfortunately , for my son , we received a defective software & will not be able to even try it out . It just wo n't start . DO NOT waste your $ on this software . Save yourself the time & trouble .
 I bought this item for a personal business , believing I could create a simple but professional logo . Forget about it . Just a few templates , circles and brushes . On the net I found better tools for free ! . They have an expansion set , but after my experience I tend to believe it will not work . The company must care about its client , and sell a pack consisting of the Logo Creator , the expansion pack , the font pack and else .
 Unless you are computer literate as most people are , you will have a terrible time with thing . I could n't get past the first templates page . VERY frustrating for the novice , but who else is going to purchase it ? Professional people use their Corell software to design logos , not everyman . Reselling on Amazon CHEAP .
 This product claims compatibility with QB but does n't deliver . QB will not export data in a format acceptable to Checksoft ; Checksoft will not import data from QB . Tech support is a joke ... $ 25 for first 10 minutes ... forget it . I spent too many hours this week trying to get this to work and it just is n't worth it .
 After purchasing this product , I could n't get it to successfully install the font that is required to run the program . I uninstalled , rebooted , reinstalled until my patience ran out . I figured `` no big deal , you can always call customer support to get help . '' Then I found out you have to pay per minute to speak to customer support because as the company explained , `` tech support has not been figured into the price of the product . '' Well , not wanting to pay more money than I already have into this product , I went back to ordering my checks from the bank .
 This program has great features , but , on both of my macs -LRB- on OSX -RRB- they constantly crash . Tech support for 10 minutes costs a minimum of 24.95 and who knows if they have a fix . I did download their latest update V2 .0.3 from their website , but it did n't help.It 's really not usable , since it crashes when you try to save or print .
 I was disappointed with this software . I believe that it could help my son -LRB- age 3 1/2 -RRB- learn to tell time , if it could only keep his attention ! Compared to his other software programs , the graphics are simplistic , and there is only one task to do , over and over .
 bought it to work on macs . does not . please dont buy it if you have a mac .
 I have orderd this product twice , and both times it was shipped to me without the Progrm CD , and a data CD , which the manual states is included . VERY poor quality control on the part of Window 's on Wall Street . BEWARE .
 This software seems to be great but I WILL RETURN IT BACK TO AMAZONE.COM ! You might ask why ? the answer is so simple ! I can not use this software since non of my ISP support SMTP server address -LRB- YOU NEED SERVER SETUP-You can not use it as any other software on your computer -RRB- and what makes me feel bad that this basic requirement was not explained in product information and system requirement @ Amazone.com If you want to buy this product double check with your ISP and server administrator before you order it .
 I had to return this game to the seller , who by the way was very gracious . She sent me prepaid postage and promptly refunded my purchase price . My new computer would not recognize Oregon Trail , which is unfortunate .
 I received the game and it would n't instal on ANY of the computers -LRB- Desk or laptop -RRB- . I do n't recommend this at all .
 We also had problems with the game freezing . I do n't know much about the systems needed and such , but this did stop working altogether -LRB- I 'm guessing when we updated Windows -RRB- . Great game , just a let down when you 're all excited to play and it does n't work .
 I eventually got the CD to Install but Windows XP put up a fight ! . Tried to run but the side window where the lady gives the spanish sentences had no sound . Investigated and had all the . AVI files and they run individually . Gave up . Looks like it would be a great Spanish CD if you could get it to work . Assumed I would have no trouble . To me it has been frustrating and time consuming and now sits on the CD shelf gathering dust.A frustrated Mom and beginner in spanish
 This is such a boring game ! It does n't have too many clothes to choose from and not too many colors and designs ! If you want to buy a Barbie CD-ROM , buy Barbie Pet Rescue !
 This game is not really fun . The movies that you make are kinda like slide shows . You also do n't get many characters and the game only works on really old computers .
 This game is horrible . It rarely works , the scences stop , it locks up , the charecters go all weird - plus you certainly cannont make anything close to a sensible movie with this . You ca n't make the settings move , do cloeups , make charecters talk , or add any drama or action to your film . You ca n't make the charecters move in any way other than walking . If you want to make a reasonably good filmmaker that has no problems and you can make a anywhere near realistic film , this is NOT the game your looking for .
 I thought this game was ok . Just crossed my boarder line between bad and a little good . This game allows you to do all of the stories you want to create , but usuing barbie 's themes , characters and props and ... settings . Her features are quite complicated . I would give this game a 2 because some parts were really hard to under stand .
 i chose 2 stars because it will not tell me any where how to edit and then i can not make the movie i am very mad
 Save your money and go to the internet to get full text editions of any of these stories . While convenient to have in one place , I have easily found many of these texts on line . While you will hear a few poems rehersed , the selection is not half of what it should be . The multi-media section consists of only a few of the texts included in this software.The search engine is nice , it allows you to search by era , nationality , type , etc. . But this small bell and whistle is n't worth the price .
 When you first install the program , you must install it to a folders with less than 8 characters in length . -LRB- No C : \ Program Files \ LOTF4 -RRB- Tech support has no remedies and is of little help . Beyond that , the quantity of works is as promised , but for you to access anything , you must work with the terrible interface . Standard CTRL+C CTRL+X commands wo n't allow you to copy the text you want into an external program . -LRB- Of all of the fonts I have , I can only choose from 7 -RRB- You can only select as much as your screen displays and use an awkward Edit > Copy to Clipboard to get text into another program . When you finally read a text and are at the beginning or end of it , scrolling up or down will bring you to the previous or next text.I could have easily found all of the texts I wanted online , but opted to purchase this in hopes that I could access what I wanted in a relatively organized manner -- big mistake . I hope you do n't make the same mistake ...
 The Technical Assistance desk of AbleSoft says that this CD can not be installed on some computers . The Technical Assistance person I spoke with did not specify which computers have this problem or what the problem is . Since my computer is new , has plenty of RAM , and a large hard drive , the capacity of my computer is not the problem . If you have a Dell computer proceed with caution or you may end up having to pay for return shipping like I did .
 Intellisync for the Rex can only be installed after you install Truesync . This is in itself is not a problem except that the Rex 5 Pro now ships with TrueSync Plus 2.0 . Intellisync will only install over TrueSync 1.0 or 1.5 -LRB- a call to their helpful technical support confirmed this -RRB- . As such , I have been unable to install Intellisync and have therefore not found it to be a useful product .
 I read on the one of the Rex websites that Intellisync was better than the bundled TrueSync . Unfortunately , it wo n't install unless you have an old version of Truesync -LRB- you need to install Truesync before Intellisync -RRB- . Anyway , you need v1 .0 or v1 .5 of Truesync . The Rex appears to be bundled with v2 .0 . Therefore no go on the Intellisync install.Truesync does appear to work so far , so I 'm planning on sending Intellisync back and continue using Truesync .
 I was seeking Religious clipart for use in preparing Sunday School presentations using PowerPoint . The customer should have been told the age of this product . It appears to have been prepared about the time of Windows 3.1 , using Paint . The art was cartoon-type , of poor quality , and absolutely unusable . The software would not install in Vista ; I returned the product .
 The Intellisync does n't meet my expectations . I have one computer , two Visor Deluxe . Since the Handspring software does n't support Daytimer which one of us uses , I purchased the Intellisync software to use as conduit . But by installing it , it forces both users to use the software , therefore unabling ME to get my email through Outlook Express which the palm software DID allow me to do ! So , original objective of trying to get a program so second person could use to sync with theirs , and now first person ca n't ! And of course , bought at retail so ca n't return ! What you do n't know ... can come back at you ! And neither Handspring nor Puma can help me , and I ca n't return the software -LRB- programmers for both , are you listening ! -RRB-
 This product is a waste ... ! My mother bought it for me and I have n't been able to figure it out yet . It 's incredibly complicated and most of the files are missing ...
 My mom bought a copy of this game for my nephew 's birthday . We have not been able to run it and there are two VERY computer literate people in the family -LRB- not that installing software is very difficult these days -RRB- . When you install it , it says a file is missing . We ca n't find the file on the disk . We e-mailed the company over a month ago and have not gotten a response . We have tried to call the 800 number many times and there is no answer EVER . Do not buy this product unless you want to spend $ 34 . for nothing .
 I bought this to try to sync an outdated Sharp electronic organizer -LRB- OZ-9520 -RRB- . After much frustration , the folks at Puma finally admitted it would n't work , that Intellisync for electronic organizers only works for the OZ-650 and a few other organizers and that Intellimigrate -LRB- which comes with this software -RRB- allows you to transfer from an old Sharp organizer to one of the newer ones , but not to any other program . So , if you do n't have a newer Sharp electronic organizer , give this a miss . ... . Not a good buy .
 The software would not connect to my OZ-750 . It lacks supportfor the new OZ-730 / 750 Wizards . The OZ-730 / 750 devices are thereplacement devices for the supported , out of production , OZ-650PC , so I assumed that the software would support the follow-on products . After contacting IntelliSync and asking about future support for these new devices , I was told that there were NO plans to support these devices in the future . This is apparently a dead end product that will not be upgraded as new hardware is introduced . The only other product that will allow synchronization between the OZ-730 / 750 and MS Outlook and other PIMs is RuppLynx 6.0 ... and sells for $ 99.00 vs. $ 43.00 for the IntelliSync product . Too bad I had to spend the money on this product to find out about this incompatability . I now have totally worthless software . -LRB- It 's non-returnable if it 's opened ... :*-LRB- ... -RRB-
 I purchased this product and could not even install the program . One month later I still can not get an answer on how to solve the problem . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 If I had $ 1 for every time a CS2 app crashed and made expend real hours to redo work , I 'd have about $ 10 . And that 's enough for me to say , BEWARE of this set of applications ! Adobe has allowed them to get too bloated , too slow , and the results are that all the programs -LRB- but principally GoLive , InDesign and Illustrator , in that order -RRB- are crashy and will quite suddenly , forcing you to expend the precious hours of your life redoing work you just finished . I can not stress how disappointed I am in Adobe , and how distraught I am that we as a nation have allowed the only two competing companies to join , thus guaranteeing that there will be less quality and innovation in the future . In any event , do not buy the CS2 apps , Adobe does not deserve your support !
 Yeah , I know it 's the industry standard , and it 's powerful , and all that stuff . But , MY GOD , what a freaking PAIN to use . It 's just plain tedious to draw anything from scratch . While the interface in CS2 is an improvement , doing relatively simple drawings with primitive shapes and freehand curves still requires much more effort than it reasonably should . Frankly , I could draw better stuff faster with 1990 's - era Macintosh drawing programs . The drawing issues are compounded by the fact that -- in true Adobe spirit -- this program is incredibly bloated and slow . It 's slow doing EVERYTHING ... I 've never seen a program so slow starting up . And every time you save a file -LRB- even a tiny drawing with 10 shapes -RRB- you get a `` saving file '' progress bar for a few seconds . It 's also incredibly slow to shut down ... frequently taking about 30 seconds . I 'm running it on a Pentium M laptop , and I know this is not a `` graphics professional '' machine , but COME ON ! Let 's get the lead out ! I just get the sense that Adobe pays no attention whatsoever to efficiency or speed . That bugs me a lot .
 I bought this mainly to do backups on CD-RWs and have not tried out the music making , data disk creating capabilites , or other features to any great extent . I first tried using this to back up to CD-RWs . Although my drive is on their list of supported hardware I was never able to get this to successfully back-up to CD-RWs . I tried calling tech support and spent 40 minutes on hold even though I was told that `` there were no callers ahead of me in the queue '' the entire time . When I finally spoke to someone from tech support he was not very helpful and must have worked mostly on Novators other product lines and said that he personally `` had never burned a CD in his life . '' When you try to re-use a CD-RW the software has an option on it to enable it to automatically overwrite the older backup files with the new ones . Unfortunatly this option does not work -LRB- Novator even admitted this -RRB- . If you want to re-use a set of CD-RWs you have to erase -LRB- reformat -RRB- them all first which is a real pain . Unfortunatly this solution did not seem to work very well either . The product usually refused to use the CD-RWs that had been reformatted . -LRB- reformatting was done using the Novastor Instant CD Wizard -RRB- There is no user manual to speak of and the help files were not very helpful at all.I currently am backing up to CDRs only , and gave up trying to use CD-RWs with this product -LRB- I have been successful using CD-RWs with other products . -RRB- Using CDRs the product works fairly well although it occassionaly gives a cryptic error message in the middle of a backup and you end up with an unusable CD . It also has a tendency not to compress the data -LRB- sometimes -RRB- even though the compression option has been selected . You end uop using twice as many CDRs.Overall I can not recommend this product as a back-up tool . Perhaps later versions will improve .
