 I 've used Word Menu since it came out , and although it does what it says , it does little more . I did find it useful for taking my brain for a jog with related words and concepts , especially when you 're deep in other thoughts while writing . It serves a good purpose there -- but frankly so does a good thesaurus.Sadly , the publisher , Screenplay.com , fails when it comes to maintaining compatible versions with popular operating systems -- in particular Mac OS X Lion . From their own website : Last updated
 I would recommend this product for kids , middle school age maybe , but not for anyone looking for a real thesaurus to use with their computer . It will bring up a few interesting alternatives for any given word , but misses many of the most obvious ones . It 's not very useful .
 This software is garbage . After the install , it asks that you restart your system . Then when you click on the shortcut on the desktop after the restart , the whole machine goes black and the systems recovers from a `` serious error '' Needless to say it was unistalled immediately . Save your money and use an internet dictionary or thesaurus .
 This program was given away by The Writers Store as a free reward for purchasing another program.You get what you pay for , which in this case is less than zero.This piece of garbage appears to install , but when you try to load it , a message says that the software could not find the required user interface DLL -- please reinstall the software and try again . Try again , guess what happens.I asked the Writers Store if they could replace it with another free giveaway , but they refused , and suggested calling the software company , WriteBrothers . They were closed . And I 'm not going to bother calling back tomorrow.This appears to be a very old program , and I 'm running a Windows7 environment . At this point in the evolution of technology , if someone manufactures a product which does n't run properly in the current version of Windows , they should n't be selling it -- or even giving it away.Thanks , Writers Store , for a free giveaway which did nothing but waste my time . Next time I buy my merchandise from Amazon , where many of the products cost $ .01 more , but springing for that extra penny can make all the difference .
 The controls of this game are suspect at best . To click on an object you must find one specific spot on the item , which is n't very large , and is very difficult to find . Extremely frustrating for adults as well as children .
 Photo Album 6 seems fine as a program , but it automatically saves every photo as a Corel Photo Album 6 file . You can not save as a . jpg or . bmp . This means that if you need to send a photo to someone as a . jpg , you 're out of luck . A recipient who does n't own Photo Album 6 , may have problems working with the file . I have tried to get information from Corel on how to save photos as . jpg 's but they charge a $ 25 fee for technical support . I finally uninstalled the program , but all my photos are permanently Photo Album 6 files . They are pulling a sneaky way to hold your images hostage , so that you 'll always have to use Corel and pay for their upgrades . Shame .
 It 's to bad I ca n't give negative stars as this package certainly deserves them . This program is total garbage . A gargantuan waste of both time and money.Seemingly with every menu change , it recatalogues your entire photo collection , on ALL DRIVES , which takes HOURS -LRB- like 12 + -RRB- to accomplish . And , while it will scan and catalogue all of the drives on your computer , do n't even think about selecting a folder and expecting it to display the contents of that folder and all of it 's subfolders . Ai n't a gon na happen ... but is will happily go through and catalogue them again for you , but , of course , after waiting hours for the software to finish catalogueing , it does n't display the contents . No , that would be way to logical.After realizing that my computer had slowed to a crawl , I checked the memory usage and found that the Corel Photo Album 6 Deluxe was using 6 to 7 times higher than any other program running , and that includes Norton Internet Security , a notorious memory hog ! Guess we now know what the DELUXE part is!As far as I am concerned , Corel Photo Album 6 Deluxe is neither intuitive nor is it the `` Best of '' anything . It is a creeping , bloated dinosaur and a total waste of your hard earned money .
 I purchased this product new for my mom and sister-in-law with no grand expectations about what I had ordered . Imagine my surprise then when one of the products arrived in a re-used bubble envelope -LRB- folded inside-out with the previous customer 's name in the return address line -RRB- and the other in a regular USPS Priority Mail box . If this was the only issue , I would not have bothered writing a review but the CD itself came in an unmarked paper envelope without any packaging , leading me to wonder if this product was really new.I have come to expect better of Amazon and do not think the vendor and distributor should be showing a picture of a software package in promoting this item since what you see is not what you get.As for the merits of this product , the jury is still out but so far its seller and Amazon have left a bad first impression .
 I used a bundled package in a new laptop to create a photo album . When trial time expired , I purchase the full package . I could not open the existing album with the new software . The new full package is hard to use and the so called 1000 's of templates can not be found . USE SOMETHING ELSE !!! I even e-mailed Corel about this . Its been 4 days , I have NOT had a response.DO NOT BUY !!! I RATE THIS PRODUCE AS A -2 STARS .
 I do not like software . It always hang no matter what I did . Maybe this is becasue it has not finished the index process ? I had many many photos in my computer .
 Corel acquired Photo Album 6 from JASC and then promptly abandoned development , leaving a host of unresolved problems , ranging in severity from annoying to quite serious . Here are just a few examples :1 . The `` View/Sort Thumbnails '' setting is not remembered , i.e. , if you want to see thumbnails sorted by name , you must specify this every time you open the application .2 . Photo Album 6 settings sometimes get corrupted . Corel 's only solution for this is to open the `` Application Data '' folder for the current user and then delete the `` Corel Photo Album '' folder . This resets the database , which has several undesirable side effects , e.g. , all keywords and descriptions are lost , and the program forgets all favorite folder selections .3 . There is no good mechanism for transferring the database from one computer to another . In particular , there is no way to merge two databases together , i.e. , one database must overwrite the other .4 . There is no way to control the text size in menus . In particular , there is no way to increase the text size in the `` Favorite Folders '' or `` All Folders '' lists , a significant problem for users with poor vision.Given the length of time that has elapsed , it has become clear that these and hundreds of other problems with Photo Album will never be fixed.On top of all this , Corel technical support is surly and unhelpful.I am now looking for a suitable alternative to replace this application .
 I am very disappointed with this product . Using the features of it are very difficult -LRB- red eye , sizing , etc. -RRB- in addition , digital photos downloaded into Photo Album 6 are of poor quality/clarity on the computer screen . I expected more from it but have found I have less . I will not buy an upgrade but rather will look for another product with similar and more easy use features .
 Your state tax information is NOT on this CD . You might as well just go to the TaxCut website and download your state 's software because that 's all this CD does - that is , if the website even works for you . All I get is multiple system crashes and a malfunctioning shopping cart program . Very disappointing .
 This is probably the worst tax software I have every purchased . I 've been using TurboTax and TaxCut for years and this year I have had nothing but problems from the state program and the Federal.For one , there are `` fixes '' that wo n't download . Everytime I do , the program crashes during installation.I am hoping that I get a refund from Amazon for the $ 89 I spent on the TaxCut Complete for Home & Business -LRB- same problem by the way -RRB- and the 24.50 I spent on the state program.I 'm always going to purchase TurboTax from now on because the technical support at for this product blows . All they did was tell me the same stupid thing over and over again -LRB- in other words , they had no idea what to do ! -RRB- -LRB- $ 9.95 for calls to get tech support , is n't that nice ? -RRB-
 The problems with this program as well as all the others by H&R ; Block are too numerous to mention here , but take it from someone who learned the hard way , do n't waste your money on this product.I reported bugs in both the federal and state editions 3 years ago and they STILL have n't been corrected . One of which is the employer ID number allows for 14 characters but some employers have 15 or more . Another , if you go back and make a correction and forget to TELL the program to recalculate , everything that follows , including your taxs due or your refund amount will be incorrect . Is n't this what you pay for ? A program that ELIMINATES errors instead of creating them ? If you buy this product , DOUBLE CHECK EVERYTHING BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR RETURN .
 I 've been using TaxCut Deluxe and TaxCut State since the 2002 tax year but 2004 will be my last TaxCut year . Next year , I 'm switching back to TurboTax.The 2004 version has lots of bugs and the software has several mistakes that will mess up your tax refund.When printing my state return -LRB- MN -RRB- the program sends an erroneous command to the printer that caused it to lock up after the first page . I had to get the Adobe version on the MN forms and fill them in by hand so they could be printed . Also , the software keeps asking you to update when you 've already updated and there 's no new update available . You have to select `` Update Later '' to get around this bug . Very annoying ! -LSB- ... -RSB- If you 're thinking about buying TaxCut 2004 Deluxe or TaxCut 2004 State , do n't do it . Get TurboTax instead . TaxCut is not worth the money or the grief .
 ... otherwise , forget it - the golf game , Asteroids , and this edition of Myst are all incompatible with Windows 98 -LRB- despite what the box says -RRB- . I remember buying this soon after getting my first PC back in 2000 - by the time I 'd figured out it was the software and not the machine , the company was out of business/not responding/changed its phone # .
 I have been playing guitar for a couple of yers now , so I was looking to use this not for the the lessons -LRB- which seemed fine -RRB- but rather for the music writing party of it and the feature that helps learn a song looked pretty cool also . The price was cheap , and that should have set off the warning alarm . It came with no instructions , their webpage -LRB- which was almost all in German -RRB- had a very limited selection of songs to choose from and whats more , you had to pay in order to be able to download songs to learn . The jam room was practically impossible to use due to the fact that there were no instructions whatsoever , and within three days , this piece of junk was off my comp and sitting on a shelf , never to be released again.Folks , save your cash . Trust me , it 's not worth it . As I have learned , if you want to write your music , paper and pencil work much better than this does .
 After struggling with the unclear instructions , I finally deleted this program from my computer , and got something else . I was attracted by the low cost , but this is simply a lousy program . Not at all intuitive.I 've since learned of other programs that are just as inexpensive , but much more user-friendly . Try CODA 's `` PrintMusic ! '' or Notation Technolgies ' `` Play Music . '' They each have websites that can download demos to help you make a choice .
 Even the little amount of money paid for this software I consider a waste . It is quicker and easier to simply notate your music on a sheet of paper , and in addition to this it is very limited in terms of what you can and can not do . Take my advice
 Maybe I have n't been persistent enough , but I found this program nearly unusable . On-screen symbols are not immediately obvious , and the manual often makes no sense at all .
 This program is THE most user UNfriendly software I 've ever seen . The manual was essentially worthless and skipped many important basic points . The tutorial was un-doable . I eventually tossed it aside in frustration and tried to go it alone with the menus . However , the menus are not intuitive and few buttons have mouseovers to tell you what the icons -LRB- some undecipherable -RRB- mean . This is an exercise in sheer frustration . Old-fashioned pencil and paper beat this program any day . Save your money .
 This software only allows one note duration to be displayed per line at any point in the music ! If you enter an eighth note and a half note at the same spot , it shows both as an eighth note ! The picture on the front is very misleading - the music sample they have shows a half note and quarter notes at the same point and you ca n't enter it that way . -LRB- It plays OK but does n't look right at all ! -RRB- Totally useless for entering music for printing . It only gets one star because there 's no such thing as a zero star .
 I could not even complete installation . There security scheme would not allow me to run on XP . After registering at the ` support ' site , I had to email them . They emailed a ` fix ' that required elaborate data entry and reading codes of the rim of the CD . After all that hassle , just a message that the ` unlock request had been submittewd ' and then nothing . I ca n't believe that I wasted the money and several hours on what is no more than garbage . The one positive factor was that i got a laugh out of their Sgt Shultz attempts at english on the support site .
 My wife and I have spent the last four days attempting to understand and use Peachtree First Accounting for our small business . This is a very difficult piece of software to learn and use and I would strongly suggest you save your money and try something different.We are now preparing to order a different software package and will be selling Peachtree to someone who perhaps has a degree in accounting .
 This software brings new and vast demensions to the concept `` user unfriendly . '' It is unbelieveably difficult to use . Just try to set up a simple account and enter data ... it 's impossible for us non-Ph . D. in accounting people . But there is help -- you can call for support for hundreds of extra dollars . Or you can read the book that came with the program . It will help you learn how to open and minimze the little windows . A really , really big mistake to buy .
 These games are simply too advanced for smaller girls.For instance , one of the CDs is a Barbie Movie Studio . The child is to first enter casting , then wardrobe to dress the character . Once she has done that , she is to enter the scene editor where she constructs a story . Next , it is off to editing where she is to crop and splice certain scenes to construct her move.Ages 4-9 ?? No , I do n't think so.The rest of them simply are n't much better.I can see where it might be fun for older girls with advanced reading/critical thinking skills . For your preschooler or first/second grader , it is a complete waste of money .
 There 's nothing really educational here . You control a character to jump on platforms to collect numbers and other objects . Visit the Sesame Street website for better and more educational games.None of the characters speak as far as I can remember.This was a disappointment and a wasted opportunity to use the cute characters for something educational .
 I bought 2 of these cd roms and can not get either one up and running -- which could be a problem with my computer granted . But I do have all of the components that they claim are neccessary to run their disc . However , I contacted the company 's tech support twice and am not getting any replies . Hence for me , this has been a total waste of money !!!
 I would n't give this product 1 star , but had to rate it in order to comment . I bought this for my daughter thinking she could use it at her leisure on her laptop . We could n't install it even though we had all the requirements on her computer . Do n't buy this product , it does n't work .
 NOT VISTA COMPATIBLEI should have read the reviews.They will take it back , less a $ 4.50 restocking fee , I have to take Amazon credit . Oh well , I could have been out more $ .
 I have a windows 2000 professional that has been upgraded to a XP PROFESSIONAL . The files are not compatible with this software .
 I tried to run this on my mac book pro , and all I have to say is that it is time to give up on windows xp when considering OEM unless you can get a the most recent version . I mean this thing was so out of date that it mentioned floppy disks , dial up , and other things that do not apply to most computers today . If you even try to put this on boot camp , it will not even pick up a wireless signal . IT IS USELESS AS OF 2011 ... unless you are a computer wiz who gets off on stuff like that .
 This product was an OEM copy of Windows XP that would not install on my IMac . I think that it needs to see a computer made by Tiger Software to install .
 This was supposed to be a builders disc but the info on it was corrupted or incomplete because it would not load and the message was `` missing files '' unable to proceed may corrupt etc. .
 This item is useless to me . I purchased it to install Windows XP on my new iMac using VmWare with Mac OS-X . It came without an activation code required by Microsoft , so it could not be installed . Tiger Direct refused to do anything about this and Amazon would only refund my money plus a small promotional certificate.This does not begin to compensate me for the trouble and delays in making full use of my computer .
 I bought this software expecting to install it with no problem on my MacBook like others here have claimed . The package did n't include the Certificate of Authenticity -LRB- COA -RRB- , so I called the retailer ... they told me to contact Microsoft . So , Ted at Microsoft tells me that this is pirated software since it only costs $ 89 . So , either Microsoft is completely nuts -LRB- probably true -RRB- or this software that Amazon and others are trying to sell is illegal.UPDATE
 Typically , I would prefer to stay with one of the more common and tested versions of the product than take my chances here .
 ATTENTION
 The Builders Version does not have a second SP2 disk even though it seems to be required for the installation . Some buyers were able to get it to install by removing and reinserting the single disk but I was not . Check on the web about installation problems due to missing . dll files before you buy this version .
 I have found Media Center Edition to be quite unstable relative to XP home or Pro . Why , I do n't know but two computers I have purchased with it are extrememly unstable and have to be reinstalled every 6 months . Avoid this OS like the plague ! Literally !!!
 This product is provides a horrible experience . Microsoft ca n't activate a their software - what ? You mean after you buy this software you have to divulge more personal information to actually use the product . You bet ya . But it gets better . What happens when Microsoft ca n't give you the activation code to the OEM product ? They send you to the `` manufacture '' guess what you bought this OEM software without a PC ? You 're outta luck . your cd 's are useless . Hopefully you 'll never get to this point but you are dealing with Microsoft . Maybe the supplier you 're buying from will help you . Mine did n't . Good luck !
 I really think this product deserves no stars at all , but 1 star is the lowest so ... whatever . Anyway , buyers , I STRONGLY recommend you to not even look at windows XP MCE , because it 's a HUGE piece of junk that microsoft has ever made . ok , so when I built my own computer and installed windows xp media center edition , i found out that whenever i watched a video clip and exit it out or minimize it when I finished watching it , it would just completely freeze or stop ... the computer would n't do a thing . it 's not just that , if i try to watch a video clip in whatever folder i have it saved on , it would just close out the folder I was at , and give out a message that says `` Dr Watson debugger this and that . . '' simply saying that there is a bug in the folder and i ca n't navigate around it . so I could n't even watch a video clip in that folder.It 's not just that , and I faced many other problems that I would end up filling the entire page listing every problems I had using winxp MCE ... so buyers , I 100 % guarantee that if you buy winxp mce , you 'll probably have one of the biggest regret in your life after using it ...
 well , this xp mce software comes w / a form for free upgrade to Windows Vista Home Premium , but the expire date was 3/31/2007 . so if u buy it , you 'll get excited , but not satisfied , for Vista upgrade option . So , this product is out of date , thus , overpriced , and not recommened .
 This is a long review , but it is worth reading to save your money and your sanity.If you search by title in Amazon , you get 3 separate listings for the same software package ... perhaps one is an updated version . But I bought this in May 2007 and updated to the most current version online . The editing part is fine
 The install went good , I burnt a couple CD 's and all is well until I tried to make a slide show in DVD builder . After working a couple minutes the program locked up , losing my work and making me reboot . I went thru that many times . After doing all updates on the PC video drivers , sound card and every other thing I could possibly update I tried to call tech support . What a joke.After three tries being on hold over 45 minutes and then loosing the connection each time I tried e-mail mailing , never did get a response back . Went to the support web sights and I see I 'm not the only one that has been having problems.Finally after a week of frustration and my deadline only a week away I ordered Pro Show Gold which is only a DVD builder but what a pleasure to use , not a single problem and is so user friendly.Next I 'm going to order Nero , read many good reviews on that software.This softeware may be alright if you had some support to get you up and running .
 Have had this for about a year . Made one dvd movie . Have had nothing but problems , C + + errors etc. . Roxio support gives me the same fixes over and over . Nothing worked , Very frustrating , very poor customer support . This error is very common and they do n't seem to care
 The images -LRB- templates -RRB- in this program are terrible . Some do n't render correctly when I open them . Some are only partially there.The program overall , however , has potential . Not a bad interface , -LRB- but on my 800x600 monitor settings , I ca n't get it to work properly -RRB- . - but an interface does not make a product . They claim 200 templates , but I can get these kind of `` templates '' from any clip art library.A bit disapointed with this product .
 When a product mysteriously has 6 reviews all from April 5 and 6 , all written in the same style , with the same exclamation points everywhere , the usual marketing superlatives like `` fantastic '' , `` amazing '' , etc. , the entire rating system becomes corrupted for legitimate users and legitimate reviews . Marketing people will need to learn to let actual USERS review products .
 One of the absolute worst software graphic packages I have ever used . Glaring typos on the interfaces , buggy , screen freezes , can not make gifs , when you close then open a project your graphics show up mis-aligned , it double-saves -LRB- i.e. one copy and then a sub folder with another copy ?? -RRB- . If you are trying to use transparent backgrounds you are in for more surprises ... For instance , the transparency background will appear white after closing and opening and you will have to start again.Cut and paste does not work , updates do practically nothing , etc. etc. etc. . I would love to sell this back to the company and also charge them for all my wasted time . Go to GIMP or find some other product . Knowing what I know now after using it I would NEVER have bought Logo Design Studio . Totally lousy product .
 I admit I am a newbie at graphics programs , but I have not been able to do even basic text editing with this one.I have been struggling for weeks just to get some decent-looking text onto the canvas . The controls are mystifying , the `` manual '' is a thin little brochure and the online support has still not responded to me after 10 days and 2 e-mails . I really wasted my money and will have to find a new program now .
 Will Amazon allow an accurate , negative report of a product which has been bought by a bona-fide consumer ? Let 's see shall we.This piece of software is terrible . It is painfully slow -LRB- even on a Mac 2 x 2.5 ghz dual intel with 3.5 gig of RAM -RRB- - it has amateurish preset graphics , the library of images is tiny , it is difficult to preview effects , drawing is massively limited , and it has NO UNDO FEATURE . This means that if you make a mistake , and accidentally delete a design or part of a design that you may have spent hours on , there is no way of getting it back . If it does have a -LRB- well-hidden -RRB- undo feature either on the Mac or PC , then please let me know.I might upgrade my rating to two stars .
 I have this company 's Logo Design Studio 3.0 and have found it to be completely useless , even for the simple job i purchased it for . I have spent frustrating hours with a confusing interface creating a simple logo , saved it , and returned to find the logo completely corrupted and unsalvageable . Even if you try to use their preloaded logos , the same thing happens . I have tried this on 3 different PCs with both Vista and XP OS and have gotten the same results . I have tossed this garbage in the trash and am now in search of a reputable software company who makes a simple and workable logo program .
 I admit that I 'm a rookie at this , but stay far away from this product . It 's 375mb of junk.No-refunds . No Support , No contact number ... check their website .
 What an absolute waste of time . Totally lacking in user friendly tools . Class A crap . I paid for it . At least if i `` d bought the disk , it might have been useful as a christmas tree decoration .
 Too bad this is such rubbish.I have purchased a few of these logo making tools.This one is not the one I am going to keep . - Steve .
 If you order a cheap , poorly-reviewed , crappy piece of software , you get cheap , poorly-reviewed , crappy logo designs . Do n't waste your money . Save up for the Adobe Design Suite or , hey , pay a designer to make your logo for you.So bad , it might bend the space/time continuum .
 I wanted to try out this new product.I gave Summitsoft my order -LRB- and credit card -RRB- and waited patiently for them to reply and send me the software ! I 've now waited almost 2 weeks . NO reply at all . Very frustrating . Makes me think they 're a bit of a cheez company.Whatever this new product is , they 're not doing a very good job with their first impression.-D
 I did n't actually purchase this software , but rather used it on a friends computer , and I must say this is certainly one of the cheaper -LSB- read
 Is n't it a shame that there is no way to stop these people posting positive reviews on their own crap . I , myself , would urge you to stay well away .
 I would have liked to have had more reliable reviews here . It 's pretty clear from looking around that most of the `` reviews '' here are not impartial and are just hype.Consequently , I wo n't be buying this product .
 Well the old Humongous Entertainment games , the ones before Atari took them over , took 0 MB , lets say that out loud , ZERO MegaBytes of space on your hard drive . This takes 600MB on your hard drive alone . In addition it is a memory hog !!! 256MB of RAM just for itself , so if you run a bunch of things in the background , like most of us do , Anti-virus , firewalls , any update program , Etc. . . and you do n't have gobs of memory to just give to the 3 year to 8 old who might use this program , forget it.I am so , so very disappointed with Atari !!! Their first attempt was with Pajama Sam -LRB- # 4 -RRB- Life Rough When You Lose Your Stuff . I bought this when it first came out thinking it was one of the great humongous entertainment new games , little did I know . I tried to install it on my sons system and it totally froze up , then I actually read the product specs . It looked like my son 's computer had the minimum but the program did n't like his computer.I had several computers at the time and tried it on another which rejected it also . I then decided to put it on my main computer , this is what it worked with , which was the fastest and largest in the house at the time . It did install and worked but took the majority of my memory at the time . The voice was no longer the cute voice of Pajama Sam but a deeper more mature voice . I could probably get over the new voice if I did n't have to use the best computer in the house to get it to work . Truly I did n't play out the game nor did my son since it was on my computer . So I can not say if it is fun or not but I can be almost certain that it is changed , not the same old Putt-Putt or Pajama Sam.I am now re-ordering the old Putt-Putt , Freddi Fish , and Pajama Sam , that I have lost misplaced or given away , for my youngest . They are wonderful !! Some of the Putt-Putt 's are so old that the quality is a bit rough , like Putt-Putt goes to the moon.The before Atari games are -- Putt-Puttgoes to the moonjoins the paradetravels through Timejoins the circusenters the racesave the zooFreddi Fish-The case ofThe Missing Kelp SeedThe Haunted School HouseThe Stolen Conch ShellThe Hogfish Hustlers of Briny GulchThe Creature of Coral CovePajama SamNo Need To Hide When It Is Dark OutsideThunder and Lightening Are n't So FrighteningYou Are What You Eat From Your Head To Your FeetBackyard-BaseballSoccerFootball -LSB- I 'm not sure of BasketBall or Hockey I think they are OK -RSB- Spy Fox -LRB- visually not as nice , but a little harder for older kids -RRB- Dry CerealSome Assembly RequiredOperation OzoneIf your child is young and you want some nice games they can just slip into the drive and play , get the old ones . They are wonderful , entertaining and educational . The kids have to figure things out and put things together all the while they travel through a great environment .
 I bought this game for my almost 2.5 year old daughter . She has other preschool and pre-k games that she really enjoys and can use independently . I thought I would try this game because she likes the show Blue 's Clues . WOW , were we ever disappointed . First of all , the narration on every section just goes on and on and on . You ca n't stop the narration and you ca n't play until it ends . Second the setup of the game town to walk through is pretty boring and unappealing to my daughter . Third , she was not very interested in any of the little classrooms . Fourth , there are only five different stations to visit which offers little variation . Fifth , every other game she has has some little thing happen when you complete a task correctly . There are barely any things on this game like that . For example in the grocery store salt and pepper tell you to get ingrediendts for a pie , so my daughter goes and collects all of them and what happens once she does . Nothing they just tell her to start collecting to make something else . She would of been so excited to have seen a little pie being made with all the ingredients . Without that , collecting the ingredients seemed rather pointless to her.I ca n't really say how this game would appeal to older children , but my daughter literally hates it and she loves other jumpstart and reader rabbit preschool and pre-k games .
 This was an awful program . This was the first program I purchased for my children , and honestly I was wondering if they 'd ever want to use the computer again.There is very little to interact with here . Half the playtime is simply watching the blues clues people go about their business and talk to the screen like on the show . Except when a kid is sitting in front of the computer , they 're not too happy about just watching a TV show . They want to DO something . In addition , the program itself has a pretty dreadful UI - it relies on the kid really knowing how computers generally work . For example , you can click on a house to enter it and play a game , but you can only click on a big house in the foreground , the background houses just blow smoke . Plus , you only see two houses at once , and have to put the mouse to the edge of the screen and click to see the next two houses . While this is n't a horrible rare feature in a video game , it 's a little much for what could be a child 's first computer program .
 This is really old.It is a worth to have as a collection.I think kids in this generation will be amazed by this software . You wo n't see anything old like this .
 I bought this , hoping it would have some fun math and reading games for my child , but it was so boring . It had this horrible voice repeating the instructions over and over again before you could play . Even a child with angelic patience would n't want to sit through that every time . It now sits in our house , never used ... more clutter .
 What a HUGE disappointment . I was looking for an alternative to the Summer Bridge books for my 8 year old son to finish out the summer and thought that , since computer time is prized at our house , he 'd be motivated by CD-ROMs . After only an hour and a half with these CDs , we 're both perplexed and annoyed .1 -RRB- Installation
 It is -LRB- supposed -RRB- for kids of 6-12 but my 8 year old -LRB- 2nd grade -RRB- was very fruntrated to find the right questions/materials for her . There are no clear indications on 13 DVDs . Also , the DVD quality is very bad . Two of the DVDs could not be read at all from my new dell PC -LRB- maybe my cd-rom drive is not good enough but I never had problem to read other DVDs -RRB- . BTW , I bought mine from Cotsco wholesale store .
 I ran out , last minute , to buy this for my children -LRB- ages 6 & 8 -RRB- , with hopes of educating them with activities . I can not get the disks to install . My computer is brand new and meets all the system requirements . If I can still return this , I will . I am trying to save money on tutors , and I am only wasting my time trying to get this to install . Well , looking at the box , is n't very educating ! I also thought , if this is supposed to be a product to educate children , why is there a `` typo '' on the subject heading of of the installation instructions.This product could be a great thing , if I get it to work.I am gon na go retro with this one , good old fashion workbooks .
 Unless your middle school child ca n't spell bread , eggs and cheese and ca n't match them to pictures , dont get his DVD package . I got this for my child to practice his composition skills , but the program does not present organized exercises and clutters information in the form of mediocre graphics . The online support is ridiculous and adds nothing to the learning experience.It comes with a picture dictionary ... something a middle school student does not need . My son uses a normal dictionary for reference.The only redeeming feature in this collection are the DVD pseudo-documentaries and almanac . For 45 dollars though , it 's a rip-off . There are better pencil & paper workbooks available in bookstores . This collection is presented in a deceptively organized package but is actually a collection of second-rate software .
 Thank goodness I did not pay very much money for this because it was nothing that it claimed it would be . It claimed to have subjects that your child would go to and learn but my kids could never even find the lessons on the CD ROMS ! Basically they are just math games . It would be nice if you could pick what you wanted to play but you cant eve do that !
 My parents found this product at a store and paid a single dollar for it , so I was n't expecting much . Unfortunately , I was right.The box obviously has nothing but praise for the product , of course . It 's the `` leading-edge suite '' , `` uniquely diverse '' and -LRB- get this -RRB- the `` zenith of self-paced instruction on CD-ROM '' . Of course , they back up these claims with absolutely nothing and hope you 'll take their word for it.We did n't use all the CD-ROMs in this set , simply because we grew tired of the ones we had tried and decided not to bother with the rest . So far , we 've seen : - A computer dictionary that requires a serial number that was n't included - A multilingual picture dictionary with a few very simple activities - OK , but wo n't last you long - The 2006 World Almanac -LRB- seems kinda random -RRB- - A product for very young elementary schoolers with activities which are both academically basic and frustrating in design - definitely NOT for middle school , more likely for kids who just learned how to read ! - A very simplistic spelling program with a few rather uninteresting games - What is essentially a computerized book of Composition tips with online features both few and basic - A surprisingly decent touch-typing program which , while rich in tutorials and fine in animation , has very poor and frustrating supplemental games , and thus is only for those who are interested in tutorials and typing tests -LRB- which you get on practically EVERY typing program -RRB- I 'm not impressed enough to investigate the other stuff included . Yes , it 's cheap , but considering the content , it 's not a bargain . They 've done what so many others have done ... created a huge compilation of programs , randomly assembled , in the hopes that people would buy it , thinking `` Well , there must be SOMEthing worthwhile in this 11-disc set ! '' But from what I 've seen , this one contains very little of that `` SOMEthing '' . Signed , StoryMaker . `` Got ta trust the kid 's review ! ''
 Two tries to install via disc on a MAC and PC and two tries to download from site . All failed . Help .
 Watch out for these crooks at SmartPhoneTools . I purchased SmartPhoneTools for my Treo 600 . 18 months later I upgraded to a Treo 650 . I deleted all software off of the 600 and attempted to load to 650 , it did not work -LRB- The tool package is tied to the ESN of the phone -RRB- . I was told I had to buy another copy so I plunked down the second $ 20 and purchased a new copy . My Treo 650 failed and was replaced by Cingular with a new phone at the local Cingular store . As the ESN now changed , I went back to SmartPhoneTools.treobits.com and asked for replacement . They steadfastly refused and said I had to buy a new copy ! Is this any way to run a business ?
 I was very dissapointed with this product . It is not much in it , except a nice interface . I expected much more information and practice exercises . At first , I was going to buy `` American Accent Training '' book , but decided to try this CD-ROM . Now I regret that I spent 30 dollars on it and it did not worth that at all .
 This item is a budget version from 1997 . It only contains the original 800x600 program .
 I purchased this device and ended up having to return it for a refund . Only after I installed it did I discover it does not work on systems with dual monitors . That 's pretty surprising given the prevalence of 2-monitor systems these days , especially among the graphics community who would be most interested in a monitor calibrator . Worse , it would not even work on the primary display of my system . The answers I got from ColorVision customer support were inaccurate , the things they suggested to try did not work , and they finally said it 's not their problem ColorPlus would n't recognize my primary display ; it 's Windows ' fault for not supporting dual monitors . Hmm , then how come so many vendors ' products work on dual monitor Windows systems , ColorVision ? Could it be that they programmed their applications to work on them and you did n't ? I would avoid ColorVision 's ColorPlus , and any offerings from a company that fails to disclose such significant product limitations under System Requirements .
 I could not get this to work on any of my 3 computers . Would not finish the measurements and gave various error messages before shutting down . Even my computer tech could not get it to work . No answer at phone number given for manufacturer . I would not recommend this system !
 Just installed this on Windows XP today . It seemed to install & run , but when it finished going through its rather lengthy procedure -LRB- colors changing on monitor white/black/R , G , B -RRB- I received a runtime error with report to send to Microsoft . Tried restarting / unplugging / etc. but still does n't work . Their web site had no real useful info on debugging or common error info . It also states they 're closed until the first of the year , so we 'll have to wait a week + to see if it really works ; I 'll pass on giving my final rating for now .
 At first , this product seems to work really well . It has many options and setting to get the exact information you want . However , if you really want to use it to monitor computer activity , it falls short . If you have it on a computer with more than one display , it only gets the primary one . It records only outgoing keystrokes for most chat application -LRB- except the main ones like MSN and Yahoo -RRB- . The playback is difficult to use , jumps around , and turns out to be of little actual value as it usually missing the needed view . It also appears to cause a hit on system performance and definitely requires a lot of disk space . eBlaster is a better application ; however , it too can be fooled pretty easily .
 I bought the Spectorsoft Spector Pro 5.0 and installed it on three computers in my home . No where on the box did it indicate a license restriction . In less than a week I received an e-mail from Louis@spectorsoft.com that I would have to pay them another $ 139.00 or they would disable the software on all computers I installed it on . Since I paid $ 100 for the product and was not going to be forced to purchase more licenses , I removed all copies and asked them for a refund . They said I had 72 hours and would not refund the product after that . They conveniently waited for that period to expire before telling me that I had the product installed on more than one computer . Hence , I am out $ 100 and have no program . This program allows you to spy on people but you are the one being spied on by Spectorsoft . Also do n't let them fool you into thinking you also need Eblaster , a different name for virtually the same product . You 'll be spied on and robbed too ! Spectorsoft is unethical .
 Generally speaking , to get the best performance from any operating system a clean install of a full version is recommended . The best choice is to choose a full version of the product and enjoy the benefits of not being left with artifacts and leftover 's of your previous operating system which can lead to instability in certain cases . I would only buy this on a limited budget .
 I do n't see any reason to go with Windows ME . A lot of games that run fine with Windows 98SE do n't run in Windows ME.Windows ME no longer has security updates . You ca n't get an updated firewall with ME . I would n't go on the internet with a computer running ME.Windows XP is the best choice for installation on older machines that did n't come with it .
 I have used WebRoot 's SpySweeper for years . Mostly , to catch and remove spyware . This continued up to version 6 . Then , running it , I was informed that there 's a new version 7 . Having previously trusted SpySweeper , I updated both my computers at the same time.Bad mistake !!! What got installed was a new program that just grabbed control of my computer and started running stuff . Previous versions allowed me to precisely control what it should do . This new one has no options , no way to stop it , no way to uninstall it . It got both computers -LRB- XP Pro SP3 -RRB- into a state where the only thing I could do was a total disk reload from a months-old Acronis backup.Lost more than a day of work restoring the machines , and lost months of data . This was a disaster .
 Shadoan , the sequel to Thayer 's Quest , was once considered revolutionary . This game , brought to you by Rick Dyer of Dragon 's Lair fame , tries to put you in control of an unlikely hero presented with the task of saving the fantasy world of Shadoan.The opening animation is decent , though not as good as the Don Bluth Studios work done on Dragon 's Lair and Space Ace . You are somewhat introduced to the basic characters and what you are supposed to accomplish , though details are sketchy . Unfortunately , the extremely vague quest is partnered with poorly written directions , abysmal control and unspecified objectives . Aside from that , the game is lacking the linear qualities of previous games . I found myself dying and restarting in an area I had never been to , with no hint as to what I needed to do next.Aside from all this , your frustrations are not appeased by the manual -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- , nor the ` walk-through ' booklet . For the latter , they reveal to you the final few moves in the game , not a complete run down of everything you can do . With so many other titles produced by Digital Liesure , including the acclaimed Dragon 's Lair , it is unthinkable to purchase this product . Unless you are collecting the series of DVD games -LRB- Dragon 's Lair , Dragon 's Lair 2
 Unless you enjoy clicking aimlessly going left , right , back and forth , do not bother with this game / DTS disc . It really is terrible ! I really wish I had n't bothered ordering it . If you 're after good DTS DVD 's , there are plenty of others to loook at ...
 do n't waste your money on this junk . . trust me , I made that mistake .
 After using Garmin 's US Roads and Recreation software , I expected more from this one than I got . Quite a bit of the information is already available in Roads and Rec. , and U. S. waterways does n't have that much more . It misses many boat launch sites in CT , does n't show many other features as described in the earlier review , and does n't show major marine features such as natural and artificial reefs . I think Garmin coud have done a much better job with the space on the CD .
 There was a time when Paint Shop Pro was one of the quickest image editing programs around . The price was very easy on the wallet and the software ran wel on minimum systems . What has happened ? Corel bought the JASC product . It is now on version 10 -LRB- X -RRB- and has all the Corel bagage to go with it . Do n't buy the upgrade version . I purchase a brand new computer , installed the upgrade version and found it does n't verify the prefvious version CD in a drive . You must fully install version 9 in order to install verion 10 . The product is supposed to be faster and cleaner than the last version . Photo Impact in all it 's glory is faster ! Did I mention the price continues to rise with the Corel name ? They send more email , surveys , and ads than Microsoft . They have terrible customer service and support . I contacted them 3 times for support . I sat on hold for 20 minutes , then was transfered to wait some more . I tried email , and their web site . Having been a JASC user for years , I was used to a far better quality of service . Overall my experience with PSP x and Corel has not been good . This will be my last version of PSP . PSP was a great alternative for someone who could afford PhotoShop . Soon PSP will cost as much , for a whole lot less , from a company that make Serif look like Adobe . The era has ended for PSP , back around version 8 . It 's a sad day for those who remember JASC , Shareware , and Paint Shop Pro.I have to give the product a 2 . I would give Corel a 0 .
 If you 're seeking an outstanding and economically priced graphics editor that competes on many levels for Adobe 's hugely more expensive Photoshop , search for V8 of Jasc Paint Shop Pro -- its a great buy . Whatever you do , avoid this Corel version of what was a masterful product . As a veteran user of Jasc 's Paint Shop Pro , I purchased Corel Paint Shop Pro X . It is an understatement to say I am disappointed and feel betrayed by the horrendous modifications made to the product by Corel . Corel has managed to morph Jasc 's sleek , effective , intelligently implemented , high productivity tool into yet another of the many bloated , unreliable `` all in one '' software products on the market that do nothing well and lock up your computer in the process . On my dual-processor high performance P4 system , Corel 's X version takes 30 seconds just to load !!! Bottom line ? Get Jasc 's PSP Version 8 . It is and will always be a terrific graphics editor that you will be happy with . Do n't waste you money on Corel 's travesty ; it is guaranteed to disappoint .
 This is the first edition of PSP that has come out under the Corel banner , and I already have one HUGE problem with it . The most simple color adjustment , where you can simply change the overall amount of red , green and blue , is gone . Instead , you have to go with the MUCH more cumbersome `` Color Balance '' tool , wherein you have three sliders , one for Cyan to Red , one for Magenta to Green , and one for Yellow to Blue . The problem is that you have to make separate adjustments for each tone ... shadow , midtone , or highlight . In other words , when you change the color of the midtones , you are NOT changing the shadows or highlights . That 's two more steps . Sound complicated ? It is , and it is n't a very easy tool to use and so far I have not gotten anywhere near the results I have been after.On the next update , Corel should put this handy feature back . Otherwise , stick with PSP 9 ... a great JASC product . I have a feeling I 'm going to miss those guys .
 I have been a regular user of JASC Paintshop Pro , and this first release under Corel whetted my interest because it boasted an improved interface and supposedly runs 50 % faster.This software only works under W2K and XP , those running on W98 and WmE can not use it.The manual has shrunk to a fraction of its former size . My JASC manual is huge , Corel 's whole X manual is not much bigger than Jasc 's Guide so better plan on buying a Dummies book to make the best of X.I found the new interface to be confusing rather than helpful , and functional improvements over Jasc 's PSP9 seem few and far between.Corel missed the mark , but Amazon has JASC 's Paintshop Pro 9 on sale for $ 50 with Free Shipping and a $ 30 rebate . For $ 20 you get software that works on almost every PC .
 I was extremely disappointed with PSP X. I 've been using PSP for a long time , but for the first time , am incredibly disappointed . PSP X lacks MANY of the features I 'd come to love in PSP 8 . The brower is bothersome . I liked to keep my browser open but minimized . Ca n't do this with PSP X . The `` one-step photo fix '' is horrible ! I found myself going back to PSP 8 for photo fixing , but guess what ... the files are n't downward compatible ! Even tho ' they are both labled * . pspimage . How annoying ! PSP X has built-in effects.On the positive side , I do like the PSP X layer palette better . and there are some nice new tubes , and maybe some new frames . And ability to filter tubes , textures & patterns is nice . But these in no way make up for what you give up.The bottom line is that I 'm now looking at investing in Photoshop .
 Just finished downloading Paintshop Pro X. Corel seriously killed a versatile and handy tool . I get the impression they have tried to clone it into CorelDraw without making it too obvious.The only thing I have been able to do so far is open an image and zoom in and out . The browser is pathetic compared to the PSPro 9 . One example
 I 've used PSP since it hit the market . PSP9 took forever to load and , aside from networking facilities , offered no advantage over PSP8 - I deleted it . PSP X loads faster than PSP9 but the user interfaces are drastically changed with no significant improvement - and the Browse Folder facility , which I use extensively with large volumes , is completely BROKEN . There 's a `` Hide Browser '' feature that 's so slow it 's useless , and even with it turned off , images come up BEHIND the browser -LRB- ! -RRB- Ooftah !! I 'm going to delete PSP X , too .
 I first started using PSP with version 2 . I 've happily used versions 3 , 5 , and 7 as they came out . I tried the demo of version 8 , which was okay , but since version 9 was due to be released , I waited . Currently , I have version 7 and 9 on my WinXP machine . Version 9 has a few nice things to offer for photo editting that are not available in 7 , but since 7 loads so much faster and is -LRB- for me -RRB- so much easier to use , I hardly ever boot up version 9 . As for 10 ... well , I must echo the lament of several other reviewers . JASC had a great product . . and Corel seems bent on turnng it into a POS that is n't much more useful than the photo software that comes with most good digital cameras . Most of what I do is graphic design related , with some photo editting . . but not much . If you are really into doing creative things with digital photgraphs I think that Photoshop is the way to go , based on the amount of reference materials that are available -LRB- mainly because you need them ! -RRB-
 I just downloaded the 10.03 update and I must say that I was sadly disappointed . I was hoping that Smart Photo Fix would no longer apply suggested settings before I clicked on the suggested settings button . Unfortunately , because suggested settings are applied without my requesting them , I am forced to correct all the settings back to zero before making enhancements . This is very inconvient . Every time I want to adjust saturation , shadows or highlights I am forced to go through all of the settings and set them to zero so I can make one change to the photo . This is a pain ! `` Suggested settings '' are obviously not `` suggested settings '' but rather `` forced down your throat settings '' . Also , the `` color balance tool - advanced options '' does not function correctly . The sliders that control temperature warmth work exactly the opposite as the on screen instructions indicate.Corel can we anticipate a fix for these problems?Update
 Was completely unusable as could not copy program to hard drive . The disc was seriously damaged -LRB- blistered -RRB- although the packaging was fine . The product code could not be used as the program from the disc was needed . The program download from the Internet is different and wo n't accept the product code on this . The price was extremely low and you do n't get anything for nothing . Did n't get information on this for ages from gift recipient so that I could do anything about it .
 Wow . Where to begin ? I 've been a PSP user since version 3 . That 's a long time . I have looked forward to every upgrade with great anticipation . And while there is much to like in this newest release , the fact that Corel now owns PSP may well be its demise.Let me explain.Having recently made the jump to Photoshop -LRB- the full blown version , not Elements -RRB- , I 'm qualified to speak to both . And I can tell you that 98 % of what you can do it Photoshop can be done in PSP . It 's an incredible package at a super price.The problem is that you 'll be on your own . Corel support is just plain awful . Average response time for technical issues is EIGHT DAYS -LRB- I submitted 20 requests for assistance or advice , this is actual experiental data -RRB- !! And often when they do respond , it is with that awful Cut & Paste canned responses that do NOT apply to your question . And while I was told it would get better , it has n't . I spent nearly a year in the hopes it would improve and I believe now it wo n't . Suffice to say , Corel is where good software goes to die . Outside of Painter , they have n't hit a home run in 15-20 years . Having spoken with customer service by phone , I 'm convinced they 've conned themselves into believing they can never be better than Adobe , or Microsoft , or any of half a dozen software companies out there.Back to the product . What really makes Photoshop so much better than PSP -LRB- I never thought I 'd write these words -RRB- is not what is in the product , but rather what surrounds it . Photoshop has the most incredible support community surrounding it of any software that has ever existed . It is so ridiculously easy to get help , to get advice , to find out new techniques . Compare the number of Photoshop books available on Amazon compared with the paltry number devoted to Paint Shop Pro . The end result of this is that I 've learned more about image editing in the last four months with Photoshop than I learned in 10 + years as a PaintShop Pro devotee.So , while I always wanted PSP to succeed , I can not in good conscience recommend it to you . It will take you too long to learn and do the things you want to do . You are far better off with something Adobe.Bottom line , go with Photoshop or Photoshop Elements if you 're looking to save money and do n't need as much -LRB- Elements is robust , do n't let the name fool you -RRB- . You 'll be happier , more productive and part of a great community of enthusiasts devoted to the passion of digital imaging . Outside of Painter , you do n't need anything from Corel . Remember these words , they will serve you well . COREL ... WHERE GOOD SOFTWARE GOES TO DIE
 I have spent 15 + years in software quality assurance . This product is quite buggy AND there is no hope to get those bugs fixed because their support is not interested in working with you.The batch processing has memory leaks and starts misbehaving on larger files . I have lost EXIF and other header info when saving . It starts saying ` invalid bitmap ' when loading files , although no files are visibly open . I have seen a case where pictures get corrupt colors -LRB- really bizarre -RRB- I have also downloaded and evaluated the next version XI , and let me tell you - it is even buggierThe design of this program is not bad , if you only edit a couple of photos it may be worth the money . I do not particularly like the interface of Adobe , but alas it is the only choice.The good old days of Corel 's excellent Draw program and Jasc ' excellent PaintShop are gone forever
 Well , I finally got around to it
 JASC paintshop pro was not bad , but sadly the move to Corel appears to have had negative affect as is so often the case when new , larger parent companies think they know better . It is slower to start , slower to use , but by far the worst problem is it crashes regularly . In a 2 hour session , maybe four or five times . I 'm a graphics programmer , so I know writing this software is n't rocket science - its a case of hiring the right people - its amazing how they publish stuff this unstable . Avoid or get an older version .
 This used to be a blinding product . Version 3 was excellent . In fact up to version 7 it was the best value product in the market for what it did . Now it is a dog . It 's performance is abysmal , it is unintutitve and it is buggy , If you want to use PSP , forget the marginal functional improvements and use an old version .
 Did not meet my expectations . Less vale for the money.Causes many computer crashes and loads very slow . I have Jasc Paint Shop Pro 8 which works very well at cost of a fraction of Corel Paint Shop Pro X. Overall I do not recommend to buy it , you 'll be sorry .
 The company who made this disk should have made sure all the answers were right . My daughter was very frustrated that she could not move onto the next section because she had the answer right but there was no correct answer to be selected . So she could not move on . we had to skip the question just to move on . I thought I had already gave a review for this product but here it is in my account again . I guess they were hoping I would change my mind ... nope ! Did not like the game .
 Software loaded with out a needed DLL file . Sent e : Mail , recieved no help . Finally found DDL file on net and downloaded it . Wanted software to help in bird identification , however , I have found I need to identify bird in field guide and then look it up in software . Could be so much better .
 Do NOT buy from Lindsay Family Books , and do not get this version of the product . This version is from 2001 . When I had problems and found out this was an antique , I tried to send it back to Lindsay , and they refused . Amazon refused on their guarantee . Thayer has recalled all these versions from THEIR sellers , but the sellers here must have gotten their product off the back of a truck or something . It is a very OLD and hard to use product . Spend a few bucks more at the Thayer site , and get a proper product . I am VERY upset at this purchase and do n't know how the vendors can call a version from 2001 new !
 I was disappointed in this product . The print-outs of family groupsheets and pedigree charts are unattractive . The cascading pedigreechart entries overlap and are unreadable . I also found the on-lineinstruction manual hard to use . If print-outs are not wanted , Reunion 8.0 works reasonably well .
 Difficult to use without a paper manual . I honestly do not like this program . It is nothing like FTM which i really liked . This program is very annoying , i have lost the drive and interest I have had for genealogy because the program feels like a handicap . Will consider upgrade but will also be looking for a better program.My advice : Don , t waste your money on this one , you will regret it .
 I guess if you can get Painter X to work when installed it is a good product . If you ca n't -LRB- Vista , 8 Gig memory , 2T disk , Cintiq21 -RRB- , you have to pay for support by the call -LRB- for education version which is same base program w/o some of the bells and whistles -RRB- . I kept trying and got it installed and working but pallettes would not move out of center of screen or dock anywhere but the center . Any attempt to change brush size/characteristics abended program . I am glad I was EDUCATED about Corel before buying the full price version .
 This is the `` if it ai n't broke do n't fix it ... '' the title says it all ... my second Delorme the one they fixed was great ... too bad you guys do n't have your own little consumers guide . . all life is going to Vegas . . but sometimes it pains when you not only lose but are left with SH ... C Corcoran
 I have used a Street Atlas since 2004 . Steet Atlas 2004 & 2005 versions do not support non-English version of Windows . Even if you have a English version of Windows , if your default language setting is not English , some major features of the Street Atlas , such as find , do not work at all . So I must change the language setting to English and reboot the computer to use it . It was a real hassle and I have really wanted this problem to be fixed in 2006 version . However , that problem still remains and you even need to change the language setting just to install Street Atlas 2006 -LRB- Installation was fine with different language setting in 2004 and 2005 version -RRB- . So if your default language setting is not English in Windows , you 'd better use Microsoft Steets & Trips . MS Streets & Trips works fine in any language setting and it starts to support a voice prompt feature and turn-by-turn GPS direction guide from the 2006 version . I am really disappointed that Delorme does not care about the non-English users .
 I never got this thing running . My computer exceeds all of the specs required to work this thing and it crashed and crashed and crashed . Do not purchase this whatever you do .
 I just upgraded from Street Atlas version 8 . I live in a major tourist area in central Missouri , Lake of the Ozarks . What I found were that the POI 's in the area were lacking . Only one restaurant was shown , There are dozens of great restaurants in the area . Fast food places like McDonalds , KFC , Taco Bell , Sonic , Subway , have all been here for more than 8 years and are not shown . Wal Mart is shown on the wrong side of the street and about 1.5 miles form its actual location . Of the 7 major gas stations in town , none are shown . When routed through town , rather than making a left turn at our only stop lignt , it routed me on a side street that required 2 illegal and almost impossible left turns . A toll bridge that is a major shortcut across the lake and has been in operation for 8 years is not shown . I just paid for overnight shipping so I could plan a trip for the weekend . If what I see locally is any example of what I will find elsewhere , this software is useless to me .
 I purchased Delorme Street Atlas USA 2006 w/gps LT-20 receiver a few days ago and do n't like it at all . The software is very hard to navigate and is extremely outdated -LRB- at least in Colorado -RRB- . I am working on getting my money back at this time . Do yourself a favor and do n't waste your time and buy the Microsoft Streets & Trips product w/GPS instead .
 I really can not recommend this software . I do n't know why DeLorme refuses to use the simple windows interface . Nothing is where you would expect it to be . There is n't even a simple `` Save As '' dialog box . There is no way to name anything the way YOU want to name it and the print dialog box does n't allow you to just print a couple of the pages you need from a 30 page document.This really is NOT good software.don ' t buy it .
 The interface is the same confusing tabbed interface DeLorme has used in the last versions -LRB- love it or hate it - I hate it -RRB- . They finally fixed the ability to search for an address that is n't on the current screen by using advanced search to enter a city and state or zip code -LRB- something earlier versions did but that DeLorme broke when they switched to the tab interface -RRB- . The big problem is grossly outdated map files . There may be lots of updates SOMEWHERE in their map files , but in the Louisville Kentucky area the map files are more than two years out of date . I 'm not talking about some back road out in the country or a brand new subdivision . Louisville is one of the 20 largest cities in America and StreetAtlas 2006 completely omits major through routes in downtown Louisville.Grossly outdated maps are totally unacceptable in a product that requires buying a complete new version every year or two just to get supposedly `` updated '' map files .
 If you have Windows 7 - think twice before purchasing this . I have Windows 7 and can only use half of the program since it seems to require the Chinese IME and the instructions for installing this are only for XP and Vista.The windows 7 chinese keyboard works fine with other programs -LRB- Microsoft Word , etc. -RRB- , however , the language keyboard does NOT work with this software . There are certain parts of the Berlitz software that will not run on Windows 7
 I purchase this because it was cheap in price comparing to Rosetta Stone 's Learn Japanese software . This current purchase of Berlitz Japanese will not install in Vista 64 !!!! I purhase the product since it says Vista compatible , but after I had problem with the product install , I went to the Microsoft web site on program compatibility and there was n't a Vista 64 bit program certification for the program . During the install , the program hangs . When I attempt to re-install the software or reboot my laptop after the install , my computer freezes again . I also do not see the Program Icon in my laptop after the 2nd re-install -LRB- My laptop is new so it does n't have much software within it to cause conflict with the install.I have to rate this product one star because like other previous Berlitz software which was installed in another computer containing XP , the Berlitz programs have conflicts . Previously my Berlitze language programs does not allow more than one language software install in each computer , this was validated by Berlitz tech support . This sounds stupid to me because it means every time I travel to Italy and I want to brush up on my Italian I have to uninstall the Berlitz Spanish to install the Italian program . . I 'm not good with language so I keep the Berlitz Spanish in my PC to refresh memory as needed when I visit Spain . When I express my opinion to tech support that they need to re-structure their programs so more than one of their Berlitz language program can be install and use in the same computer , their tech support lectured me that a person can not learn more than one language at a time . I did n't want his opinion and I do n't agree with his opinion.Unfortunately , there is n't much language programs out there but it seem like Nova Development who package the Berlitz language program does n't seem to care about quality . I ca n't return this since I 've purchase this 6 months ago so I 'll just consider this a lost .
 This is the third or fourth version of Street Atlas USA Handheld I 've bought . On each of the prior occasions I gave up trying to use it with a variety of PDAs . One more time I thought since DeLorme boasted of the major revision they 'd made.Not really . It is still a stinkeroo.It installs easily to a Palm device and earlier versions installed easily to Windows CE . And it works nicely with a non-DeLorme Blutetooth GPS.But it is useless on a PDA . Maps are shown in 2D view only and they are simply thin lines across the screen . Street names even in the optional large font size are still unreadable unless you focus intensely . The highest zoom setting still covers too much area while the lowest zoom settings result in such crowded data that your route is lost.The second weakest feature is trying to find a location . DeLorme forces you through a convoluted procedure . And finding an address seems to take forever.The absolute worst feature is trying to create a route on the PDA . It is frustrating , time consuming and , in my experience , almost never works.Finally , DeLorme 's map information is incorrect and does n't seem to be updated . The 2004 version did n't note that the street I live on is one-way and it constantly routed me going the wrong way . It sill does.Actually using the product is a nightmare . The representation of your GPS location on the Palm TX 's 320 x 480 screen is so tiny as to be invisible , virtually impossible to quickly see in a moving vehicle . Not a good situation . The display does not stay centered . One moment your GPS locator is squarely in the center of the screen . The next , it is at the top of the screen . Then the bottom or the sides . There is no uniformity.The product allows you to set waypoints in order to customize your route . You literally have to do that on the computer rather than the PDA , because the PDA maps are simply too cumbersome to work with . You can do a reverse route on the PDA . Would n't you expect that if you simply reverse the route you created , that the waypoints you inserted would be considered ? Logic says yes ; DeLorme says no . Recalculating a route took almost 15 minutes on the Palm and resulted in a hodgepodge of side streets being included . Since I did n't follow the recommended -LRB- and very strange -RRB- reverse route , the program simply stopped posting the GPS location to the map . Apparently if you are n't following a pre-determined route , you are out of luck.I 'm finished with DeLorme . Never again.Jerry
 Last year I got totally screwed over by Delorme for Handheld 2005 . That was so horrible ! Delorme and some other ` reviews ' claimed the 2006 version was a total overhaul . It IS N'T . Delorme 's Street Atlas 2006 is nice software for a PC/laptop ... it just really sucks on a PDA . I do n't know why everyone else under the sun has created nice GPS products for PDA 's and why Delorme ca n't . Maybe they will get it together in the year 2020 . Some benefits have been added in this version . Honestly though , if you have a GPS unit , just go buy Tom Tom 's PDA software for $ 150 . It is accurate , detailed ... gets updated and is versatile . If you do n't have a GPS unit , you can buy the package deal from Tom Tom for $ 300 . I know it is alot of money , but you wo n't be disappointed . It performs well , let 's you create alternate routes on the fly and has no trouble connecting and maintaining a signal with a blue tooth unit .
 I 've owned every version of Street Atlas since version 2 and every version of TOPO USA since it 's inception . With only one exception -LRB- RWE -RRB- I belive that each update was more than worth doing . I travel for a living over 150,000 miles a year and rely on mapping heavely . When I got my dell Axim 50V I was more than a little excited to get my hands on the handheld version of this software.It COULD NOT be any slower . A simple 20 mile route takes 10-15 minutes or more . You actually have to disable the auto suspend battery saving of your PDA to prevent the PDA from turning it 's self off during the long calculation process . I tried to run a 45-50 mile route and gave up after nearly a hour.If you attempt to zoom , pan the map , or proform any other function be careful . Allow the map to compleetely fill in before making any more moves . If you attempt to zoom or out several steps at a time or pan 2-3 times you 'll most likely hang the system and have to do a soft reboot.You 'll find the occasional person that claims only a few seconds to run a route or other wise touting the program . Take a careful look and read what the majority of users are saying . I think you 'll find a general concensus . Follow your research and make a informed decision . Do n't let me tell you what to do . Decide for your self .
 It 's possible to stumble around on this software when it 's installed on a desktop/laptop , but just try to export maps to a PDA . The interface is clumsy , confusing and completely unintuitive . As a streets/trips map for use with a PDA and a GPS , it is a terrible choice and you will struggle with it forever . The interface on this software is about the worst I 've seen on a PC in 15 or so years .
 First , I 'm a computer geek and should otherwise know what I 'm doing with software . I have purchased several DeLorme products before , including Topo USA twice -LRB- great software ! -RRB- and the non-handheld version of Street Atlas.But , this handheld Street Atlas for my Palm TX is just horrendous , especially the PDA side of the software -LRB- the desktop software is annoying but somewhat tolerable - but I only bought this for its PDA installation -RRB- . It took me a while to figure out that I needed to select areas of the map to export and to then export them . Bizarre interface , but I did manage to get the maps into the PDA . Although the maps on the PDA look rather ugly ... just lines and dots ... not pretty like Google Maps or Microsoft MapPoint . So far , I can live with that.What makes the PDA software useless is that it wo n't find a simple street address -LRB- or partial street address -RRB- no matter what I do . I would expect any decent mapping software to be able to find a road that exported to the map . There is a `` Find '' feature , which defaults to `` Fuzzy Find '' , and all that does is show me completely unrelated entries in other Palm applications ... it shows me entries in my TODO list , my Contacts , my Calendar and other apps -LRB- all completely unrelated to the street I 'm trying to search for -RRB- , plus it 'll show me various unrelated businesses -LRB- that probably are n't even on the street I 'm searching for -RRB- . But , no streets !! The only way I can figure out to find streets is to scroll around , zoom in/out until I happen to see the street name on the tiny map . This is nearly impossible if I 'm not well familiar with the area . Even paper maps have a chart that lets me look up a street and I 'll be told what grid square its in . The desktop app also can readily find a street . So , why not the PDA software ? -LRB- Yes , the streets I search for are in the exported map . -RRB- I 'm not even bothering trying any other features , not unless Find works .
 If price is the key to your buying decision , then this is the package for you . If ease of use and reliability are more your bag , keep looking . This review is based on the PALM version of the software.Desktop
 I had SA2006 Handheld set up on a Tungsten T3 with Earthmate Blue Logger bluetooth GPS receiver . It worked , but performance was so awful that I did n't use it.It 's perhaps worth the money if you just want to compute a route on your PC and download it to the PDA.If any route computation is required on the PDA , I suggest you go out for coffee while you 're waiting.Want to download a map of your state to the PDA 's memory card ? Forget it . With a 14 Megabyte map of two New Jersey counties , the PDA is already on its knees.This software might be a tolerable alternative to using MapQuest and taking some printouts in the car . That 's about it.I now use TomTom5 . It 's not cheap , and TomTom 's authorization procedures are a pain , but it really works for both advance planning and realtime navigation . The whole US database fits comfortably on a cheap SD card .
 This software is simply unusable . The routes generated on the PDA bear no relationship to reality , the verbal instructions to turn occur as you are passing the turn , not before , and the tech support just ignores you . Avoid at all costs .
 Seemed to work great on my Axim X50V until I upgraded OS to Windows Mobile 2005 . Even with repeated re-installs , I could not get the software to see the GPS . -LRB- Pocket Streets and GPS Viewer seemed to have no problem finding and displaying from the GOS -RRB- . Also , sometimes zooming in/out without waiting for the screen to complete loading can result in hanging of the program .
 The software is very slow on Palm . The search take a light year to get anything done . It 's not worth trying it - even if they give you money . I can not believe they are selling it for money . Stay away from it !!
 I have had this product for a few months and have used it on my Dell Axim x50v on trips to California and Massachusetts . Selecting maps to download to your Pocket PC on your home PC is tedious and has no provision for downloading only a route without a map . Downloaded is slow for any large metropolitan map area like Boston or San Francisco . Once a map in loaded one can route on the Pocket PC but I had the Axim never complete many times after waiting over 15 minutes . I had to do a hard reset to get out of it . Cancelling the routing did not work.Also , when the routing did work I found that it often made poor route selections . For instance routing from Southborough , MA to a zoo in Southwick -LRB- only about 40 miles -RRB- , it chose to use a state route parallel to I495 and jumped on and off the expressway rather than using I495 for the entire route.Not worth your money in my opinion .
 Street Atlas 2006 Handheld will not connect to your bluetooth port if you are running Windows Mobile 5.0 , so if you 're using a bluetooth GPS you 're SOL with this product.Delorme is aware of this huge issue , but continues to sell the product . If you want to get a refund you have to call them long distance at your expense to get an RMA and then send it to them via a `` trackable '' -LRB- read UPS or FedX -RRB- method . Really shoddy practice . I would have expected much better from Delorme . Fortunately I bought the product from Amazon , so returning it to them was no problem .
 I 've always hated Norton antivirus because it 's messed up several computers I put it on . I 've been really happy with McAfee , and have used various versions for at least 5 years . But I 'm about to bag it and try Norton again ... I bought a new computer , and tracked down -LRB- not easily -RRB- how to put the McAfee on my new computer , and not lose my subscription . It took time , but I got it on my computer , no problem . BUT the computer had an audio problem , so back it went to HP . When I got it back , all the applications I had put on had to be reloaded -LRB- they obviously restored the computer to `` as delivered '' status -RRB- . I went through the same process to reload my McAfee ... and time after time , the online download refused to run -LRB- you are offered the download in your `` My Account '' area , so presumably they know what you 're supposed to get -RRB- . After going through an interminable loop in the support area of their website , I finally got connected to a tech chate . I sat through at least 1.5 excrutiating hours with the tech -- and 2 times out of 3 the tech would come back with a question I had just answered . I would answer -- again -- and then it would be 5 or 10 minutes before they got back to me . To top it off , in the middle of it all I got disconnected . Useless . As are their FAQs on the site . All I dreamed of finding was an email address that I could actually write and get an answer . Nope . Not from McAfee . You are going to waste hours of your life , or nothing . And if you want to call ... $ 59.00 PER INCIDENT!No thanks . My subscription is up in November . I think I 'll save the money and time and buy Norton with a year subscription.Bottom line ? Unless you 're a computer tech , do n't even think about ANYTHING from McAfee .
 I bought this product because it claims to be able to `` make an exact duplicate of your system and restore it to its prior state . '' After spending lots of time making a sytem image of my Windows 2000 machine with a 12 GB drive to 17 CDs , I needed to restore the machine to the same hardware , except for a new hard disk -LRB- hard disks fail , right ? -RRB- . It took SEVEN hours to read all the discs , and left me with a system that blue-screens -LRB- crashes -RRB- on boot saying , `` INACCESSIBLE_BOOT_DEVICE '' . After sending three messages to support and waiting three days to get a response , NTI support tells me that the product is incapable of restoring an image of a Windows 2000 system to a working state . And they wo n't even refund the purchase price.Look for a product that actually does what is advertised and is backed by a company with conscience . NTI fails on both counts .
 Last Month I purchased the `` Back Up Now Delux Product '' . To date I have n't been able to create a bootable recovery CD . It was advertised as being compatible with Windows XP . I successfully created an image backup of my C & D drives , however when I tried to make a recovery diskette and bootable CD your program asked for a Windows 98 system disk . Not having Windows 98 I tried with using a my Windows XP system disk . This did not work as your `` Back Up Now '' program would not identify the Windows XP system disk . I called the technical support number and was informed by `` Alex '' that it would only recognize a windows 98 system disk and I needed to obtain one for it to work . I explained to `` Alex '' this product was supposed to be XP compatible . He of course could not give me an explanation for this . Although somewhat upset I went looking for a windows 98 system diskette to use as per Alex 's advise . I located the 98 system disk from a friend and it seemed it would work however I received still another error . Again I called the tech support number and found out from `` Alex '' that my CD RW drive needed a firmware update although it is listed on your website as a CD RW that IS supported by `` Backup Now '' . The `` Backup Now '' program because of the problems outlined above has proven it is not yet compatible with Windows XP nor is it compatible with my CD-RW drive without a firmware update . It is requested that if this opinion is incorrect that someone explain how I am supposed to back up and restore my desktop PC without firmware updates or using a Windows 98 system diskette when I have a Windows XP operating system . What good is the image backup if I ca n't use it to restore the hard drives without a recovery boot disk ? This was advertised a XP compatible , there is no warning or other documentation indicating that you needed a system 98 boot diskette nor that any firmware were needed for `` Backup Now '' to work properly or successfully.Mel
 Backup Now ! is absolutely horrible ! Many features did not work as the manual suggested . I have submitted numerous issues to their technical support , and have never had any sort of follow-up or resolution on any of them . Using it with their scheduler is even worse because many errors like failed backups go completely unreported while silly conditions like no files selected for incremental backups are always reported by a dialog that must be dismissed by the user . This is not very convenient for unattended backups -- which is what a scheduler should be for . I also ran into cases where the target drive -LRB- where to store the backup files -RRB- was offline , so Backup Now ! silently changed the backup location on me . Unthinkable!Please note all the other bad reviews of this product . I wish they had been here before I went to buy this piece of junk -- I could have saved myself some money and a lot of headaches .
 I suggest you DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT . It does not work on Windows 2000 . I worked with Customer Service for about a month , purchased new CDs , got driver updates and other stuff.In the end they were giving me instructions that did not even match up to their product . I gave up and just backup up my machine with ROXIO one disk at a time using Easy CD Creator 5 . I wish I had listened to the crummy reviews other people were giving Backup NOW ! They should call it Broken NOW !
 I used CD-RWs in my first attempts at using this program . I wanted to speed up the backup operation , so I switched to high-speed CD-Rs . The backup took over 40 minutes per CD , with verification and compression turned off , on 24X CDs in a 32X writer on a 1GHZ AMD system . The first pass at this , the system hung on the 9th CD . The second pass , the program reported problems with the last CD , the 10th . Did the same operation with Norton Ghost and had everything backed up in less than an hour ! I have not tried restoring files from this program , so I do n't know how reliable it is .
 I bought this product for my windows XP system . I wasted 38 CDs trying to make a recovery CD set . It would consistantly hang up on the 5th disk . Once it actualy locked up my computer . Product support is nonexistent . After the first 2 replies to my emails for help with no results , they just quit even replying . And they will not give refunds .
 This product seems to work fine on Windows XP as far as performing a backup goes . But , if you have a drive failure , or want to restore a selected file - forget it . It does not work when you try to restore .
 Very buggy and very slow . Tested on both of my office systems . Does not backup to more than 1 volume in your DVD writer -LRB- lots of contact with NTI support , but no resolution `` it was my drive '' they said - so why is it specifically listed on their site as compatible?Most troublesome - did a backup to an extra HD on my system - that took all night to backup 20Gb ! -RRB- and when I did a restore it froze after `` restoring '' for 12 hours . I am self employed and am my own IT person , so while not an expert I am a fairly advanced user -LRB- been doing this since 1984 and I have never had so much trouble and frustration -RRB- . I can not afford to loose my data , I would go out of business . So I can not recommend this product and would advise that if you are really stuck , use the backup function in XP -LRB- it is fast - 1hr to do 20Gb and it restores perfectly - but only does backup to a HD , not a DVD writer -RRB- .
 Probably never used it . If I did , I do n't remember if it was any good or not . Must not have been , because I do n't remember anything about it . In other words , I must not have been impressed with it .
 I purchased after talking to NTI 's presale phone number checking to see if it would work with my system . I a precaution , I also obtain new hardware that specifically matched there hardware list . The Back NOW ! did n't not function on 4 different machine . Me and another administor called there help desk with no luck . The service person told us to reinstall -LRB- which did n't work -RRB- and blamed the use of third party utilities . Even though we repeatedly told the person none were used and the installion was a fresh clean installion , he refused any further support . The person finally stated no solution since the reinstall did not work . Later I tried on a machine at my home and it work like a chanp with absolutely no problems . It created a bootable cd-r with disk image in no time .
 You WILL have a problem with Timeslips and need to contact technical support . Unfortunately , you will wait , and wait , and wait , and wait . I 've had a secretary on hold now for over an hour and a half!Note
 I bought this for my 7-year old in hopes that the product would help her practice the multiplication facts . After trying the software , I would say that the user-configurable timed testing is the only function that would be valuable to us.The games were boring in content and did not reinforce the material . Screen design and colors deserve a discussion of their own . I hope no-one with color blindness tries to play the Trick Trick game.Bottom line - I was disappointed .
 This has got to be the worst software I have ever seen . I bought it for my son to help him with his multiplication . He lost interest in it in about a minute . Do not waste your money , buy some flash cards instead .
 I purchased this game to help my son memorize his times tables . We both found it to be confusing , no instructions and the graphics extremely antiquated . I feel it was a complete waste of my money .
 This game is very boring and can not keep a child engaged . This is a little more advanced than flash cards and does not provide much more entertainment value . Save the money and buy the flash cards instead .
 Our experience with this software has been extremely unsatisfactory . It is boring and I have a very difficult time forcing my son to `` play '' with it . There has to be a better way . I 've never given a negative review . This is a first .
 I 've been searching for quality space related screensaver for awhile and was excited when Starry Night became available . The product packaging and marketing literature made me believe that I would be able to customize this screensaver for a variety of choices , leading me to think that I could choose anything from a rotating planet , nebula , or comet , to grace my screen . Instead what you get is a selection of galactic journies that take place on these rotating picture frames -LRB- three or one , your choice -RRB- or this cube that floats around your screen flashing different pictures of planets , stars , and other galactic images . The options that I thought I would be getting with this screensaver are available , but only by purchasing this company 's other software products , which are quite pricey and starting around $ 50 . With these other products , you can import so-called `` movies '' into the base screensaver program and then choose options like rotating planet etc. that completely fill your screen . I called the company a few times to see if perhaps I was using the program incorrectly -LRB- I 'm actually pretty computer literate -RRB- and left two messages , both of which were not returned . I would not stop short in saying that the company has used some deceptive marketing tactics to sell this product , and treads a thin line of falsely advertising the true capabilties of this product .
 The Product Features and the Product Description from the Manufacturer are either for a different product or a deliberately fabricated lie . The Screensaver is absolutely nothing like what is described in features.The Starry Night Screensaver Product Description goes beyond puffery into the realm of dishonesty . It also fails to mention that what you might expect to see on the screen is contained in a rotating cube or rotating picture frame that only takes up half of the screen . You should carefully consider whether you want to spend your money on this one !! Wish I had n't .
 The Screen saver is a Astromomy trip on your computer only problem is it takes place in a tiny ugly box on your screen.the stars and planets are all in a ugly customizable box that spins on your screen looks ugly and sitn amusing at all.insted of the entire screen be a beutyfull Space Stary night its in a small box.Ugly and sad I wasnt at all happy
 This software is terrible ! It 's extremely non-inuitive and extremely buggy . I could n't get booleans or shapemerge to work , even on the simplest shapes ! Go with Maya instead .
 This package is extremely non-inuitive and the boolean functions do n't seem to want to work , even on the most basic shapes . Get Maya instead .
 For the price I thought I 'd get more than what amounts to a basic spread-sheet program that sync 's with Quicken.Yes , when I 'm spending cash , or using a CC at the store , it 's great that I can enter it into the PPC and it will import it into my Quicken . But it 's not stand-alone . It wo n't really track your portfolios . And it does not display any charts or graphs.For $ 10 it 's worth it , for $ 30 I would have rather saved the money and just entered in my reciepts when I get home.I would suggest looking at alternatives like MS Money and SPB Finance .
 I 've been addicted to Quicken for over 10 years . When I discovered Pocket Quicken for my Palm and Windows Mobile Smartphones it quickly became indispensible . I was totally in shock when I went to the LandAware Web site to see if there was a newer version or other phones supported to discover Intuit had abrubtly terminated it 's licensing agreement with Pocket Quicken 's creator ! Not only can they no longer sell it they can no longer support it in any way , shape or form.It 'd be one thing if Intuit offered a Smartphone app to replace Pocket Quicken . However , the only thing they offer is an iPhone app for Quicken Online . The ONLY financial application left and the bulk of Smartphones and PDAs in existence are n't supported!It looks like I 'm stuck with my current phones for as long as they last . I picked up some used spares for backup so I can continue to use Pocket Quicken . Be advised if you purchase Pocket Quicken for Palm or Windows mobile you will have no support from anyone , anywhere .
 I just went through the ringer to try and get pocket quicken to work on my new windows 7 computer . Turns out there is a new product that will do this instead . You can google Inesoft Cash Organizer.For anyone who is curious , here is my pocket quicken and windows 7 story : I had pocket quicken 2.5 on my computer and pda . My computer died . I could not find the pocket quicken disk to load on my new computer -LRB- having just recently seen it . I have a 2 year old and things just disappear . -RRB- I could n't find a 2.5 version to buy so got a 2.0 from amazon.My new computer was windows 7 home which is not compatible with activesync . So I had to buy the professional upgrade to get Win XP mode that would work with activesync . Except I could not get the virtual pc to load . Many hours with microsoft tech support to find out all I needed to do was go in bios and turn on my virtual technology field.Then my pda would not sync with activesync . I had a microsoft tech support person tell me it was not possible for xp mode to work with activesync . I did not believe him so kept making phone calls to MS tech support . Finally found `` Earl '' who showed me the menu at the top of xp mode that says USB . All I had to do was click in there and attach my pda and suddenly my pda was syncing with my computer.Then came several hours of trying to figure out why pocket quicken would not sync with my computer . I ended up at mobilitysite forum and found out pocket quicken 2.0 is not compatible with windows mobile 5 . Then I found a thread called `` Pocket Quicken help ??? '' with the link to downloading pocket quicken 2.2 . I downloaded it and my pda and computer synced . I only have 2 weeks to get an activation code . However , I was able to see my accounts on my pda !!!!! I have emailed landware . Hopefully I can get an activation code from them and all will be well . If not , I will be bummed . I have spent over $ 100 and many hours of time just to get pocket quicken to work . How sad if it does n't . -LRB- And with two little kids underfoot , who knows what my quicken accounts will look like . Actually , I know . Between the birth of my son and getting pocket quicken my previously flawless , beautiful accounts were terrible . I hope that fate does not await me again . -RRB-
 Something happened with this release for Norton System Works -LRB- 2004 -RRB- -LRB- the 2004 version of `` Internet Security '' also had similar problems -RRB- . This is the fourth version of SystemWorks that I have used and it has always been a favorite . It has saved my system on more than one occasion , and makes disc clean up a snap . The antivirus feature is phenomenal , and is regularly updated . I think their antivirus software was one of , if not the best , on the market.Well , no more . This version along with Internet Security 2004 , are beyond hope . They are a royal pain to install , and do n't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.Symantec dropped the ball with this version . Why they brought this to market is beyond me . First , it serious , serious installation problems . Back in May 2004 , when I first reviewed this , it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run . Since then , I have had one problem after another.To say that it is `` buggy '' would be the world 's most profound understatement . Almost from the beginning , LiveUpdate would not function . First , it failed whenever connecting to get updates . When I finally got it working , it only worked properly for many a month . The next problem was that it did n't recognize all the installed components , so it would not update them , most notably and importantly , virus definitions . Without this important feature , both SystemWorks and Internet Security are all but useless . Without updated virus definiations , your PC is also at serious risk!Norton Ghost , which is included with this professional version , also had a glitch that Symantec does n't yet have a fix for , and apparently their techs have n't been able to recreate . Their only solution at the moment is the annoying time consuming uninstall/reinstall -LRB- which does n't always work -RRB- . The Symantec site has some fixes , and a web tool that can analyze whatever Symantec product you have installed , and tell you about some possible fixes . It 's a nice feature , and very useful , but not perfect . So far , it has n't fixed the Ghost issue . I received a message that I had an older version of Ghost and it referred me to their update page when I had just installed their latest version of it ! I tried to `` Ghost '' my hard drive only to have it fail just before it completed . Another failure and feature that refuses to work.Once installed , however , some of the functions do work OK -LRB- disk doctor , One Button Checkup , and WinDoctor -RRB- . These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions , and I found the menu to be much more navigable . But this does n't make up for it 's innumerable other short-comings . The other annoyance with this that you have to remove every single remnant of previous version of Norton SystemWorks before you installs this . Warning ! The Windows `` remove program '' feature does not do a good job of this , and neither does Norton 's own removal program . A lot of `` fragments '' were left in the Registry , and it the Norton system folders . Their website had a download that helped remove those , although I had to manually remove a good number of files from the `` Programs '' directory . If you have an older version of `` Internet Security '' installed , you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install . You also need to go in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from the REGISTRY . -LRB- Intructions for doing so are on Symantecs website . -RRB- Even this , however , did not solve my problems . As of October , 2004 , these products are NOT working and I 'm ready to demand a refund from Symantec.I just uninstalled SystemWorks and Internet Security for at least the fifth time due to funtionality issues . Once again it wo n't reinstall , even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.The best thing to do with this version , is to leave it on the store shelf . It does n't work , and will cost you an enormous amount of your time , not to mention your hard earned dollars.Personally , I may never buy Symantect products again . And that 's a shame . They use to be so useful and neceesary . No longer . Avoid this product at all costs .
 I have used Norton/Symantec products for over 7 years . In fact it WAS my preferred choice . However , after trying to install Systemworks 2004 I doubt if I will ever use Symantec again.Let me say that I have used Systemworks for 5 years and always loved it 's easy installation , compatibility with Windows and other software , and ease of use . Features like the Live Update always kept my version current and it has helped me avoid more than one virus while keeping my system clean and efficient.The installation directions say to upgrade from Systemworks 2003 you simply run the CD and it will automatically upgrade . WRONG !! I immediately started getting error messages that . dll files were missing , that LiveUpdate could not run , and Windows XP system errors . After uninstalling and reinstalling several times without success I checked the Symantec web site . There were instructions for correcting the LiveUpdate problem which consists of multiple steps to remove , manually install , reinstall , reconfigure , etc. . none of which work . It seems Systemworks 2004 is not compatible with itself let alone other software such as Symantec 's Winfax Pro which also crashed after installing Systemworks.Symentec 's final solution
 Norton deserves NO stars for NSWpro 2003 and 2004 . Norton System Works 2003 had the dumb verisign constantly popping up on every little file I touched . It was always setting off my firewall , wanting to send information OUT ! Now , the new and ` improved ' version , 2004 , re-enables the antivirus within a few minutes of disabling it . Who cares ? Anyone hoping a defrag will ever complete , anyone not wanting another coaster during a burn , anyone who wants their scan disk to complete . Get the picture ? Adding insult to injury , this lovely lil company dumped the ability to email them with problems . Now you `` get '' to pay to chat with their tech team . I do n't consider the problem with version 2004 a technical problem -- it is a bug , and one THEY should fix ! I 've had this product since the first day it rolled out , as I was sick of the 2003 version 's verisign sending out my info . They have not fixed this problem , nor are they going to at this late date . Save your money , as there 's other products willing to do the same job for less money , and they probably do it better.Email scanning finally worked for those of us with different servers for POP3 and SMTP for the 2004 version , as the 2003 never did do it right . How I wish I had the 2002 version ! O Yeah I do ! I am just one of the idiots who use one copy for one PC and my daughter is blessed to have it . The email works on it too ! Just the buggy Ghost issues that were never addressed.BTW NSWPro 2002 was perfect , except the email function and the Ghost -LRB- very buggy -RRB- . Speaking of Ghost , the NSWPro 2004 has Ghost 2003 on it , but since that is the one component that actually runs flawlessly in the 2003 version of NSWPro , why fix it ? Nothing to fix there!Hey Norton , do you think that I am a sucker and will spend an dime for your 2005 product ? hmmmmm You probably do ... I have to wonder how many of us fools have paid your $ 29.99 fee to call tech support to beg for help for YOUR bugs , and these same bugs have never been addressed , as you got rich from us . Hey people , did you know that Symantec used to allow people to post at their site concerning problems with their software -LRB- and you email them too ! -RRB- Course the answers were n't answers at all , just a bunch of hemming and hawwing , but at least you could gripe ! No no kiddies , no griping allowed now ! Well , there is ! For $ 29.99 ! : - -RRB-
 I do computer software tech support , so I always want the latest/greatest AV protection ! So I upgraded from 2003 -LRB- disabled - Ghost , speed disk defrag -LRB- XP defrag is much better ! -RRB- , goback -RRB- , and-2004 REALLY slowed booting up by 20 seconds -LRB- XP Pro SP2 , 2.2 mhz , 1gb memory -RRB- ! Went back to 2003 , and slow boot disappeared!I 'll stay with 2003 , until I read different !
 Avoid this software package.I 've been using Norton-named -LRB- Symantec -RRB- products since the first Mac version of anti-virus was out . It used to be the premier utility software . The Norton disk management software was the best . Now it appears to be the worst . I use a corporate version of the anti-virus software , and Systemworks does not play well with it . I had all sorts of unexplained problems and slowdowns and removing Systemworks cleared them up.Aside from that , the features just are n't there anymore . The thing is totally useless as any kind of disk manager - which is something they used to be very good at.No more Symantec for me ! As another reviewer said , it 's not up to their standards . Amen to that.It 's hard to choose a replacement though , since all the utility software packages want to be everything to everybody , which results in this buggy , slow software . There are a LOT of good freeware , shareware , and small-developer software utilities that do a superb job in their niche , which is as it should be . Do n't look to Symantec for an umbrella fix-all package , it 's just not there anymore .
 I was a user of Systemworks 2003 and had very few problems but with this one , I paid a hefty sum and after installation and going thru stupid activation , The main Systemworks 2004 window or any of the utilities would not come up.I spent one whole week going thru their website support and other work arounds , scans uninstalling 2003 and cleaning every directory and reinstalling 2004 but nothing worked.Finally I have decided to return the software.They make such crappy products and they do not have phone support for atleast 30 days.You need to pay to tell how their product stinks.Never buy this product.Even if it works for you , ** BEWARE *** You are going to be in big trouble if you have one minor incident later .
 Product writes CDs unintuitively and poorly - hard to write to multisession discs . Can not uninstall . Not thru control panel ` remove programs ' . There in no ` uninstall module ' . There is no ` uninstall ' in ` help ' files . Nothing on Cosmi web site FAQ . Reviews of different Cosmi products in Amazon.com speculate about Cosmi associations with adware . Would not buy Cosmi products again
 First , what 's so deluxe about it ? A flimsy ... map with marketing -LSB- stuff -RSB- written all over it?Second , the software crashed my system . The system fonts used are -LSB- bad -RSB- , and the test questions are barely legible on my screen.Third , the `` pss '' personal scoring system is a joke . It 's a silly little animation , nothing more.Fourth , I ca n't pause my tests and come back -LRB- I discovered this when the program crashed my system and I had to keep starting over -RRB- . Fifth , the animations are silly , and the lessons are patronizing.Sixth , I could n't find good information about how to improve my score with this software ; it was n't obvious.I 'm going to get the Kaplan product instead ; when I 've used my friend 's copy , it really helped and showed me how to improve my score , helped me do research on schools , find ways to pay for schools & stuff.Don ' t buy this product unless you have a couple hours to kill uninstalling it !
 The Princeton Review `` Inside the the SAT & ACT 2002 Deluxe '' CD software damaged my computer 's operating system -LRB- Windows 95 -RRB- and required more than 6 hrs of repair time by a highly qualified PC technician . A complete re-imaging of my hard drive was required to restore full operation . This is the worst software I have ever encountered . Technical support from the manufacturer - The Learning Company was completely lacking and I never received a reply to a long distance toll call I made at my expense to their support center .
 The SAT CD works but the ACT program will not load if you are using Windows 2000 .
 the time I spent on the phone trying to get through to `` technical '' support for this product was n't worth the toll call to get there . I ended up throwing it away .
 I used it for about 10 minutes before I noticed something was wrong . It provides the wrong answers to many insanely obvious questions . This is just an attempt to -LSB- take -RSB- more money out of the standardized test franchise with a shoddy product . It calls itself a `` 2002 Deluxe Edition , '' but is intended to run on Win32 -LRB- it wo n't even run on Windows 2000 -RRB- . Do n't waste your time on this poorly-made product from the Princeton Review ; instead , purchase some books that will actually help you , like the College Board 's `` 10 Real SATs . ''
 Thought the cards would be like Broderbund 's American Gretings Creatacard Platinum 8 software but it was not and I did not like what I got .
 DOES NOT WORK ON VISTA EVEN THOUGH STICKER ON BOX CLAIMS IT DOES.I 'll preface my comments noting I 've been in the software business for over 25 years , so suffice it to say I 'm not a novice when it comes to computers . I purchased this for 2 of my kids . Seemed like the perfect item for them to hone up on their math skills , especially given both have an affinity for soccer . I loaded it up on a new Vista laptop and it simply does not run properly - and what little can be played has error messages popping up left and right . Vista of course is not without its fair share of problems to say the least , but this is not a review of Vista . In fact , this is hardly a review of Soccer Math , since we really never got it to work . This is a review of the company , edVentures , who made it . After three times over 6 months trying to contact their so called `` customer support '' there was zero response . Zero as in zip , nada . We gave up . When a company has no support for its customers and ca n't even give them the time of day , it does not deserve any customers . Over time people find out and stay away . STAY AWAY !
 What more is there to say ... $ 26.99 plus whatever S&H and this is n't even supposed to be for sale . :--LRB- I sure wish we had n't bought it and that we could return it for whole refund .
 Let 's face it . Jump and Ride will never be on the same level as other equestrian games such as Equestriad or Let 's Ride Rosemond Hill . I do n't mean to say it 's a bad choice . Five years ago there were no equestrian games save barbie -LRB- and this game has an eerie resemblence to the races in barbie -RRB- . In the 21st century this game is slightly overmatched . The game 's addictive but lacks some of the factors found in games in the Let 's ride collection . For starters , there are only six horses which differ slightly in characteristics . Play is easy until you move to the normal level . here you have to hit '' / '' rhythmically -LRB- whatever that means -RRB- until your arms fall off . in hard you hit '' / '' and '' . '' , and in pro you hit four keys which is impossible if you 've ever tried it . In case you are mistaken , '' / '' does not make the horse go , it only controls speed . since the computer is perfect then you will most likely lose . Racing against friends is better since you are evenly matched . This is fun for people who value having competition instead of just competing . This gets two stars because I thought I was buying an actual steeplechase , like the Grand National , with a twenty horse field . I also do n't like how the horses look and how you ca n't give them names or change their colors . The graphics are nothing to shake a stick at either . By the way , why are there no unlockable features ?
 Do not buy this game . For ages 7 and younger it is simple and easy to use and would be fine to start off a youngster with horsey computer games , but overall it is repetitive and boring . If you really want a good horse game buy Saddle Up Time to Ride , Saddle Up with Pippa Funnell , All the Let 's Ride ! games are great , though I thought that the Let 's Ride ! Corral Club was more childish than the others . A good deal is the Let 's Ride ! Champions Collection which has 3 horse games . 2 of them being really good
 i am a horse freak and i most likely have all the games and i have to say that this game was very disappointing . The graphics were ok but there is really no point to the game and all you end up doing really is just racing and some more raceing theres not really a challege at all . If i really new how this game was going to be i would have never bought it . I played it like what ummm ... 6 times and then i was done with it . So no i do not recommanded this game to someone who is looking for more than just , racing . This game has NO POINT !!!!!!
 Seeing a horse on the box , I bought this game right away . I got it home and it took FOREVER to load . Then I started to play , and I was VERY unhappy ! The game takes FOREVER to get from one screen to another ! And you do n't even steer your horse ! All you do Is pick a place to go -LRB- the graphics are not good -RRB- and then after it loads , which takes forever , all you get to do is run in a straght line and press spacebar when needed.NO NOT BUY THIS CRUDDY GAME !! The only thing I can se good about this game is that if you got it for a little kid it would be easy to jump . But then you would have to put up with `` Mommy ! Is it done loading !? ''
 This was very dissapointing . It takes a long long long long long LONG time to load . Horses look very ugly and so do riders , saddles , all you do Is race . So BORING !! Please , If you want to save your money and your time , do n't buy this game .
 This game took so long to load that I thought my computer had frozen , and rebooted twice . Finally I walked away from the computer and when I came back it had finally loaded ! Between each race , another huge lag time.Game play is boring , and difficult . Do n't buy it .
 In this game , all you do is press space bar to start and jump.No joke . The horses look like mules . The graphics are pkay . I highly recomend let 's ride games . The graphics are great . In championship collectuion , you can feed , ride , and pet your horse .
 This game takes a long time to load each terrain . The gameplay is from a 3rd person perspective with horses running from the left to the right side of the screen . You have several horses with different strengths to choose from , choose wisely based on the terrain . It 's not a bad game . There is no horse care or story line , just jumping . For me , it 's boring and slow and unrealistic and I wish I had n't bought it .
 I purchased this product in order to print checks on blank check paper IN ONE PASS from Quicken . Worked a few times then problems developed . I emailed tech support and received automated answers even though I requested a real person . I kept receiving the same answer even though I changed my questions . Finally , emails to the company were returned as undeliverable . I sent a fax which was not answered . This company has a great idea -LRB- printing checks on blank check paper in one pass -RRB- but the programming is very poor and the support is virtually non-existant . NOT RECOMMENDED !!
 ***** Warning ****** I just bought this software , and it had crashed my system right away after installation . Luckily I have norton goback , otherwise I am in deep trobule . It have been 2 days since I have bought this software , and getting email help from the company is very very slow . Instead of helping me , they ask where I both the product for the do no see my registration . Helllooooo of course not , because it crash my system !!! Read CNET review , they gave this produc ta bad review due to crashing!I got rip off !
 I received this software few days a go and it is not what I though it would be . There is no video , audio or even a place to type . Basically it is a multimedia file with text instructions . I would n't waste my money although it does n't cost much . I find it useless .
 Was unable to load it into my computer , even with help . As a result it is useless . The manufacturer no longer supports it .
 This is set for PAL , not NTSC . It also does NOT do what is inferred , i.e. make a DVD for TV use . Would not recommend this for ANYONE . I am an electrical engineer who makes DVDs from photos all the time . Tried this and will not ever use it again .
 I started on IBM PCJr 's in the mid 1980 's , and have built several of my own computers . That being said , this programPhotostory on CD & DVD 5is undoubtedly the worst I 've have ever paid money for . After installation , over half of my programs would not work , including Yahoo , iTunes , and Adobe Elements . Booting up , my computer kept popping the error boxes stating many of my programs that were shutting down due to memory violations and missing files . Half of my Start Menu programs were missing , and the links to System Restore were gone . When I forced a System Restore , I was advised that the . dll 's were missing . GREAT . After manually deleting the three installed program over several hours , the links to System Restore were restored , but all the restore points had been deleted . This program CD is now a frisbee . I refused to even contact the company for tech support due to the severity of the installation errors . What a nightmare .
 Save your money , this is probably the worst software I have bought in years . Very slow and all the programs that come with it want you to upgrade for more money . I gave it chance for the price and reading a review in PCPhoto magazine , not worth it .
 Software only works with Windows Vista systems ; no up-gradesnor will it work with Windows XP.Tried various operating systems and programs . Did Not work .
 Until Amazon insists on the version of the software be displayed , there is no point in purchasing it .
 Platform
 DO not buy this item , it is worthless threw mine in the trash 30 minutes after installing it . I thought that this would leave me print already made greeting cards . Instead all it has is different designs and pitchures . No premade cards with words are on this CD . You need to add you own words and greetings , no use to me . Glad i only paid $ 3.50 for this .
 This is my first time using Act ! and I am pretty dissapointed . The program is probably pretty powerful , but I ca n't get to that point yet with the documentation provided.They could learn a thing or two from Peachtree . Not that Peachtree is a contact manager , but if you wonder `` How do I pay a bill with a credit card card ? '' , you can bet Peachtree does n't just say `` Do this from the bill paying area '' like Act ! 's help would . It would litterally walk you through the steps of setting up the account and even provide examples.Act ! does n't even manage to describe all it 's own fields neverless do a good job of setting up your own.So if you buy this program , add an Act ! for Dummies or similar book to your shopping cart also .
 If you thought Adobe Illustrator has too many bells and whistles , you have n't tried ACT ! So many seemingly reasonable people raved about how great it is that I invested the ... , and now find it to be unpenetrable . And I 'm no Luddite
 I had previously purchased Reader Rabbit for baby and toddler and was thrilled with the product . However , I can not say the same of the Reader Rabbit Preschool . This CD launches with a page that gives my -LSB- child -RSB- 6 choices of where to go . Only one is the educational program . The others are advertisements for Star Flyers , Clue Finders , Zoombinis , the Oregan Trail , and Carmen Sandiego . Each of these plays a short movie and gives my -LSB- child -RSB- the option of launching the internet to download more . I certainly do not want my child on the internet , and I did not purchase the CD so that the Learning Company could target my ... child with advertisement . I wanted him to learn something . It quickly became a fight to keep him in the educational portion of the CD . I called Broderbund , and after waiting 25 minutes to speak with a technician , was told that there was nothing that could be done . There are no parental controls . I asked to speak with a supervisor to discuss my concerns , and was told I could go to the web site and e-mail them . I would not recommend this CD .
 The version of Preschool I received is so old it would not run on my Mac under OS 8.6 . It is not supported by The Learning Company in any way -LRB- telephone or email -RRB- . I ca n't tell you about the contents because we were able to get it to launch .
 Reader Rabbit Preschool has 5 games and one additional game that you earn . Although there is a game that focuses on letters and sounds and one on numbers and counting , the other three are all color and shape -LRB- with patterns in the bugs game -RRB- . The games allow your child to practice skills they have , but does n't do as much to help them learn as it could . If they do n't know the skill , they might get frustrated with a game . It does increase difficulty with success -LRB- more colors , patterns , ... -RRB- and tracks progress . From a programming stand point , the game functioned well on my PC with Windows ME.In Bug matching , baby bugs are dragged up to their matching parent . The bugs are irregular shapes with colors and/or patterns . The baby bug wo n't release unless you have it with the right parent , but it does n't appear that the number or choices is reduced.In Rainbow Falls the child is ask to fill a particular shape -LRB- and later a particular sized shape -RRB- with the color . If the child picks the wrong color or shape , they are told what color or shape they picked , but the program never resorts to actually showing the child what shape or color they need to pick.The third color/shape game has the child picking matching gems in the Mining game . If they pick the wrong one , they get a horn , but no further help.In the number game they are shown a rocket with the number and number of dots equal to the number of `` sparklenauts '' needed in the space ship . The child is told he has too many or too few but is n't actually told to add or remove `` X '' number of `` sparklenauts '' . Every successful launch fixes a cloud , but there are way too many clouds , so this game tends to drag.In Rushing river , an object floats down in a raft and waits for the child to choose the matching letter from the 3 choices above and shake glitter over the item . The beginning letter and object is named if you click on the object . The letter choices above are not named . If you choose the wrong letter , it will tell you that , but it never reduces your choices or gives hints.The bonus game is has the child string movements together to create a dance.There is n't enough variety or difficulty for my son that just turned 5 . My son that just turned 3 is challenged by the letter and numbers section , but not the 3 color/shape sections . I would recommend JumpStart Advance Preschool for more variety and challenge .
 My son -LRB- now almost 4 -RRB- is pretty academically bright and pretty good with a computer mouse . We bought this game for him just before he turned 3 last year . What a disappointment ! Now , we are a big computer game family , and our son has played a few other titles which we have loved -LRB- Little People Discovery Airport , Ollo Saves the Fair , Putt-Putt , and a few others -RRB- . We loved Reader Rabbit Toddler and Reader Rabbit Baby , which were designed very well . Unfortunately , Reader Rabbit Preschool did not stack up.As usual , the game has a creative story behind it , and there is a goal that involves collecting things . These are wonderful motivators . However , the game skill levels seem either much to easy -LRB- matching bugs -RRB- or pretty advanced -LRB- counting out just the right number of bugs to fill a rocket , including addition and subtraction as the game increases in difficulty -RRB- for a `` typical '' preschooler . I should add that I used to teach preschool and kindergarten , so I have an idea of what is developmentally appropriate . This game ranges from boring to frustrating with very little in between . Some activities , such as the `` painting '' activity at the waterfall , require very very good mouse control , as the shapes tend to be very small , and the child must click in just the right areas.I highly recommend skipping this game . Our son is now happily playing Reader Rabbit Kindergarten -LRB- the Summer Camp one -RRB- with very little trouble .
 First , I loved Reader Rabbit Toddler -- I thought it was cute , suited a large range of -LRB- toddler -RRB- skills and interests , fast paced and not annoying . I ca n't say the same for Reader Rabbit Preschool . My 21/2 yr old likes the three minute music videos lauding the joys of `` Spark-a-lot '' -- I think they 're insipid , annoying , and pointless . They 're not given as a reward for completing an activity and they do n't reinforce anything but the storyline . As for the storyline -- winning a complete set of brillites in order to start a fountain , rescue a ship and save the stars -- was way beyond my 21/2 year old.Game play is confusing -- both for me and my son . It 's very dependent on being able to listen to the directions upfront . As a parent being called in to rescue a frustrated child , I had a hard time figuring out what the goal of the game was at times . I also still have n't gotten my son to sit and listen to the directions by himself -- he just likes the games where he 's already learned the set instructions like the mining game where you have to match gems of a certain shape and color . Some of the games were just too long , and most of them got old fast . I just do n't see the point of counting out a set number of astronauts twenty times just so you can win a brillite . Again , if you 're child already knows the skill -- counting , letters , matching colors and shapes -- then they can practice . If they do n't know the skill , the game wo n't teach it . As is mentioned in other reviews , the game wo n't remove extra choices or highlight the right answer to help , it just keeps repeating the same instructions . So if your child needs more than
 I bought this program for my child over 3 years ago , my computer does n't install it . I use Windows XP profesional with SP1 . I have other programs of the Learning Company , the one who makes this one and had no problems with instalation , only with this one .
 I could n't get this to run on my XP machine . The technical support on the web site was useless , and there is no human technical support available for this product . My 5-year-old -LRB- who loved RR Baby and Toddler -RRB- called it a piece of junk .
 I bought the French Reader Rabbit for reading for my daughter and they were great . I figured that I would try the English version of the kidergarten program for my 3.5 year old son . All the games have a lot of repetitions in them . My son found the pace very slow and soon got very tired of the fact that one has to do all the exercises to get the instruemnt pieces . He played it once and did not want to do it again . Do n't bother if your child is about average intelligence . I have some old Curious George and Dr. Suess CD 's that does not work with XP . My son had a go with them before I got the new operating system and I will certainly try to get updated versions of those for him instead .
 The product I received a `` Digital Imaging '' Media Recovery CD was a product that was supposed to be sold `` with '' a qualifying Video Camcorder or Camera Purchase . It was not supposed to be sold individually as specified on the packaging . The product was also a DEMO CD it was not a full version as I was lead to believe by the Distributor who refused to answer my concerns . Very disappointed the way the distributor handled the whole situation . Amazon , I am sure had no idea of what was going on .
 The games are wonderful . My son loved them all and it kept his attention -LRB- which is not easy -RRB- . After he had played it a few times , it began freezing up or the picture would only be partially displayed and he 'd get very frustrated . I tried totally rebuilding the computer in the event it was a problem with the computer rather than the game but the same problem happened over and over . He also plays the `` JumpStart '' games on the same computer and we never have any problems with those games . They are just as good or better than Reader Rabbit .
 Last night I read all the reviews here , today called 10 stores trying to find it , for my grandsons who just moved here from out of state ... hour drive to get it ... and it absolutely refuses to install under XP pro.The install gets started , and stops cold with a `` can not create directory - Current file
 It looks nicely designed . A baby can use it without having to know how to use the keyboard and mouse . But it crashes Windows XP .
 it is so old that you can only use it with windows 97 any thing newer than that it will not work on
 I have bought 2 of their products and it was terrible , slow , sound is crapy , kids ca n't care less , just plain terrible , better grab a book a read yourself , to avoid
 We bought this game for our 2-1/2 yr old last week and found that the games are too simple , the long instructions are annoying and ca n't be turned off , and you ca n't operate it without the CD . All the games are very easy , more geared towards 1-1/2 to 2 yr olds . Activities include matching letters , popping bubbles , matching animals . Although they are good for teaching mouse control , they are not intellectually challenging and our daughter is already bored with them .
 My first grader was excited about trying the Reader Rabbit CD that I bought , but after about 15 minutes of playing silly games and walking around the virtual world , he complained `` where 's the reading ? '' This software is not really educational software at all in my opinion , but a video game with some educational elements thrown in . A waste of time and money .
 The system requirements are misleading for this 2002 version , this software will not install on Windows 95 as listed . Would n't it be refresh to tell you that tech support apologized and quickly did the right thing - NOT !
 Sept 22 2006Ordered this product from Amazon and received it a week ago . Tried printing some floorplans and the background printed as small light gray dots . The background color is set as white . Tried to get help from Encore but there 's no way to talk to a person . All they have is this online forum that you can post a question on . Posted the question on 9-16-06 and have not received any answer as of today.If I could get my money back for this software I would.Dan Keith
 Bought this product based on its self-described ease of use . I 'm mechanically inclined and computer savvy , but the difficulty in setting this program up -LRB- for even the most simple residential floor plans -RRB- flies in the face of their description . NOT user `` friendly '' ! I would love to send it back for a refund ...
 Another internet security let down . The first problem I encountered was it trying to block Internet Explorer ; my options were `` Allow once '' or `` Deny Once '' , I 'd click `` Allow Once '' since there was no `` Always allow '' option , and up comes the prompt a second later > _ < On top of that , half of the pages I go to wo n't load , downloads freeze , and it made my broadband connection twice as slow . I gave it 2 stars because it does seem to be protecting against attacks but ruining my connection and ability but I 've come to expect this from internet security programs .
 The power supply for this crapped out after only about a year , maybe less . Could n't contact the company about it because their website was 404ed .
 If version 6.0 of MediaStudio Pro is any good , I 'll never know . It 's very buggy and works about half the time . Worst of all , their customer service department has not responded to any of my email asking for help . Too much money for something that 's not ready for prime time . To bad because it has some nice features .
 This product is made up of 5 individual programs that import and export each others ' file formats . The most important one , Video Editor , worked pretty well , IMO . I was able to construct my video without too much trouble , and the interface is intuitive . It 's not as good as an Avid station or Final Cut , but it got the job done.The place where this really falls down is their Video Capture software , which crashes incessantly . Really , unless you follow a VERY narrow path of click here , click there , you 're almost certain to crash . Not only that , but the DV support is EXTREMELY buggy . I found that if I tried to capture the exact same clip twice , the software would get it slightly wrong - starting a frame or two too early and ending a frame or two early . This is TERRIBLE if you ever want to be able to reconstruct your project , or if you use compressed clips for offlining and the full DV source for onlines . You 'll have to painstakingly tweak all of your edits . Better to take your EDL to a professional studio and have them do it . I wasted hours coping with this issue.If they just fixed the problems surrounding the Video Capture , I think this product would be worth it . As is , though , I wish I 'd gone with something else .
 Ulead has very bad support . The editing program is good enough now that they have release the patch.I have been wasting a lot of time with the capture program that on my machine at least has problems capturing sound . I may or may not get a fix , but if I could find another program to use with my ADS PYRO card I would use it .
 I bought this software 3 months ago and I think it is a piece of c __ p . When I try to scan images in formats which are supposed to be supported , I get error messages saying the image is not supported . When I try to scan simple black and white text I get error messages saying that `` gray images '' can not be scanned . what a gray image is I have no idea . You can keep this software ; better yet , take mine !!!
 For that price , I expected much more . You only get an overview of the camera 's features . No editing tips or raw format handling tricks . Really not worth the money . Read your manual ; you 'll learn more .
 Other than the backgrounds and screensavers , it is of NO use . Very disappointed with this mandrake , do yourself a favor and do n't fall for the five star reviews . A diaper has more functionality than linux does , the worst part is it actually cost moeny.Not very pleased , use Windows it actually works !
 The product advertises 100,000 images . The vast majority are through its internet site . Those images are poor - arrows , buttons , etc. . The clip art that is available on the CD is moderately useful , but looks to be created by one person - around half are of poor quality .
 All the art on this CD is very `` cartoonish '' ... great for some things , but most people like a little variety . I spent $ 10 more and got a different brand 's 200,000 images package . There was no comparison ... the other brand had photos , fonts , `` classy '' and `` cartoonish '' art - a real selection .
 You can not save a graphic . It says
 Have been Mandrake user , loved it . Dual booting withWin 98 & Win 2k & briefly with WinXP . But not since latestversion which is incompatible with dell machines . Swappedout the LG cd-rom with a new Sony cd-rom befoe installingand failed to install . Hope they fix the problem.Moved to SuSe Linux which installed easily after tryingtheir evaluation version which can be downloaded from theirsite as an iso image . -LRB- Takes a long time due to many droppedserver connections even with dsl . -RRB- Mandrake has a downloadable evaluation iso image calledMandrake Move . Downloads faster . Try before buying.Best wishes .
 DVD Rom comics are great , but this collection has a giant ` MARVEL ' watermark superimposed over every page ! Ruins the entire experience . Avoid this one .
 I bought the Spyder 2 Plus believing the Colorvision software would also install on Adobe Photoshop CS2 , but it does n't . I called their support desk and they walked me through the simple procedures unsuccessffully . The person with whom I spoke said that the installation disc was probably corrupted , and I was then directed to their website to download the latest Colorvision Profiler shown , which is dated August 2002 . It is a bit behind the times , apparently , to work with CS2 , because it also didi n't work at all.I do n't know what the PlUS is all about , if its latest downloadable program is three years old , and it does n't funcion with the latest Adobe Photoshop CS2 . This important information is not posted anywhere .
 another reviewer mentioned receiving used equipment . I , too , received a used product - scuffs on the spyder and opened software box . unfortunately , my product was broken as well.the product may be good in theory , but then , it would need to work for me to comment on that particular facet.you may want to consider other alternatives .
 The Spyder 2 promises to calibrate your monitor so that the images on the screen will look more like what is being produced by your printer . It does this by building a profile for your monitor and running that profile when you start your computer . Installation and running of the of the software and the hardware that attaches to the monitor to build the profile was flawless . A little more information in the form of a printed manual or pdf file would have been nice , but the software does a good job of hand-holding and stepping one through the process . With the monitor calibration completed the images on the screen were indeed a little closer to what my printer , an HP 5550 , was producing . From this point of view I would rate the Spyder 4 stars because it does what it says it is going to do.However , more is involved in getting your monitor image and printed image to look identical . Not mentioned in the Spyder 2 information is that each printer also has a profile that must be used to get accurate translation from the screen to paper . And finally , each photo paper is a little different in the colors it produces . Taking all of this together , experience with your monitor , printer and specific type of paper is probably better at insuring success than depending on the Spyder 2 . If I had it to do all over again would I buy the Spyder 2 ? No ! For most people it will simply be an unnecessary and expensive piece of equipment that is not likely to significantly improve their success in printing pictures .
 I had a lot of trouble with this because I was running an auxillary screen from my laptop and had two screens . This product DOES NOT work if you have two screens running off of one video card . Now that I have a desktop with a one to one video card to monitor ration I have had no problems . It calibrates well and is easy to use .
 It is virtually impossible to obtain this product . I have tried to buy this item for over a year without success . The makers of this software really need to get their act together . Very disappointing .
 Pages is a bunch of hype . Underpowered and not really a Word Processor . It 's a very confused piece of design - a hybrid publisher and text editor package - but it is for the most part well designed.I found it to perform badly and regardless of your opinion of Microsoft Office , there will be the inevitable need to share documents with the majority of people you know who are probably using it . Pages supports a very small subset of Word 's features , exports badly , messes up layout and line breaks , and performs terribly in exporting and importing.Apple have pulled off their usual usability feats with Pages , but still there are some annoying behaviors . Font formatting can start to give birth to palettes , the inspector is very discontiguous - example
 I bought iWork for one reason and one reason alone
 Give me a break . I can `` work '' with this application about as well as I can fly on a bicycle . When they have a spreadsheet this may be the real deal . Until then , positive reviews are really the cheerleading of biased MAC evangelicals . That said , the potential with OS X is huge if Apple can deliver the software with hard-core productivity apps .
 I 'm a teacher and I use these kind of applications all the time , so when Apple released iWorks I was bought it and was greatly disapointed with `` Pages . '' This program is great if your just using it for the ready-made templates , but for straight up word processing power , it sorely lacks . The functions you use the most are missing from the main window -LRB- where you need them the most -RRB- It felt like a `` Micky Mouse-ish '' wannabe of `` Word '' If you want it just for the Templates then get it , but if your serious about word processing then avoid this program , it 's got nothin on Microsoft Office 2004 -LRB- even AppleWorks is better for simple word processing -RRB- The only good thing about iWorks is Keynotes , this program outdoes PowerPoint .
 bought the program in good faith , can not use the program because it will not accept the serial number that came with it . contacted apple and was given wrong info to correct the problem . still not able able to do the work i got it for ... please help : -LRB-
 Keynote and Pages , the two applications included in iWork , were flawless under the Panther operating system . The Keynote app has always suffered from its inability to share with PC users . Oh yeah , I know I can convert a Keynote file to Powerpoint , . swf , QuickTime , or PDF , but the problem is that , especially when converting to PowerPoint , Keynote loses all its buttery-rich goodness . It 's a PowerPoint problem , I realize , but without a Keynote viewer , there 's no way around it . Thus , Mac folks must rely on Microsoft for slide presentations if they do n't want to lug around their Mac laptop.Also , installing Tiger will mess up the purchased Keynote templates you have saved . Even reinstalling them wo n't help.My humble advice is to wait a couple of years until Apple fixes the bugs in Tiger , then MAYBE think about using a Mac . Until then , I 'm switching back from a Mac to a PC .
 How can I write a review when I cant install it because the guy that sold to me used the security codes . What I can say is that I will not be buy anything else from you people & telling everyone about my experience of throwing money down the drain.Bill Kushmick
 I bought iWork largely for Pages , which promised to be a good layout tool , and , I hoped , a Microsoft Publisher-like program . -LRB- Now , I am a Mac switcher , and not having a consumer-level layout program available for OSX is really a bummer . -RRB- It 's fine if you like preset layouts and have a deep digital photo collection , but it is difficult to create your own layouts and work with them . I 'll wait for Pages 2.0 .
 I had high hopes for Pages , Apple 's new Word Processing Application , but these hopes were shattered once I tried to design a newsletter with it.I find the interface unintuitive , unlike most Apple software , and the templates are not easily customizable . What 's more , the application continues to mysteriously `` erase '' work that I have done , even after I have saved it.Apple , I know you can do better than this ...
 Olympus tech support told me on the phone that this software would support the E-300 camera as well as the E-1 , but I now do n't believe this is true . The software errors out with a blue screen and the message BAD_POOL_HEADER whenever the E-300 is connected . I have tried this on two computers with the same result . Installation instructions were followed to the letter for both software and camera . Since I do n't have an E-1 , I ca n't test that , but WATCH OUT IF YOU HAVE AN E-300 AND WANT TO USE THIS SOFTWARE . Of course , after the fact , Olympus was no help whatsoever , and the software is non returnable once opened . Total waste of cash on my part .
 800 number gives you a recording advising that Cosmi no longer is accepting calls . Does n't work on Windows 7 , but does n't bother mentioning this in ad . Do n't order . They 're just selling off their leftover stock I would assume . Amazon should quickly distance themselves from this company . I have nothing but good things to say about Amazon so please do n't blame this on them .
 This program is a waste of time . Limited in the functionality that todays computer users are accustomed to and hangs up constantly . This may have been a `` Perfect '' contact managar 10 or 15 years ago but should be retired by now ...
 First the Multimedia SpanishVery basic without much interraction . There are 4 levels with 4 areas each . -LRB- The beach , the classroom , etc. . . -RRB- Each area has its verb vocabulary and other vocab section . You only get more or less 14 of each , so maybe 30 words per section . The first level is a little different in that it has pictures you click on in a house and it says the word for objects . Problem is you click on the TV and it says mono and turns on with a picture of a monkey . The fire / fireplace is translated wood . The first section is supposed to get you use to the sounds of the language but I think it is confusing.The vocabulary is lacking in the whole program and in the first section , misleading because it is undefined . They have one interactive part where you match the conjugation to the noun . They have spaces after Yo , Tu , Ud . el ella , nosotros , vosotros , and Uds . and then at the bottom ... example being ser ; soy , eres , es , somos , sois , son . You drag and drop them to the correct position . Not exactly hard after the first time.I would call this a very introductory CD to some vocabulary . The dialogs are a bit fun to listen to but I do n't know how helpful . They are short with the same vocab . . The Dictionary - The dictionary , on the plus side , is multilingual ... Spanish , French , German , Sweedish , Italian , Dutch and Portugese . You have to select the language and which direction to translate but then it seems to work as a basic dictionary . Helps with spelling issues.Overall - I got this for my son who is in Spanish 1 and I think it might help his vocabulary in combination with his class . As for a stand alone product , it wo n't teach you , period . It has a date of 2003 but seems more like a product made in the early 90s , before Win95 . I think it probably was made sometime then and then updated -LRB- not really -RRB- to work with later versions of Windows . There are a lot of better programs out there .
 This CD rom even comes with TUTORIALS ! I still ca n't get past them to get to the real designs I want to make . The directions are written for people who need a degree in computer engineering . I have a decent knowledge of computers , Access , Excel , Word , etc. . I thought it would be relatively easy once I got the `` hang of it . '' I ca n't find a `` back '' or `` erase '' button like on Word , to delete or erase the most recent action , so I end up having to start over again . And again . And again . I was so excited to use this because I 'm so sick of going to craft stores and seeing nothing but ugly cross-stitch kits for flower bouquets , kitchen decor or farm animals . This CD is a waste of time and money . Do n't bother .
 when I got the product I was really happy at first until I tried to load in my own picture . the picture came out distorted and could not make out some parts of the faces of the people in the picture .
 I had high hopes of converting a poem to a pattern . After several attempts , I am still unable to do so . Instructions are not as easy as described in the offering .
 It is a decent program -LRB- PC Stitch -RRB- and it loaded fine but when I went to use it , it would not work with my version of Windows Vista . It was and older program and I could not find anything on it on the web but again I did n't look that hard.The program is good i 'm sure for it 's day but I found a newer version and it works really well . I did not try to make it compatible in my current OS .
 My title says it all . I was HOPING I would be able to share with you all the joys of having this program . I 've been WISHING since day 1 of purchasing it I 'd have something to show for the purchase . I 'm sure as hell HOPING I can come back later and write a steller review once I know what the hell I 'm doing . I AM a musician so it pains me even more to have nothing to show for it . I bought the software in April . I was like a little kid trying to sustain my excitement about it . I wanted to leave school so bad , I tried to beat my students out the door so I could get home and tear it out the box and get started ! I was dissapointed when I could n't even get a sound . Everyday I 'd rush home only to force myself to bed a 2AM with continued dissapointment . I had other projects going on simultaneously so I had to bag it until school was out . Once I was finished with work , I began the task again . I soon find out that the driver was n't Vista compatible though it 's suppose to be available for download now . I 've tried to download it , but I 've been unsuccessful still . I 'm sure it 's my own errors somewhere , but it 's not that easy to find where I 'm msking the mistake . Cakewalk does n't have a toll free tech support line . I do n't care as long as I could speak to someone that can help me find my errors and possibly walk me through the configurations -LRB- no wonder their website suggest checking the forums and emailing your problems . After all the internet is `` free '' , so why speak to someone when you can use the web for `` free '' . Last month I noticed I was still paying for my internet service . How come no one told me I could get the internet for free ? Damn ! -RRB- . Though I was on hold for 15 minutes to a number in Boston , I have `` free '' long distance on my cell and I still have plenty of `` free '' anytime minutes to boot so , what difference did it make as long as I got the help ! I was so happy to know if you send tech support an email , you should get a response within 48 HOURS . Whew , I thought they were gon na say a week , but 48 made my day even more . I must point out they did reply back at a little under 12 hrs . Here 's the responce I received : `` Thank you for contacting Cakewalk Technical Support . Completelyuninstall SONAR Power Studio and the driver . Find and delete the fileAUD.INI from the Cakewalk program folder . Now install the latestdriver from our site . Reinstall Power Studio.If you still ca n't hear anything or receive driver errors , make surethe sampling rate on the SPS matches SONAR 's under Options | Audio.You may have to power down the SPS for it to take effect . Otherwise , go to Options | Audio | Advanced and change the Driver Mode to ASIO.Close the program and re-open it . If that fails , find and delete thefile AUD.INI from the Cakewalk program folder . Open Cakewalk andchange the Driver Mode again.I hope that helps . `` I guess they 're really busy there . I do n't expect them to cater to me or ask for my forgiveness , but I felt a little unimportant to them . Needless to say , I 'm still having trouble -LRB- that 's why I 'm writing this review at 3:45 AM -RRB- I do promise to comeback and write a better review once I know what the hell I 'm doing and/or I 'm satisfied . I thought I was pretty descent when it came to dealing with pc set ups and issues with softwares , but I guess they 've shown me -LRB- such a humbling experience -RRB- . I know from here on out , I will do as much research on tech/customer support as I will product .
 I tried to use this product to download my own DVD 's to my iPod . It says that it can copy any movie . They did n't says that did not include copyrighted material . However , it failed to copy a noncopyrighted DVD that I made myself . Two thumbs down to this product . Why can you download your own CD 's into iTunes but not your own movies ? Bummer . I really did n't want to give this product any rating stars , but had to give it 1 in order to post this review .
 I could n't use this software at all . My iPod was n't recognized as a data-transfer device . I do n't know whether the problem is my computer , the software , or my iPod . It may not be the software 's fault -LRB- so maybe the 1 star is unfair -RRB- but , either way , X-Oom did nothing for me. : - -LRB-
 I will definitely NOT buy this product . I refuse to be RIPPED OFF $ 10 for EACH AND EVERY time you e-maill or call customer service . This is totally ludicrous , and the support service should be included with the purchase of the product . Apparent Nuance Dragon Naturally Speaking is trying to squeeze every nickle and dime out of their customers . I refuse to by any product by a company that will do that to their customers . I think this is about the ONLY company that charges for their support . Try to find an alternative voice recognition software company who will support their product free of charge . SHAME ON YOU , NUANCE DRAGON NATURALLY SPEAKING .
 I 've played nearly every Nancy Drew Game . This one was hard , and was n't that interesting . The `` research '' you need to do is boring , and tedious . I never even finished the game , as it was so boring .
 Normally when I read a review of a product , I am skeptical when I read a bad review . I figure that the person writing the review is a tech luddite , a crank , or a perpetual complainer . Well , I do n't think I qualify on either of those accounts . Would never buy another Huey or Pantone product again.The good news
 I made the mistake of buying this product without searching it out online first . I am a graphics designer and I needed my monitors calibrated . After using this product , my monitor ended up having a very bad pink cast as I later went out to read a lot of people are having . The company admits of flawed manuracturing and promises to raplace the device if you want to wait a few weeks . I could not get in touch with customer support , they put me in a voicemail marry go arround which circles arround in the same prompts ... absolute horrible experience . I ca n't beleive that Apple Stores are carying this piece of garbadge , after the great reputation that company has . When a company admits to having flawed products , do not sell them for $ 130.00 people , discontinue it until you fix it . I would rather pay $ 300 for a model that works , rather then having to deal with this bs all day long , and now having to make another trip to the store to return it .
 This would probably be quite a good product , and useful too , that is if the Pantone people bothered to tell you that it WILL NOT WORK with earlier versions of Photoshop -LRB- certainly 5.5 anyway . I was seriously annoyed when , having installed the software and calibrated the monitor it wiped out Photoshop . You can re-install Photoshop , however , it 's to no avail as subsequent fact finding has shown that the color profile it creates will not work with early Photoshop versions . All it takes is a warning from Pantone at time of purchase and in their many reviews . Now I have to buy a later Photoshop version -LRB- which I really do not need -RRB- in order to use Huey . Pantone - NOT GOOD ENOUGH !
 Following the instructions to a ` T ' - Each of the four monitors I have tried this on end up with different results . I installed the software and device on my workstation which has two LCD screens . After calibrating each monitor per HUEY , the monitors do not display content with the same color or intensity . In example , if I take a blue box from screen one over to screen two , it will now be a duller grayish blue appearance . Reds end up with a browner appearance on one of the monitors . I tried the software and device on my wife 's dual screen workstation - though the results were different , the screens still did not display colors the same . As an added point - the onscreen colors were nowhere near the actual Pantone Chips that this product is suppose to ensure matching .
 I have two monitors on Nvidia GeForce FX 5200 . I calibrated them with the Huey Pro . However the results are two very different colors on two monitors . It is difficult to figure out which is correct and if this little device really works .
 As many others have reported before me there are a lot of defective units of the Pantone Huey Pro . I happened to receive one in my recent purchase from Amazon.After contacting Pantone 's customer support I was promised a new Huey Pro within 7 to 10 business days . -LRB- +1 star for support staff -RRB- Let 's be hopeful that the new one does n't give me PINKISH WHITES . : T6/12/09 Update : The replacement unit I got from Pantone leaves a very slight blue overcast . I do n't even know if I should bother asking for another replacement . This product is garbage . ~ Quinnyfizzle
 I purchased this item , when it came in I hooked it up and started to calibrate . I immediately noticed the colors did not seem right . After a week of messing up pictures I called into Pantone tech support and discovered this product has a hardware bug that causes a green color cast on some monitors . I have a Samsung Syncmaster 2253bw and it is one of them . As of this writing they say it `` might '' be fixed within a month but ca n't guarantee it . I have been out time and money and looks like a have to get another calibration system - I just wanted to let people know before they end up like my situation .
 I purchased this product and have found it to be completely useless . The calibration tool is impossible to use and I was never was able to get the color correct . Finally it gave me a bright green cast . I contacted the manufacturer who admitted the unit was faulty and asked me on the warranty status . I replied and never received a response.I once met a rep for Pantone at a professional photographer 's seminar and he admitted to me that the Huey Pro was a complete waste of time.It always goes back to the saying that you always get what you pay for .
 This product did not work on any of the three monitors I tried to calibrate . It turned everything green . It 's either an untrustworthy product or a faulty one .
 Yes , it 's true.The Huey Pro suffers from poor quality control and , as expected , a large number of units are defective . All my calibrations had a prominent green cast , on every monitor I tried it with . I contacted Pantone in the US and was told this product is at the end of its life cycle and will no longer be manufactured and that I should return it to Amazon.They recommended I purchase Colormunki Display , which costs an extra $ 100 . Thanks , Pantone.For that much I 'll be looking at the Sypder 4 ProIf you 're lucky , Pantone will send you a free upgrade - that was not my case.I do not recommend it .
 Pantone huey Pro MEU113On its face , one would believe based on PANTONE being an Industry Standard with regard to accurate color proofing and reproduction , any device they chose to market should be reliable - such is NOT the case with the PANTONE hueyPRO . Ideally this unit would be the perfect solution for most people looking for accurate color calibration on a budget , and still having the illusion of reliability based on the PANTONE reputation , but such was not the case.The device itself is quite simple to setup physically , it has a small footprint on one 's desktop -LRB- which is a plus -RRB- and the software installation and setup is fairly straightforward , so I was able to run that first calibration in just a few minutes after unpacking the device - sadly the first calibration resulted in a very noticeable green cast to my screen . Accepting the possibility of human error on my part , I went over the whole installation process again step by step , attempted a second calibration and again was rewarded with the same green cast . I checked to make sure I had the most recent software version for this model -LRB- which I did -RRB- and also made absolutely sure there were no system software conflicts listed on the PANTONE site -LRB- and there were none -RRB- - given the possibility there was some undocumented procedure , and also the fact the hueyPRO comes with a one-year warranty I contacted their Customer Service/Support Center for assistance , because as it was , the default , generic monitor profile that comes with the computer was more accurate than the hueyPRO , and I could ` eyeball ' a better calibration than that which resulted from using the device enhanced calibration of the hueyPRO.Initially Customer Service answered my query within a timely fashion and offered a replacement unit FREE of charge , which at the time I thought that was quite impressive , but have since come to find is nothing more than a placative measure - although a replacement unit was promised quickly , it took over a week to arrive and after using the provided software that came with the second unit , to remove the installed software of the first unit , restarting the computer and then reinstalling the software yet again from this new disk , I was again rewarded for all my efforts and patience with yet another green cast calibration ! In contacting PANTONE yet again , they were not so quick in their replies this time , and as I waited I did a bit of research on the Internet regarding this `` green cast '' associated with the `` hueyPRO '' and found many numerous incidents of this problem and that most of these had no resolution - when finally PANTONE Customer Service did respond , they made a lame conciliatory offer to replace the second flawed unit with a more costly unit -LRB- ColorMunki -RRB- but at a reduced price to make up for my troubles ; the offer looked good at first , but when you factored in the cost of what I was out already for the original first unit , and added the ; `` reduced price '' to that , I would end up actually spending MORE for the ColorMunki that was offered as opposed to having bought it outright to start with ! Since I originally wanted accurate color calibration for less than $ 100 , being made an offer of something that would end up costing me over $ 200 was NOT a solution , so I politely declined - another ten days pass even though I was promised a timely alternative solution , and when that `` solution '' was finally forthcoming , it was first prefaced by a very lame , conditional excuse alleging that 2 % of all the hueyPRO units are defective , but I find it rather odd you can buy one from a reseller and have that one be defective and that would just be the simple ` luck of the draw ' - BUT , to get a second unit randomly pulled from PANTONE warehouse stock to also be similarly flawed is much higher than their alleged 2 % odds - I told them that I believed their percentages to be skewed and that we could prove that fact by sending me a third unit and should it also prove to have the same green cast , then we -LRB- PANTONE and myself -RRB- would both know the truth of the matter - no unit was ever forthcoming ... I have since returned the original unit to the reseller for a full refund minus the 15 % it cost me to ship it back to them - they were very nice about taking the unit back and refunding my money in a timely fashion - so kudos to Amazon.com and GizmosForLife and with regard to PANTONE - well all I can say is the one-year warranty is n't worth the paper it is written on , their Customer Service and Support is abysmal and non-responsive and their reputation is now questionable - I should have saved up the extra money and purchased the ColorVision Spyder and I would advise anyone considering buying a hueyPRO to do the same!So - currently , a month after my original need for accurate color calibration , I have wasted a tremendous amount of time dealing with PANTONE to no resolution , I still do n't have a color calibration device , AND I have LESS money towards attaining that device than I started with originally - Thanks PANTONE !
 I purchased mine in April 2011 and it is now no longer working . I am going to take a look at DataColor 's Spyder 4 .
 I used my Pantone huey Pro with the latest software version -LRB- hueyPro 1.5 -RRB- to calibrate my Dell 2001FP LCD monitor and ended up with a reddish/pinkish tint . My monitor was clean and I tried multiple times with varying ambient lighting but the tint remained . I thought maybe this * was * accurate and that I just needed to get used to it . Unfortunately , the tint was just too severe to get used to . Plain white , for instance , just did n't look white at all . And reading the other reviews , it seems I 'm not the only one who had this problem.I eventually game up and returned the Pantone huey Pro . I bought aColorVision Spyder2 Express Win/Macinstead . The resulting calibration has been much more reasonable .
 Do n't buy this . I wish I could return it and get another product , from a different company . Their support is terrible . They have n't updated the product for Snow Leopard on the Mac , even though 10.6 was released well over a year ago . You have to restart System Preferences in 32 bit , and then the results do n't always stay - often times they go away when running your system in 64 bit . And most graphics people are running 64 bit . Their website is terrible and offers no help on this issue and no way to contact them . The product is OUTDATED as of Nov. 2009 , and here we are a year later and still no updates . ... 2 years later and not only is there no Snow Leopard update , but no Lion update either.Pantone 's customer service is practically non-existent . I can not stress enough
 Plain and simple , this does n't work . It made the color on my monitor a horrible green cast . Pantone sent a replacement , which then gave the monitor a horrible red cast . Both hueyPros made my monitor much worse than when I started .
 I am a semi-professional photographer and in the interest of saving money I purchased this for my color management . Assuming my copy gave typical results , I find it useless , I calibrated my macbook pro and an external lcd monitor and there was a significant difference after calibration . the external monitor was cooler by several hundred degrees kelvin . if you want color management i suggest you purchase one of the more trusted products such as the Spyder 2 pro or eye-one . I have worked in retail for years until recently and the moral of the story is you get what you pay for .
 I have two monitors and it calibrates them differently , which means one or both is inaccurate . I 'm still struggling to return it . It 's not very self-sufficient either . It relies on you to help calibrate it and make adjustments . And you have to keep going through the calibration process regularly .
 Despite all the negative reviews I purchased this product as I read some positive reviews on specialized magazines . At least with my Sony VAIO TXN27N the product just does not work as the screen has a strong magenta cast after calibration . It seems to be a manufacturer problem as PANTONE has a well defined and expedited process in his web site as part of the Q&A ; for this product , to receive back the failing unit and ship a new one . . I think they have serious manufacturing issues and decided to handle this case by case rather than a product recall which is a shame for a company with such a good reputation as PANTONE . I sent the info to PANTONE 2 hrs after receiving my product , 2 business days went by and I have yet to receive an answer -LRB- to be fair they promise 2-3 biz days -RRB- I will re-post once I receive the replacement unit.Save your money and look for something else , or gamble and see if you get a working unit at first attempt .
 Let me preface this review by saying that I have not had a chance to use this item to its fullest due to a certain lack of online resources -LRB- such as a user forum or a place where I can ask questions -RRB- . They may be there but I have not found them.The product is well presented . Installation was easy and flawless . It does everything as intended except for one thing
 I recently purchased the Pantone Huey Pro , and was terribly dissatisfied.I tried it first on my office PC at home , and after `` Calibration '' the results were just really bad . Everything was sort of more reddish/yellowish than before -LRB- you can toggle to compare -RRB- . At first I thought , well maybe my eyes are just off - used to the old bad color ? So I pulled out some of my print work and held it up to the screen with both settings . The original setting was almost a perfect match and the Huey just looked very off.So then I thought maybe it 's just my home office monitor - maybe it was so well calibrated in the first place , Huey did n't know what to do with it ? For the record I use a Gateway FPD2485W full HD 24 '' that I purchased from Best Buy almost 21/2 years ago now for a cool $ 650 . It has built in calibration , which I really like , and when CS3 still had Adobe Gamma , I used that on it , too.So to try a newer , less calibrated monitor thinking that perhaps the Huey would do better on it - I took it to my place of empoyment where I 've been working for almost three months now . The monitor was purchased new for me there , and is an HP LP2475W . It does not have any built in calibration , so I thought perhaps the Huey would do better . Not so much.Again the results were just not quite right - in fact I do n't even think they were really better than how I had it . I wish I could say I had gotten some improvement , but quite honestly again when comparing a press printed piece with what was on screen - my own tweaking of the simple settings seemed to look better than Huey 's . I would stay away from the Pantone Huey Pro .
 the installation of the huey pro is realy simple . the calibration is easy with going . the wizard works fine . the huey pro works realy fast and it supports dual-screen . it takes about 5 min/screen . after calibrating my screens -LRB- 1CRT ,1 TFT ,1 notebook -RRB- are kind of reddish . first i thought i did something wrong . after trying to calibrate some more times the result was even the same . for that reason i registered at the pantone help forum , where i posted the problem . the reaction of the pantone support in the help forum was not realy quick -LRB- 20 days -RRB- . because i purchased the huey pro from germany i decided to call the pantone europe support in germany . the german support told me , that there might be a problem with one of the color sensors - seems that the problem occures sometimes and they know about it . so i sent the huey pro to the support , two days after that i had a brandnew huey pro . calibrated my monitors and ... they are reddish . now i 'm going to sent the huey pro in for one last chance ...
 Purchased this for a brand new Macbook 13 '' running Leopard . Have used other brand colorimeters for several years on CRT displays.The HueyPro is easy to install and instructions are clear , but the results are completely unusable . Tried profiling with normal room lights , without any room lights , and in daylight . All resulted in a strong magenta cast . Back to the store it goes.Also tried it on a PC with a Sony CRT display . Same problem .
 I 've got a brand new Macbook Pro , and a Dell 24 '' LCD . After calibration , the monitors had a disturbing shade of magenta on them . Tried to find workarounds ... spent a lot of time ... but no use . Scoured the Internet and found a lot of people have this problem.It CAN NOT deliver on it 's number one promise
 I do n't recommend it!Pantone Huey is very easy to use , but it give a very poor result!I have compared three calibrators
 It says easy to install , just plug and play . I had to found and download drivers for my plug and play monitor and video card to make sure they had the latest updates . After I installed and reintalled the Huey , it still would not see the device . I would open the program and it would crash at start up . I looked up on line why and it said because it does not see my monitor . Why is such an easy program so dame . Hard to install ?
 I was disappointed in this tool . I had hoped that it would help with color matching between my systems . Instead it made the colors worst , blues became purple on screen while printing blue on the printers . I think I did everything right , but who knows.Bottom line , it was a waste of money for me as it did the opposite of what I thought t would . Too bad .
 I was looking forward to having -LRB- from what I had heard -RRB- a very good calibration system . Well , after installing it and running the calibrater it rendered a VERY magenta cast to my calibration . I tried everything to correct for this problem . After a couple wasted hours I came across the FAQ on Pantone 's site and come to find out , it is much more common than they would like to admit . I submitted several tech support emails and have yet to hear back from them . I am returning it back to Amazon as defective product and let them deal with it . Do n't buy it ... spend more money or rely on your own eyes for a much more accurate rendition of color !
 I ordered a HueyPro to calibrate my monitors . HueyPro had been advertised in photography magazines and seemed well-reviewed . When I received and installed it , it was defective -LRB- produced a red hue on both computers/monitors I used it on -RRB- . I contacted Pantone , who said they are having trouble with defective HueyPro 's , and that I should follow the instructions on their help site to get a replacement . Three weeks , two email follow-ups and two phone calls later , I have yet to receive a response from any complaint , or a replacement HueyPro . They keep saying they are `` going to ship the replacements . '' How do they expect to stay in business with product quality and customer service like this?Don ' t buy it .
 This is a nifty item , however I had a problem with it making my new iMac screen look pink -LRB- which I see was F. Lau 's problem too -RRB- . . It is good to note that no matter which lighting I used the screen calibration always came out the same -LRB- meaning it was reading the colors coming out of my monitor consistently -RRB- . Bad to note though , that I emailed the tech people at Pantone and they never got back to me . I plan on returning this product unless I can get them by phone and they can fix it . They get one more chance . It might work fine on other monitors . If it happens to work on yours , I think it 's a good product to get .
 Despite a few reviews that said a defective product cast a red tone on the monitor , I ordered the Huey Pro . I had read that customer service at Pantone sent a new product out in 2 days and decided even if I got a defective product , it would be corrected quickly . The setting flexibility in the Huey Pro seemed worth the possible hassle.I got my Huey Pro and installed it . Had a red cast on my monitor and so downloaded an update from Pantone as a previous buyer suggested . Still a red tone . I contacted customer service online and reported the problem . Over 3 weeks , I updated my customer service request several times and called the 800 number but had to leave a message . Still no response . Nada.I finally called the store that sold the product and they are sending a replacement . I hope it works . If not , I will return it and buy something else.At this point , I suggest you not bother with this product or company .
 this product absolutely would not work for me . support staff at pantone tried hard to help ... sent me 3 additional units to try . three hueypro devices gave me a distinct red cast and the fourth turned things yellow-green . used the latest software updates and tried to calibrate with each multiple times in different lighting conditions . support staff at x-rite was useless , wanting only to sell me a much more expensive device . i 'm returning them all ...
 So you 've read a bunch of people say it turned their screens pink . I am also one of those people.What am I using :2 x 23-inch Apple Cinema displaysCanon Pro9000 printerwith Apple Aperture 2/Adobe Photoshop CS in between.Serious photographer here , consistently frustrated with my on-screen color vs. printed color when using Huey Pro , I deactivated the Huey profiles and calibrated using my eyes and the internal calibration system of Mac OSX . Results are not perfect , but much more accurate than Huey . Now I am looking for a device that actually WORKS.Summary
 I 'm normally not so negative on a product , but this really is one of the worst I 've used . No matter what I did , my MacBook Pro and Apple 23 '' Cinema Display ended up looking pinkish/brown . I 've read numerous reports of this , but still took the plunge . I 've also read of people getting slightly different results between identical Hueys , so clearly this device is not being tested correctly . In any case , the product may in fact work if you get a GOOD one , but since that 's a risk nobody wants to take , there 's no possible way to recommend this device . I since bought a Spyder2 and have had nothing but joy from it.Stay away .
 Used it to calibrate three different monitors - an old 16 '' Eizo LCD , a Dell laptop , and a Compaq laptop , and all came out looking the same shade of magenta . Just did n't work and had to return it .
 The software has never been updated for Snow Leopard . I will not buy a Pantone Huey product again . They have a perfectly substantial sized Mac user base in the graphics arts community and to not update this took which is still in production is unprofessional . The results when I used in on Tiger were ok .
 Do n't get this piece of gadget ! Thought that I might be able to get one without the color cast problem as alot of people have mentioned in here already but it 's true . Do n't buy it . The first one gave me a red color cast and same goes for the second one I requested from Pantone . Just in case , if you want to request for a second one to try , I 'd suggest emphasizing on the urgency of you needing a replacement quick , otherwise it will take a really long time until you receive it.With the same experience with second one I 've received , I 've decided to return the item back to Amazon . Yeah , it 's inexpensive/cheap but does n't do anything . It 's a waste of money and time .
 out the box and the first calibration came out with a reddish overcast . i thought i did something wrong so i tried it again - same results . we then took it to another crt monitor and it had the same results , as did a lcd monitor we tested.after looking around the net it seems the problem is fairly common , they 've got quite a few defective units floating around , just check newegg 's comments . they do n't fix them , they ask for you to toss out the old one instead of shipping it back.it 's not so bad if you were to get a defective unit and get a replacement promptly , but with pantone you wo n't even get response from their customer service for days . i was on day 3 -LRB- business days - 5 normal days -RRB- without any update to my support ticket when i called . if you need to do call be prepared for a long wait - it 's a long distance call for most so be prepared to absorb the charges . every 2 min or so you 'll have to update your request to wait or just leave a voice mail - which i would n't do since they were ignoring me for 3 working days already.i talked to them on the 7th and i 'm still waiting for my replacement -LRB- today 's may 14th , no update and no replacement yet -RRB- . a cheap old $ 90 is taking quite a while to get replaced . i 've had more expensive equipment replaced next day at no charge with other vendors . and they did n't wait for me to ship the original item back first.stay away from this unless you got tons of patience and like dealing with non-responsive csrs .
 Received the huey pro and tried calibrating about 5 times in different environments . Red tint evertime . Returned it . This was all tried on a dell precision laptop running vista
 When I set up my monitor with the Heuy Pro , it produced a magenta color cast to the screen . I found a help page on the Pantone site that admits this is a fault in some units . They assure me that they will send me another unit after I fill out an on-line form . Here 's hoping !
 I had the same problem as everybody else who had a problem , the whole monitor turned pink . I should have listened but did n't . Returning was easy with Amazon and free so no real harm done , just a waste of time .
 I installed . Easy installation . I calibrated the device and checked the color against a picture with and without control . Without looked better . The screen had a pink background . I will try on another LCD to see if it is different . Still undecided .
 I use this on a 2009 Mac Pro . It did not always , but now leaves a green color cast when used as directed . That is an issue I have repeatedly seen in online discussions about the product . To make matters worse , the company does not reply to emails about the product . I 've had the item for a number of years , so I do n't expect a replacement or refund , but I do expect a reply from support . I have learned to stop making purchases from companies that ignore their customers . Goodbye , Pantone .
 I have both Huey and Huey Pro which I got in order to calibrate Dual LCD monitors . It used to work very well , although the 2 monitors failed to give the exact same colors . You could tell the calibration did not match because if you moved an image from one monitor to another they were not quite the same - but close enough.Then I installed Windows 7 64bit , as an alternate Dual Boot OS -LRB- to my the original Win XP 64bit OS -RRB- and the Huey Pro Calibration no longer works at all . Both monitors are way off and also in disagreement with each other . The calibration steps works just fine but the end result is useless.Since the Huey Pro calibration works pretty well under one Win XP , but fails under Win 7 on the SAME EXACT hardware -LRB- same motherboard , CPU , video card , and same 2 monitors -RRB- the unescapable conclusion is that the Huey Pro software is incompatible with Win 7 . Pantone should make a new Windows 7 compatible driver available . Otherwise , the Huey hardware becomes a paper weight -LRB- except for Windows XP users -RRB- . I called Pantone and they gave me some BS stuff about upgrading my video card driver , using a different video card . As I suspected it was all nonsense , latest video driver upgrade made no difference , nor a was there any improvement with a new video card.I called Pantone again and this time the fellow admitted that they did not make the Huey and therefore there was no real tech support.Consequently I will never purchase any Pantone product in the future and advise everyone else to avoid them if possible . When a company fails to stand behind their product and makes lame , stupid , excuses , they do n't deserve our patronage . It 's a shame because the Huey used to work well I have in the past given it a 4 out of 5 stars .
 I have owned this product for two years and ca n't say it did anything particularly well but it did n't hurt to use it . Recently it refused to work , giving me a message that the calibrator had to be upgraded to use the software -LRB- after using it for two years ! -RRB- . When I contacted Pantone they told me they do n't sell it anymore and I should purchase a Color Munkiat $ 169 . Great ! So do n't waste your 80 bucks on this , there 's no support .
 I purchased a huey pro after buying a new Laptop . My Thinkpad came with a Huey Pro brand color calibrator built into the frame so that I could color correct my laptop 's monitor whenever I chose . The software that came pre-installed promised that I would be able to adjust the color on a peripheral monitor after buying a Huey pro brand USB device . As a graphic artist , I am very concerned about the color accuracy of a monitor I am using . More importantly , since I use two monitors -LRB- the other being a Cintiq -RRB- , knowing that both monitors are displaying relatively similar colors is important . I plugged the Huey pro device into my laptop and installed the appropriate drivers . Then opened the color correction software that came pre-installed on my laptop and attempted to color correct both monitors . The built in software refused to recognize the Huey pro peripheral . Worse yet , after installing the software that came with the device , the Huey pro failed to match the color on both of my monitors . Its bad enough that I have to install redundant software to make your device function , but the fact it did a terrible job made me furious . I do not recommend this device .
 I had purchased a Huey some years ago and put it aside after realizing that color matching to photo print output was much closer without it . After upgrading my printer and changing OS to Vista 64 , thought I would try again after first confirming that a new Huey Pro should work with Vista 64 . The result is color that is farther away from matching the print . I purchased new through a retailer that wo n't take it back . I think I 've finally learned my lesson about Huey !
 Since i bought this about a month ago it has given me nothing but trouble . . - Falls of the screen - The whole screen gets a green tint when you calibrate . - Pantone/x-rite support does not exist.The only god thing about this buy was amazon , super fast delivery ! : -RRB- But , If youre looking at this , buy another calibrator .
 When I used the product for calibrating my LCD monitor , the screen had a slight reddish or orange cast . When I went to Pantone 's technical support website , apparently this was a common thing and that their solution to this problem was to replace the unit . Does this mean that we are using the instrument to calibrate our monitors when theirs is not calibrated at all ? Forget about getting any answer from their technical support . I posted my question weeks ago and the only reply I got was that they would get back to me in a few days . It 's been almost 2 months now .
 Well done product overall , with great accessories and software . Unfortunately , it was not compatible with my MacBook -LRB- 2007 edition -RRB- or with a Samsung LCD screen -LRB- SyncMaster 152T -RRB- . On both screens , the collor correction resulted in a reddish/pinkish screen . Even turning the huey sideways during the calibration process -LRB- recommended on some web sites -RRB- did not fix this problem . It appears that the anti-glare coating on both screens creates problems for huey 's color detection . I returned the product to Amazon and received a refund without any hassels .
 After following the published instructions as to the calibration of two different LCD 's , several times through , the results were left in worse case than non-calibration . My investment is a total loss at this point .
 I have heard so much over the years of the HueyPantone huey Pro MEU113and was very excited to finally get one . Unfortunately , it just did n't do what I expected . I tried this on two LCD monitors and the corrected colors on both of them was very greenish . I returned the product - it just was not as expected for me .
 I was happy with this product until it failed after about 2 years . This is too early for a device like this . Pantone 's handling of the matter made me refuse to buy another Pantone/X-Rite product under any circumstance.As I write this review , this product is still in production . You might consider how you feel about buying a product that may have a two year lifetime.Pantone acknowledged on their web site that a number of defective products were sold . Within a certain time frame , they were replaced . I do n't know if my product was in that defective batch because I was merely told that the warranty period was over and that they would not replace it . This was within the promised warranty , but if Pantone wanted loyal customers they needed to have better service . What would have made me happy and loyal would have been an apology for the inconvenience and prompt replacement , regardless of warranty expiration . What would also have worked would have been an explanation -LRB- was mine one of the the defective units ? -RRB- and a replacement if it was known to be defective . Instead , cold adherence to the rule lost them my -LRB- admittedly meager -RRB- future business . I realize my purchase was trivial , but every customer matters .
 I purchased the HueyPro for its reputable `` Pantone '' name . Well , SURPRISE ! The HueyPro gave me consistent pinkish unusable color profiles . After doing research online and looking at other reviews , I see this is a common problem recognized by Pantone . Very disappointed . So I followed Pantone 's instructions to request a replacement . The autoreply said expect a reply in 24 hours . That was sent over 10 days ago , still no response . NOT RECOMMENDED ! Unreliable product from an unreliable company
 It is said in the pantone site that there is a complete compatibility with windows 7 64 bit . That is a lie . I tried to install , uninstall . Install the site version and nothing . It do n't work . Always asks for an upgrade . I bought the huey pro 2 weeks ago , and it is asking for an upgrade , that there is n't available . I had written to pantone and no response and no solution . Not a single word , an excuse an ETA to solution Nothing . They do n't care about their costumers . Please stay away from this device if you have windows 7 64 bit , you will be sorry and will lost money .
 I was never able to successfully calibrate my monitor with this tool . Colors were consistently off target after calibration . It turned out that Nvidia 's calibration software gave the desired result , and happened to be bundled with the video card .
 I have been a photographer since 1986 and I 'm also heavily involved in computer technology . This product does not work . After `` calibrating '' , it put a greenish tint on everything . Realizing I had left my room lights on -LRB- flourescent -RRB- and attributing it to that , I turned off the light to make sure all the Huey `` saw '' was the monitor . The green tint got worse . My hand calibrated monitor had much more accurate color rendition . It 's a great idea , but it seems to be somewhat flawed in its execution .
 I have tried calibrating too many times . This was my last straw . I am going by the built in adjustment software on my screens . I have dual screens , so matching is more important . The Huey left them instantly dim and dry . I switched back to my normal profile right away . This Huey was a waste of time and money , just like the Spyder was . I have two laps , a dual screen production desk and a 24 '' social computer . I am a pro designer and not one of them has good color because of any of these calibrators . The only thing that makes them good is taking the time to adjust it by eye , which apparently is much truer to life than the Huey sees it . I have no suggestions other than to avoid this product as well as any of the Spyders ... I tried them all with great hopes , only to be disappointed .
 If this product sounds too good to be true for the price point , that 's because it is . There 's hardly anything `` pro '' about this ; it would be underwhelming even if described as being primarily for hobbyists and consumers . Like most other people have noted , this product turns your screen pink . And in my case , it did much worse
 I design web pages , apps , and icons so I wanted to get something that can calibrate my display so it has relatively true color . I do n't need to worry about print output and do n't have insanely high standards , I just wanted something to get my display in the ballpark of looking right . I connect my MacBook to an external display at my desk and am always bothered by the disparity between the two displays . It 's not significant but enough to be annoying.I used OS X 's built-in calibrator in advanced mode but was never happy with the outcome . I 'm pretty sensitive to color but end up psyching myself out and over tweaking things . I end up creating two dramatically different profiles one right after the other . Getting the two displays to show the similar color at the same time seems like an impossible task with the built-in tools and my neurotic tweaking.I got fed up and decided that I should buy a hardware calibrator to prove my worth as a designer . I looked at the Spyder and Monkee , both of which seemed capable and received generally positive reviews . I figured I should at least try to save a little cash and give the Huey a shot . The nearest competitor that officially supports dual displays is the Spyder Pro , which is a full $ 100 more than Huey . -LRB- It 's worth noting that the Spyder Express reportedly support dual displays on Macs with a little extra effort . -RRB- I did n't expect a miracle but thought I 'd get a relatively solid product from Pantone given the strength of the brand . I could n't have been more wrong.I was so excited to get this guy that I paid for next day shipping -LRB- $ 4 with Prime -RRB- . The hardware is compact and looks better than any of the other calibrators . This is especially important if you plan to keep it on your desk for the ambient light adjustment . At first glance I was pleased with my purchase.I followed the instructions to the letter , cleaning my display before I started . I installed the latest drivers -LRB- 1.5.1 as of 2012-02-28 -RRB- from the Pantone site and calibrated both of my displays . The difference was stunning , but not in a good way . The calibrated profile was very green on my 24 '' LED Apple display . My Macbook Air 's built in 13 '' display had a subtle but noticeable pink hue . The software , though relatively unattractive , is very easy to use but does n't offer any fine grained adjustment . Honestly I would n't want to adjust the profile in the first place . The hardware should create a perfect profile all by itself , the whole point is to remove the possibility of human error . I calibrated the displays a few more times with different levels of ambient light in the room but the outcome was basically the same . This was the case both with and without the continuous ambient light monitoring.It 's worth noting that Apple displays lack a contrast setting so this may work better for other displays where the contrast can be adjusted . The first step of the process asks if the rings in a grayscale circle are visible . My display showed the circle correctly without the need for contrast adjustment so I think the preset contrast setting was right on . I searched for information about using Huey with Apple displays and everything I found confirmed that the contrast steps can be ignored as the displays are already configured with the best setting from the factory . I 'd like to think I received a defective unit but other reviewers seem to have experienced the same pink and / or green problems.Ultimately I 'm really disappointed . I did n't have absurdly high expectations but thought Huey would improve things at least a bit . In fact it made the problem significantly worse than having calibration at all . I certainly got what I paid for with Huey . What a bummer ...
 As far as monitor calibration software/hardware goes , this is at the bottom of the barrel . It 's not to say the product is n't good for the money but it 's very hit and miss as far as an accurate reading goes . It will work brilliantly on some monitors and show a horrible red or blue cast on others as it over corrects . I still ca n't understand why . I 've also come to realize that just about every one in about five of this piece of hardware that comes out of the factory has an inaccurate eye causing it to read false on ALL monitors . I 've found this out from reading TONS of reviews.If you want something really worth keeping , you 're going to have to throw out a good $ 250.00 .
 I 've had this calibrator for just under a year . It has never been updated for use with the current Apple OS , and has recently started producing a strong magenta cast . I 'm afraid it 's going to be throw out - I certainly wo n't be buying anything from X-Rite / Greta Macbeth again . I suggest looking at the Spyder 3 series .
 I 'm sad to report I got the same poor results as the other users . After calibrating , I got a silght pinkish color cast . I tried on two different computer and obtained the same results.I also got the same poor results as other users from customer support . I submitted a trouble ticket per the knowledgr base and got a automated scripted resposnce . The response said that I will be contacted in two working days . It has been 10 working days and I have not heard anything from custoimer service . I tried to follow up with them and still no results.I guess the reviews on this site do have real merit . I will never buy another product from a company that has recieved so many poor reviews.As a result , I returned the huey back to Amazon for a refund . ! ! ! Pleae trust the poor reviews on this product ! ! ! !
 Pantone huey Pro MEU113I read these reviews and purchased on the basis of what I read . The price was also seductive . I do n't know if I received a defective unit or not but the unit I received makes everything turn pink . It is really quite horrible and I really do n't know what else to say . Even if you are unable to afford a better unit right now , save for a better unit and buy it later .
 I tried using the Huey Pro on my laptop LCD screen and was disappointed at the results . However , this is because during the calibration I was asked to adjust both brightness and contrast so that certain images were displayed a certain way on my screen , and I did n't / could n't . On a laptop to change either of these is only accessible via software with your video card , and mine wont let me change contrast , only brightness . This being said , I look forward to trying this product on my external display as soon as I get a chance to hook it up again , but I wanted to warn others that might try to use this on a laptop . My results on my laptop resulted in the pinkish cast that so many people on here complain about , but since this is not a fault with the Pantone software but rather my inability to change my contrast I 'm not blaming a bad product , yet . I am giving it 2 stars because they failed to point out that you may have this trouble on laptops despite advertising that it worked on laptops . I will re-review this product after trying it on my desktop monitor . I will point out that the setup and calibration process was fairly simple and straight forward.UPDATE
 I have used two different Pantone products previously and each worked far better than this one . I am disappointed and no longer use it .
 It is a relatively affordable hardware monitor calibration tool . For the hardware sensor , the suction cups do n't really work well unless the screen has a `` glossy '' glass front covering the LCD panel . I do n't know how well it calibrates monitors with large color gamuts as mine does since I have nothing to compare this with , but post calibration colors are different.My main gripe with the product is it 's subpar software . A perfect piece of software should never remind the user quite arrogantly that `` I 'M HERE , YOU BOUGHT ME ! LOOK ! '' . The Pantone Pro software does exactly this by showing a splash screen on every startup . What is this , the early 2000s ? There is only 1 purpose for the Pantone software , and it should be to evaluate light levels at user set time intervals . The software does this well . But the software is also required to load the calibrated . ICC profile . So , if the user does not want light levels evaluated and compensated for , the user must still load the proprietary software just to initiate the . ICC profile . This , I must say , is an extreme and vulgar fault.Pantone makes a profit from hardware sales and their proprietary software is available for anyone to download online . So , why not just have the proprietary software produce an . ICC profile that Windows itself can use without the extra bloat ?
 I 've been using the Monaco OPTIX XR colorimeter for a couple of years to successfully calibrate several monitors for my photography studio . When I happened to read about the Pantone Huey Pro I thought it might be a good option for a light weight , travel colorimeter for my location jobs.I purchased one at the end of December and tried to calibrate two different monitors . In each case the monitors suffered from the same pink cast as described in many of these reviews . I created new profiles with my Monaco OPTIX XR to have a basis of comparison and yes the Huey Pro was definitely biased towards a pink cast.After contacting Pantone technical support they did indeed admit to a manufacturing problem and promised that they would replace my colorimeter after a delay of two weeks while they filled backorders . After three weeks -LRB- and one telephone call to remind them -RRB- I did receive the replacement Huey Pro.I installed the software on a clean OS , plugged in the new unit and guess what ... exactly the same pink color cast . I once again created a new profile with my Monaco OPTIX and the monitor was back to normal.Obviously this product is relatively inexpensive for a good reason - It does n't work !
 Initially very excited to receive this product . Upon installing product and finishing calibration process , had a green tint to my monitor . After reading through all of the many reviews here on Amazon.com and via Google , I discovered that the `` green '' cast caused by this product was a very common issue.I called Pantone today to see if they had any solutions and was advised very promptly to contact Amazon to return the product . I was informed that the huey PRO product had been canceled and it was recommended by Pantone that I purchase the XRite ColorMunki product instead . Apparently the ColorMunki product replaced the inferior and problem plagued hueyPRO product.XRite ColorMunki
 I 've tried this on two different Windows computers and ended up less happy with the colors than I was before attempting to callibrate . Light grays look pink , medium grays and browns look green , some skin tones look gray ... My monitor may have a bluish cast , but at least it 's consistent . Allowing it to adjust based on ambient lighting adds even more wackiness that I ca n't even describe . I uninstalled it and will not be using it again.However , a friend used the same device in Linux using different software -LRB- Argyll CMS , in particular -RRB- and it looks quite nice . So if you 're using Linux I guess this thing is fine , otherwise get something else .
 Keeps giving me an error when I reach the calibration stage : `` Measurement error has occurred . Please check that the sensor is plugged in , and on the screen and that the correct display type has been selected . `` Tried two different displays with same problem over and over again.Trouble-shooting only offers 3 possible suggestions for help , the same listed in the error message . None apply .
 I tried using the Huey Pro on my MacBook Pro and none of the color diagrams line up on the screen . Therefore the color is not `` correct . '' I tried emailing for customer support and they do not respond . Money in the trash !!!
 Be warned . Do not purchase this product until Pantone fixes it.That should be enough of a statement , but let me elaborate : I purchased this item to calibrate my brand new monitor . I followed every direction to a T . The first time it calibrated the monitor , the monitor tunred PINK!I backtracked and redid every step a second , third and even a fourth time . EVery time I did it , I had a PINK monitor.Ok , I read some reviews that said this is a problem so I went to Pantone 's Website and guess what , there are steps to follow if you have this problem . Ok , I waited a week for this POS to arrive and it does n't work so let me follow their instructions to have a replacement sent to me . I filled out their customer request form and waited . A week later I had n't heard anythign from the company regarding this POS I purchased , so I called . First time I called I received a friendly , `` We are not open at this time please call back during our normal business hours mesage . '' GRRRR.I called back during their normal hours and got ahold of the most unfriendly tech support guy I have talked to in a long time . I explained what happened and he asked for my reference number . I gave it to him and he said , `` Well you provided all of the required information , we will send you a new one in 7 to 10 business days . '' Me being the professional A-hole that I am , asked why it would take so long . He says , `` becuase of the number of incidents before yours . '' Hmm , I say , if there are that many incidents , then why have n't you recalled your product because it is defective . At this point he tells me there is nothing wrong with the product . Consider me confused ... if there is nothing wrong with their product , then why are they sending out replacement units?Now in order to get this replacement sent they require you to download some software and get the serial number of the unit you purchased in order for them to determine if you have a defective product or not.I ended my conversation by asking how much longer until I receive confirmation that I will be receiving a new unit . He said within an hour.Here is what the email I received said : Response -LRB- Stanzione , John -RRB- - 01/31/2008 08:36 AMDear Benjamin : Thank you for your update . You should expect delivery of your replacement within 7 - 10 working days.In the interim , please reset your copy of PANTONE huey/hueyPRO to remove the calibration that was done . Here 's how to do this : Macintosh users - click the icon in your menu bar , and select ` huey preferences ' or hueyPRO preferences ' as applicable . On the Preferences window , click ` reset huey ' or ` reset hueyPRO ' . Click ` yes ' to the prompt . The calibration will be discarded , and the software will reset so that it runs as if it was first installed.Windows users - click the icon located in the Windows system tray . Select ` reset huey ' or ` reset hueyPRO ' as applicable . Click ` yes ' to the prompt . The calibration will be discarded , and the software will reset so that it runs as if it was first installed.Once you receive your device , connect it to the computer , launch the software and calibrate as usual , and let us know the results.Best regards , John StanzioneManager - Technical SupportPantone , Inc. I said in the beginning of this thread , avoid this product at all costs . Consider yourself forewarned that this product is defective and you should not waste your time or money on it .
 After receiving the Huey Pro I set it up as indicated by the manual . The process was very easy to follow and soon enough I was done with it.But ... my screen now had a strong reddish tint . I repeated the process several times , but I got the same result . The system did not provide any method for tweaking the results , so it 's either use the faulty profile or just turn it off , which I did.After consulting the Pantone website , I found that there 's a known problem with the product . I submitted a problem report and I was sent a replacement unit free of charge.I have no received it yet so I do n't know if it solves the problem or not , but in retrospect I wish I tried the Spyder instead .
 I used the Huey Pro to calibrate 2 lcd monitors and I did not like the results with either one . I went back to the default setting . I have not taken the time to read more about what I can do to solve the problem . I did follow the directions and did not care for the results . The colors that showed on the screen did not look right . The laptop screen had a pink color at the top of the screen on the left and the right side .
 I 've read reviews here about the `` huey '' turning monitors green , but have bought the device anyway -LRB- Pantone is the one who must know a thing or two about the colors , right ? -RRB- Yes , `` huey '' is cute , smart , very affordable , does the job very quickly and -- YES , IT TURNED MY MONITOR GREEN!I recalibrated my monitor with `` huey '' few times under different lighting conditions , but looking on my `` new '' monitor thought there is no way I can get used to THIS.Uninstalled everything -LRB- it was quick and painless -RRB- and recalibrated my monitor old fasioned way -LRB- through Control Panel -- > Adobe Gamma -RRB- -- and love it ! Do not need ambient light sensor either -- my eyes do a great job here . Also -- may be when the device does all job for you is not the best thing , I kind of like when I have a control of all fine tuning ...
 Convinced by the amount of 4 and 5 star reviews I purchased the product to see if my LCD screen may need color correction . What a disappointment ! I followed the instructions to the letter and ran the `` application '' three times ! Every time so called `` color correction '' turns everything to pinkish reddish color . Will probably return it for refund .
 About a month ago I bought from AMAZON the Pantone Huey PRO . It calibrates the LCD monitors on my Intel D865PERL motherboard with a Pentium 4,3.06 GHz CPU and 512MB RAM desktop and my Toshiba 2400-S201 laptop but does not calibrate the LCD monitor on my more advanced Intel D945GCCR motherboard with a Pentium D ,3.20 GHz CPU and 2GB RAM desktop . The OS is MS Windows XP , SP-2 in all the computers . I installed the LCD monitor that does not calibrate on the Intel D865PERL motherboard desktop and it calibrates , therefore , the Huey Unit is not defective . A dozen e-mails exchanged with Huey Service and still they do not provide a solution . They passed the problem to Pantone and XRITE but up to date I have had no answer .
 I purchased this inexpensive monitor calibration device hoping that it would suffice to calibrate my new ASUS PA246Q monitor . I had read reviews that said it did n't work too well with wide gamut monitors , but other , positive , reviews encouraged me to try it out . Big disappointment . Several calibration attempts left my monitor with a sickly green cast I could not get rid of each time -LRB- I will say it was consistent -RRB- . This of course makes good prints impossible . I could sort of get rid of it by playing with the green gain , but that would reduce the whole thing to guesswork and then what 's the point of the calibrator?So it 's being returned and I 'll try a more expensive device .
 I 've bought the Huey Pro to calibrate my MacBook Pro 2010 anti-glare screen and my Cinema display . The package is convenient , the software is easy-to-use but the overall result is so disappointing that I ca n't say any good about this product . My screens were totally uneven , the colors shifted towards the red scale and the overall look of the screens is way worse than the factory-provided screen profiles.If you plan to use this product for professional calibration on Mac - forget about it ! All reviews online provide average positive results - but do not trust them.I guess I was just greedy to have a color calibration for less money ...
 If you are accustomed to using other versions of CorelDraw , you may not want this version . Fact is , they have made many so-called `` improvements '' which I find are incompatible with other software that I have used in the past . It does not convert to encapsulated postscript -LRB- eps -RRB- files properly , and will crash programs that traditionally work well with eps figures . By contrast , CorelDraw 11 worked well . Hence the `` improvement '' has rendered the software a nuisance . If you are accustomed to pasting figures into other software , forget it . CorelDraw X3 will not retain the integrity of the original figure , and it will look distorted and crummy . Any prior version of CorelDraw worked well . Again , the `` improvement '' has made the software a nuisance . On top of that , it crashes a lot.I contacted their `` customer service '' about a year ago when I first discovered these differences . I was assured that they knew about the problems and were working on them . Well , a year later , with no patches to correct these differences , I am now being told that it is everyone else 's fault -LRB- software manufacturers -RRB- that CorelDraw is not compatible . I was also told that they have no intention to correct these problems because they do not consider them problems . There is an example of their customer service for you.I have been using CorelDraw for a long time , starting with 6 , then 9 , then 11 . This is the worst of the bunch by far . I am going back to a previous version .
 Four words : Not for Commercial UseSimply missed that when I bought it . Ohh well , I guess I will try and return it for at least some money back . Sigh ...
 I 'm in awe about what this program can do , but I 've yet to be able to use it to its fullest . It 's not user friendly and I 've been designing photo brochures , and marketing literature and multi-media presentations for years with other design software.The Corel_Tutor is unwieldy to use and only illustrates the simplest projects . It takes a week to learn the glossary used for the program . And if you do n't use it daily , it 's easy to forget the glossary and toolbox icons.I was hoping the `` student & teacher '' edition would be more instructive , but it 's not.I 'm currently searching for a tutor who will teach me the complexities of using this program with a hands-on approach .
 This was the only software at the store other than Microsoft Frontpage . I figured I 'd get the cheaper one because I was n't going to invest much time or money in my web site . It 's extremely simple with few features . What you see on the program is nothing like what you 'll see in a web browser . The text alignment is off by several lines , and these squares mysteriously appear at the end of half the text , and you ca n't see them in the program or get rid of them . It does n't even support something as simple as frames . And all your pages are required to be the same size . I asked them a question on tech support through their website but they never answered . You can find better programs on the net for free . Only get this program if you plan to make one of those personal sites that serve no purpose other than to waste other people 's time when they use a search engine . Forget that , do n't get this program in any case for any reason . Consider yourself warned by someone who learned this the hard way . A new ` zero stars ' category should be created just for this product .
 This problem looked so tempting on the sales display at the retail store . It advertised that it made it easy for one to put together a website . Well , I admit that it is easy to create it but I have yet to publish it . I had so much trouble uploading it and the real problem was , it was n't my computer . I tried to use Ixla ' on-line support but none of their automated simple answers satisfied my question . When I tried to call their support by phone , they were only open M-F , from 8-5pm ... how convenient ! I will never buy anything from IXLA again . What a waste of money !
 Everything in the first review , but also ... If you put in 2 spaces -LRB- text -RRB- or more in a row , it will automatically `` fix '' it for you . There is no way to get around that . Since pressing ` tab ' does nothing , that means paragraphs are not allowed!And , the script for even a very simple , single page with just a few text and pictures thrown in is 20 lines average . One page was 39 pages in notepad ! Visitors to you site without broadband will be waiting a while for your script to load if you use this . This may sound too ridiculous to be true , but it is.If you decide to get this anyway , you 'll end of buying another html-editor like me . You can start with a site built somewhere else in most editors , so you wo n't have to start over at least . But , since you begin with the same html code , it will still be 20 + notepad pages of code per single web page -LRB- not single web site -RRB- .
 I bought this product on the assumption it would help me in reloading my Windows 98 OS and alleviate me from the tedium of reloading all my applications . Fortunately , I did a disk image of my C drive -LRB- using Drive Works -RRB- before starting.I created a file of my applications using the automatic feature , reformatted the drive , loaded Windows 98 and then ran the restore option of PC Relocator . I then found that only a few of my applications had been processed.I restored the C drive , redid the Relocator function choosing the custom selection . When I was finished , I discovered that none of my old MS-DOS applications had been transferred.By the time I finished , I figure it would have been simpler to just reload all of my software from the source discs and CD 's .
 This product came in a bundle from CompUSA . Filled out and mailed in the paperwork ; have received rebates for everything else in the bundle . It 's been over 12 weeks and no rebate for this product .
 THIS SOFTWARE DID N'T WORK FOR ME ! IT CRASHED BOTH MY COMPUTERS ! DELL RECOMMENDED DETTO 'S INTELLIMOVER . I CALLED THEM TO ORDER THE SOFTWARE AND IT WORKED LIKE MAGIC.INTELLIMOVER IS THE WAY TO GO IF YOU 'RE GOING TO TRANSFER FILES FROM YOUR OLD COMPUTER TO YOUR NEW ONE .
 We tried to transfer just files -LRB- not programs or settings -RRB- 4 separate times ; twice our computers locked up ; twice we received a message advising the transfer had taken place ; it had n't . The second time we received the message it came up after only 5 minutes ! We followed the directions at the website and faxed a refund request form to the manufacturer twice ; we also e-mailed them twice . NO REPLY ! Their website has a line that says : Our Mantra : OUR CUSTOMERS ARE THE MOST IMPORTANT PEOPLE IN THE WORLD TO USThat 's an out and out lie . I think they need to exchange the word , `` people '' with `` suckers '' . If this product works for you , wonderful . If it does n't , do n't expect any help from the manufacturer .
 Windows XP has a Files and Settings Transfer Wizard now . I found this out , after purchasingAlohaBob PC Relocator version 3 . Microsoft bought Alohabob in 2005 , probably to use thetechnology in their Wizard that is included with SP2.I read about this , better late than never , while I was looking to get AlohaBob PC Relocatorversion 6 , because the version 3 that I bought here and tried to use , was not getting alongwell with my XP systems . Thank you , Michael J. Golpe , for writing about the Files and SettingsTransfer Wizard , in your Amazon review of , AlohaBob PC Relocator 2005 -LSB- Old Version -RSB- . I spent yesterday and today , searching for a Serial cable to connect my computers , becauseThe Wizard did not see , or care to look for , the Parallel cable that came with the AlohaBobPC Relocator version 3 . After about 10 hours or so of Internet research using Google , I learnedexactly what serial cable is wanted by the lazy Wizard . M$ suggests that we use a Null Modemcable with specific pin crossovers.Pin Outs
 The facts
 I like it best of all . Thanks
 I purchased OneNote 2003 -LRB- in 2006 -RRB- becuase I had no hope of a new version coming out -LRB- it had been 3 years after all -RRB- ... So waht happens ... In 2007 , they FINALLY come out eith a new version ... and to add insult to injury they only discount the upgrade by $ 9 over the Full version of OneNote.Do yourself a huge favor and spend a tad more and dont ' buy this upgrade -LRB- and also , DO N'T buy the full version -RRB- ... Instead , but Office 2007 for Home and Student for about $ 120 ... Becuase you not only get a full version of OneNote 2007 , you also get Word , Excel , and powerpoint 2007 as well . Microsoft -LRB- as usual -RRB- pulled a fast one and dropped Outlook 2007 from the Home Student version of Office , but they added OneNote instead ... but do n't worry , you can still use Outlook 2003 with it so you get the best of all worlds.Home And Student Version of Office give you a TON more bang for your buck ...
 This is a product that could be great . I had both the 4.0 and 7.0 versions of Printmaster and was very satisfied with both . Got the 8.0 Platinum and among other things , the Typical install does n't even work . Bad sign right from the start . CD 's were shipped mislabeled and do n't work right , etc. . Tech support has no 800 number and e-mail tech support still has n't responded to my requests for help . A patch could clear many problems up , but since Mindscape and Broderbund became one company , I do n't know when that 'll be . I liked it better when it was just Mindscape ... I 've re-installed 7.0 on my machine until the patch comes out , if one comes out . Good luck if you buy this thing .
 I had a similar experience as reviewer Joe . First I bought Printmaster 7.0 Gold and loved the features , but hated having to keep re-inserting the program disk back and forth every time I used the Art CD 's . In addition , the online help did n't work . As the software is relatively inexpensive I decided to upgrade to 8.0 Platinum . Well , so far I have been unable to run the 8.0 . After installing the software the program starts to launch but then aborts with some invalid page fault error message . So far no response to my request for technical assistance via email . I think this could be great software for the casual home user , and I am even tempted to shell out -LSB- the cash -RSB- for version 10 to see if they have the bugs worked out yet . All I would say is Buyer Beware .
 I received my edition of Home Studio 2002 and it STINKS !! It 's terrible , there are n't any clear cut instructions on how to record drum tracks , set up guitar tracks and add other mixes . The owner 's manual is terrible , it does n't explain anything . Sure , it 's great to know how to do loops and punch tracks , but what good is that if I ca n't create any recordings . The online help manual is n't any better . Musicians want to concentrate on their music , not some complicated piece of software where you have to guess how to record . With all the music software programs out today , you would think Cakewalk would have userfriendly software . When I called Cakewalk 's Tech-support line , they told me to buy an after market book which explains their program better than their owner 's manual . Not to mention the book cost me $ ... . It has become apparent that the Homestudio 2002 is so confusing that books have been printed by others who are not associated with Cakewalk . If you do not have prior Cakewalk Homestudio experience , I urge you to please shop for another home studio software program . -LRB- Cakewalk will not return any merchandise once it 's open -RRB-
 I just wanted to say that this program is very buggy and does many counterintuitive things that annoy you when you are using it . It just does n't feel very solid overall . You can tell that the code they used has been around for awhile , with band-aids applied with each release , as opposed to just rewriting it.There are many visual artifacts that get left behind when moving notes , etc. . I think there are way too many features in this program that bog it down and decrease its feel and efficiency . I had to use this version though , because Cakewalk Apprentice -LRB- which I really like -RRB- does n't recognize my midi devices of the sblive in WinXP.It does do a few nice things , like put controllers right along with the piano roll , and gives many options when copying & pasting .
 I have been plugging away at this darn program for over two days and I still have n't recorded anything ! The user 's manual is of no use and nothing seems to make sense . There is seemingly nothing intuitive about this program at all . Perhaps once I have figured it out , I will feel differently . But for now I am simply frustrated . I have no HD recording experience and this seemed like a good way to get into it . I think I was wrong . I have downloaded trial versions of other Cakewalk products and Sonic Foundry programs . They seemed to work fine . So why is this program so rotten ? And then when I try to apply effects , it says I am out of memory . But I have TONS of memory ! I am unable to record onto a second track without recording the first one on to it also , but there is no logical explanation as to why this is happening and how I can resolve it in the user 's guide . At this point , I ca n't recommend this program , which is very disappointing . Hopefully in time , this will change . But I think you 're money would be better spent elsewhere . Maybe this is why Cakewalk does n't have a demo version on the site .
 This particular product is not at all what I wanted . American Greetings no longer makes their Create-a-card line . When they did , the later editions were wonderful and very user friendly . This one , however , is a very early edition and the graphics are not as good . If you can find an edition 7 or 8 platinum , they are worth the money and lots of fun if you are a scrapbooker or a card maker .
 My 3 year old son is obsessed with Zoboomafoo , so when I saw this game I was really excited to get it for him . I think it came from a 3rd party other than Amazon , but it did not work at all ! I have a fairly new computer and the game took forever to load . Then on the intro there is the show 's song and it kept skipping and would n't show the entire thing as it 's supposed to . As soon as we finally got into the actual game , it crashed my entire computer . I thought that maybe it was because my computer had been on for awhile , so I rebooted and tried it again and the same thing happened . My son never got to use it -- Total waste of money ! Do not trust whatever company is sending the game out !!!
 Unfortunately I was pretty disappointed by Data Analyzer . I was looking for a better OLAP interface than Microsoft Excel and this is n't it.The majority of the interface centers around bar charts -LRB- though pie charts and data grids are also available -RRB- . On the bar charts it is possible to assign one measure to the length of the bar and another measure to the color of the bar . Data Analyzer then creates a color gradient in hopes of showing you `` good '' and `` bad '' using color . This is actually a pretty neat feature , but I found it to be little more than eye candy . Personally I believe there are better graphical representations of multidimensional data.The product does include a `` Business Center '' tool that allows you to ask canned questions against the data . One of these questions returns a similarity analysis . Again , a very neat feature , but not enough to justify the package.Overall , I think Excel will serve as a good OLAP interface for most users . Beyond that , products such as ProClarity and BusinessObjects offer much more in terms of an `` advanced '' OLAP client .
 This software will not run on my computer , a mainstream machine . On opening the program after a short time it shuts the computer off .
 I bought this program because I wanted to use it on the pocket pc -LRB- DELL Axim X50v -RRB- . The program is very confusing to use . It took some time to load on the PPC first , then you have to load the maps . I tried to load the map of the whole state and it was n't working . The map would come up and the gps reciever would pick up where I was , but when I would write an address of a street that exists , it would say `` SEARCH DONE , NO MATCH FOUND . '' I called the Delorme support many times , they helped me go through the application , but I feel that this application wont give me directions that I want off of the PPC.I should have bought the iguidance . One of my friends has this application and it is awesome . He loaded 3 states all at once and it gives you directions very easily . There are many points of interest.I particularly like the screen that shows you all the streets in a 3D fashion . It is easy to use . `` DO N'T MAKE THE MISTAKE THAT I MADE , BUY THE IGUIDANCE OR TOMTOM SOFTWARE . ''
 I have been looking for an inexpensive desktop publishing program to design books . This is not that program . It 's hopelessly out of date , and way tooi simplistic for what I want to do . If you want a good , if a bit older , desktop publishing program , GST Publisher 3 would be a better bet .
 This product is okay , but if you 're like me and use Windows 7 , this product is a little too `` old school '' . There was really nothing I could use this for . You would really be better off getting the newer version .
 I have found it impossible to understand and navagate . I have yet to complete one function before giving up or running out of time . do I have to hire a tutor .
 It does not work in Windows XP or above . Even when changing the settings to Windows 98 or 95 compatibility mode is does not help . Actually the game will run , but will freeze at completely random spots . We 've got 30 some copies of this game in our computer lab at the school I work at and we ca n't use them . It used to be a favorite of almost every 4th and 5th grader in the building . Anymore , the kids the that know about the game do n't even try . It just does n't work anymore . Bummer . The kids loved it , fantastic educational game , easy to learn , overall a challage to play ... and we ca n't use it.UPDATE -LRB- July 2012 -RRB-
 This software was so slow to load on my Dell laptop that my son never even tried to play this game . I love the game -LRB- from previous versions -RRB- but this version was pretty much unplayable .
 I was really looking forward to playing this throwback game but when I got it I realized that you ca n't play it on a new MAC . Big disappointment . It 's useless sitting on my shelf .
 I used to play this game in the early 90s , and had fond memories of it . I now have a daughter and tried to introduce it to her . The game is now totally different . The progress through the cases is not based on knowledge anymore but on guesses . It was not interesting to my daughter , and she gave up after about 5 minutes . I stuck to it a little longer to see if it got more interesting with more difficult cases , but eventually gave up as well . This new version is boring at best . It seems it is a dumbed down version of the original.I tried to identify what had happened to the original games . The truth came out on Wikipedia . The company that produced the original series of game , all multiple prize winners , sold the games to another company , who rewrote what they are today and did not bother to change the names . That is pathetic marketing !!!! Another major issue with the program is that it does not install easily . Out of 4 computers , all updated XPs , only one took it cleanly , the oldest and slowest one that I do n't really use anymore . After some work , I got it installed on another one , but it crashed regularly . After investigating the issue , it looked like other people had the same problem . You would tend to think that the bugs of a 20 year old program would have been worked out by now.I ended up returning the product .
 I installed this , only to have Ad-Aware indicate is has spyware in it . Apparently no longer active , but still very annoying .
 I love the games Where in the USA is Carmen Sandiego and Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego but I wo n't play them anymore and I certainly would n't recommend anyone buy them because their video capabilities have not been upgraded . They still only work at 640 x 280 , 256 colors , when the whole world has gone past that standard . To use these games on a modern machine you have to keep switching your display colors back and forth . I do n't know about anyone else but I find that an imposition . I am not a mechanical genius and I do n't like touching things on my machine that I do n't need to touch since I usually forget what I have done and then wonder why nothing else works .
 Hello ! beware , this does not work on my 2 year old Mac . -LRB- snow leopard 10.6 -RRB- Is it so difficult to post the system requirements online ?!
 I have tried this on both of my computers . One is Windows XP and the other one is Windows 7 . The windows 7 one is on my laptop computer and it opens the game but it keeps freezing and a message pops up with `` debug '' option on it every time I play . One my Windows XP one it installs but it wo n't open no matter what I do . I do not know if I would buy from this company again after all the trouble I have had with this .
 Have n't been able to get it to work for the kids since it wo n't install . If you have an XP machine it probably will work just fine . If yours is newer you may be out of luck . Luckily it did n't cost much so it 's not a big deal .
 loved this game as a kid but , cant even play this will not work at all on windows 7 , which realy sucked , i donated it to my local elementry school . it does work ok on the older comps .
 It wouldnt ' work with anything I tried . I need to track down an ancient computer just to see if it actually works . It would load but not run when I used XP .
 Another disappointment . This program crashes every time my daughter starts to play and does n't save her information so she has to start all over again each time . Absolute garbage . Who sells defective software ? Apparently Gallactica does n't mind . 3 out of 4 of the Carmen Sandiego programs we bought from them failed to work .
 I enjoyed this game in the 1990s , so I was excited to find it . It installs but will not play on Windows Vista . I also purchased Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego . It is not like the old version , and I was disappointed with the game .
 This did not work on my home computer !! I have all the right requirements , but it ` debugged ' and kept clicking off . What a shame !
 Could n't get this loaded properly so never have been able to play . No instructions for downloading or for playing . .
 The Autodesk Cleaner XL 1.5 software is very old . The company stopped maintaining it in 2007 , and the software would probably not run on Windows 7 or Vista because it was developed for Windows 2000 . Even though , I wanted to give it a try - not because I would have hoped to benefit from it , since it probably does not support any of the current video formats and codecs , but just to compress MOV files to a very small size without compromising quality -LRB- longtime ago I had read a review somewhere mentioning that this software did have such a capability -RRB- . I found out that the $ 466 price posted on Amazon.com was outrageously high for a piece of old and unsupported software , so I checked the link to third-party resellers . At the time when I made the mistake to place the order , on the Amazon.com page there was link to a reseller called `` Piotrekpl '' who advertised the packadge as being NEW - for just $ 6.95 . I thought it was worth taking a chance and I placed the order - now I feel sorry I did it.The package arrived in a thin jiffy bag . Of course , the software box pictured in the nice photo on the website was NOT in the envelope . The shrink wrap on the DVD slim-case was missing . The jacket inside the DVD slim-case had a yellowish shade indicating wear and tear after many years of laying uncovered on some shelf . Inside the DVD slim-case there was a dirty label with , presumably , a serial number , which had been removed from some box or envelope . And no warranty card , no software registration code , no license code , nothing that would allow installing and registering the software . Everybody who purchased at least one NEW software or music or movie DVD/CD knows perfectly well that a NEW package comes perfectly shrink-wrapped , which is done precisely for preventing unscrupulous buyers to copy the DVD/CD and then claim `` they did n't use it '' . Quite obviously , I filed a complaint , which Amazon.com redirected to the seller . Sure enough , the seller got testy and did not want to accept a return . And sure enough , again , Amazon.com did NOTHING to right the wrong . What a shame!It 's a shame because Amazon.com , which otherwise is a 100 % reliable and client-friendly company , posted a link to `` NEW '' software from a third-party merchant without first certifying that what the merchant was selling was indeed NEW.What really incensed me in this story were not the miserable 10 bucks or so that Piotrekpl had stolen from me -LRB- shipping & handling were on me , of course ... -RRB- , but the very fact that a dishonest merchant out there thought he/she would go unpunished after bending the rules of e-commerce in US - and , to add offense to injury , the fact that this shameful act got covered up by Amazon.com . So , even if Amazon.com did not reply to me , I hope that potential buyers out there would punish this disengenous merchant and stay away from him.By the way , I gave one star to this transaction because there was no option to rate it with zero stars ...
 It was ok , but it was hard to try on the hairstyles .
 this software , besides being unusable , once `` opened '' had nothing but tripe inside . awful ; you are better off reading ` investor 's business daily '
 I have been a fan of the Muvee Autoproducer program for maybe 3 years now , back when they were at version 3 . It worked well , was HIGHLY addictive , and I made some `` muvees '' that I will cherish forever.Now , however , in 2007 , version 6 simply does not work for me . When I import video and pics from my Canon S80 camera , the program chugs along , seems to be working , analyzes the files , etc , but invariably crashes before I get a finished product . I will note that I originally tried version 6 on Windows Vista -LRB- another disappointment -RRB- , and assumed maybe there was a compatibility problem , but they claim to be compatible!I then reverted back to XP -LRB- ahhh ! -RRB- but Autoproducer still does not work . All my drivers are current -LRB- I 'm fastidious about keeping things current -RRB- . I have tried tech support , which has been polite but unhelpful . I have checked the web for help , with no luck.I have spent a lot of money on their products through the years , and am saddened that the new version does not work for me . I suppose I will go back to version 3 or 3.5 , but the reason I got version 6 is that I wanted to extra control over my muvee-making . Going back 3 versions -LRB- and a few hundred bucks -RRB- is not an optimal solution.Now if only I can find a program that works as well as Muvee Autoproducer USED to work ! I want something quick and easy , something that randomizes picture order and so forth .
 I recently purchased muvee autoProducer Version 6.1 -LRB- Build Label 6.1.4.15 -RRB- . The program is very , very slow in compiling movies from still photos ; however , the result is very good and the process is very straightforward.My problem comes when music files and added to the video creation . After an abnormally long time processing the data , a very generic error message appears and the video/sound creation terminates . The error message provides absolutely no information concerning the nature of the failure or suggested corrective action.I sent full support request details to muvee approximately one month ago . Other than the automated response providing the incident number , there has been absolutely no response . I sent a follow-up message two weeks ago ... again with no response.I see several excellent reviews for older versions and several very bad reviews for newer versions . Unfortunately , I 'm in the newer version category and would not suggest purchasing this program.The failure to reply to support requests is totally unacceptable .
 There is no way to not autostart the movie . Technical support was of no help . The music does not start at the same time as the movie .
 Products like this are why piracy is rampant . Here is a product that is sold and flat out does n't work for a lot of people . I used an older version and loved it . -LRB- Version 3 . -RRB- Since version 4 , on multiple systems , it refuses to work correctly , crashing at various stages.When it DOES work , it 's a fantastic program . Just be aware you really are taking a gamble that it 'll work okay for you.Look on it as an exciting bet . You may get an awesome app . You may get a coaster .
 I do n't normally write reviews but this product is HORRIBLE . The sound does n't match up with the video and it is IMPOSSIBLE to get ahold of customer service . Do n't waste your money .
 The main `` reason '' that you are supposed to want Santa Fe Linux over other distributions is that it is supposed to `` just work '' . On three different machines , I was unable to get the product to even install . On the fourth I could get it to install , but it did n't work with my printer or my wireless network card.I would personally recommend that someone looking to buy a Linux distribution for the better support -LRB- rather than just downloading one -RRB- examine Mandrake 10 which has much wider community support and more documentation available .
 This operating system is just a bad system , it would install one machine out of 5 machines i have in my game room , but the one time it did install none of my hardware was supported , if someone is looking for a good stable updated great to use , easy to use linux distro i would recommend ubuntu 6.10 , ubuntu 's saying is `` it should just work '' and it does , right out of the box . free or you can buy the dvd install disk
 I am giving this software 2 stars for it 's functionality on 32-bit Windows XP but am subtracting 3 due to it 's inability to work on the 64-bit Windows XP and their lack of concern for their clients . This company does not care about customer service . I purchased this software for an old laptop I had running 32-bit Windows XP . My laptop crashed -LRB- hardware failure -RRB- and I built a new desktop and put Windows XP 64-bit on it . I installed PC-cillin and could n't get it to run on the 64-bit platform . I searched their website but they did n't have any information pertaining to this problem . I downloaded the trial version because I thought it had something to do with the transfer of serial numbers from the laptop to the desktop but that would not work either . I tried to find a number I could reach Trend Micro at but they did n't list it in the software or on their website . I emailed them a week ago and they still have n't responded . I ended up downloading the free version of Avast and that has been working fine . Due to the unreliability of Norton and the terrible interface of McAfee I will not pay for either of them . Because of the slow upgradeability and utter lack of customer service from Trend Micro I will never purchase one of their products again . I am hoping Avast continues to be a good antivirus program and will consider purchasing Kaspersky anti-virus should I run into problems with Avast or else pay for the professional version of Avast .
 If you are one of the poor suckers still using Windows 98 2nd Edition - A word of warning re
 I should have stuck with Norton . Since installing PC-Cillin I have to reboot my computer about 4 times per day . I ca n't even use the task manager to `` unstick '' my machine because nothing will work - everything locks up . I have to soft and sometimes hard boot my PC . My advice - do n't do it ... walk away from the mouse ... do n't click on this product .
 I am taking this back tomorrow . You spend $ 50 and they ca n't even supply you with a printed manual ! You have to go out to the web and download the manual . They do give you a ` quick card ' for quick installation , but nothing else.I purchased this after reading all the reviews for this and other like programs listed on Amazon . I am attempting to replace Norton , which I am very unhappy with since it let viruses in for the second time in two months on our other computer . So it 's back to the drawing board for me .
 I agree the product works . However would you be happy with your car mechanic who did a good job changing your oil , charged you retail , then followed you home and mugged you for $ 25 ? I 've waited 10 weeks for the rebate and just found out -LRB- no they never called -RRB- they claim something was missing from the package I sent which included an old CD rom , UPC , reciepts , etc. . I say BS . I am ever so careful to send exactly what companies request for rebate yet continue to gleefully get scammed . Not this time . I 'm taking them to small claims to get my @ # % & 25 dollars . If you care whether or not a company does honest business regardless the quality of their product , then think twice about this company . The product may work , but they are just another rebate scam artist as far as I have experienced .
 I bought PC-cillin antivirus , and when there was a problem with it being incompatible with my system , I got no response from their email support , or their phone support -LRB- usual endless menu with an option for phone message at the end -RRB- . Worse , their rebate competitive program is functionally a scam . I sent in all the materials and never got the rebate . When I called up about it , they castigated me for not sending in the UPC code and the page from competitor 's manual -LRB- I did send both , but they lost it -RRB- . I will never buy another product from this company.The program iself , once the installation bugs are worked out -LRB- Norton Internet Security helped me solve the problem ! Trend Micro never gave any help , although requested to -RRB- seems pretty generic . I ca n't really tell how good it is , because maybe it 's not doing anything , and I 'm just lucky in avoiding viruses .
 Software loaded but could not update itself nor register with Trend Micro . The website was minimal help . Tech support took a full week to respond to first email request for help and then asked to repeat my problem . A second week went by with solutions that did not work . I ended up removing the software and installed a competitor 's software . One star rating is generous .
 I have used previous versions of Trend Micro products for 2 years and bought the 2006 version instead of just renewing old license . I run XP Pro . Everything has slowed down including their own system scan which now runs all night and takes over 11 hours to reveal NO INFECTIONS FOUND ! Searching for program conflicts is time consuming and unproductive so far . I 'm uninstalling . I do n't recommend .
 I have a notebook with a 1.6 Ghz Pentium M and I downloaded the trial to check it out on my new re-installed XP and I am happy that I did . It is eating up all my CPU power up to 100 % when loading pages like this , I noticed because the webpages loaded so slow.For the technical people , it is the tmpfw.exe that uses all the cpu power.I have used it for 3 days , and I am going to try something else . Too bad because I had been using the 2005 version on my desktop PC which is a 3.2 GHz so I might not have noticed if it used much CPU power.The high CPU usage also caused my notebook to eat through my battery after 1 hours surfing . I can normally get 4 hours from it when I have disabled the speakers and have the screen light on less than full power . . All I will say to you , is download the trial first . and if you like it , buy it . But do yourself a favour and try it first.I give it 2 stars because I really liked the software before I tried it on my notebook . But sadly it is mostly useless for me .
 I had the 2005 version , which expired . I spent 72 hours , 40 phone calls , and unnumerable emails trying to get my subscription to renew.My email went unanswered -LRB- for 3 weeks -RRB- . My calls were routed to people in Pakistan , who were only setup for technical help , not order fullfillment.My complaints were ignored.Buy this product if you only need a year of protection and do n't plan on requiring ANY help , or if you just get a kick out of talking to a Pakistani.Otherwise , steer clear of this one . The company 's focus is on getting your $ 29.99 , not on keeping you as a happy customer.Doubt it ? Email alin_liu@trend.com.tw, the CEO 's assistant , and ask them .
 After years of sticking with the Norton family of products and their enormous drain on system resources , I made the switch to PC-Cillin with their 2005 version and removed every trace of Norton . I was extremely impressed -- it was finding things that Norton did n't , and my computer was running faster than I 'd ever seen before.When my year of updates ran out , I eagerly upgraded to the 2006 version . I was impressed with the great new features and sharp improved interface . Unfortunately , I also noticed an instant drop in the speed of my system . Everything -- not just internet -- is now at a crawl . It freezes up at least once a day . Looks like I 'll have to find a new brand for my antivirus/internet software next year .
 PC-Cillin found plenty of stuff when my computer was infected , but AVG anit-virus from Grisoft -LRB- freeware -RRB- was far more complete in its cleaning capabilities .
 I bought two separate complete packages of Internet Security 2006 to replace the infamous Norton Antivirus 2005 . One installation is on a Windows XP operating system and the other is on a Windows ME system . After one week , the XP machine is still happy . The software offers and outstanding array of security tools for your PC and home network . The Trend Micro products were highly rated in 2005 , and it was a logical choice for replacing the terrible product Symantec -LRB- Norton -RRB- released in 2005 . Now the problems begin . PC-Cillin Internet Security attempted an update during the night on my Windows ME machine . I woke up to a message that the application had run out of memory . I have 768 MB of ram on the PC with little more that the operating system running . Granted , some applications that do n't manage memory well may have failed to release memory back to Windows when they were through with it , but that has n't been an issue in the past . The PC-Cillin update failed to complete and I was forced to reboot the PC . Upon reboot , I got a wonderful blue screen with a message like `` Windows protection error . Reboot to continue ... '' I rebooted , rebooted in safe mode , uninstalled Internet Security 2006 , rebooted , scandisk , rebooted ... long story short , the only option I was left with was `` FORMAT C : '' . I have currently lost the ability to support my job through dialup and will be spending at least 60 hours to get the PC running , perform new backups of my remaining drives , and reinstall and setup all of the software I use on the PC from scratch.Maybe it 's Windows ME that 's the problem , but Trend Micro claimed that their product was compatible with Windows ME . This kind of tragedy should not happen , and I would n't wish it on anyone regardless of the operating system . I estimate my cost at a per-hour basis conservatively at $ 2000 . I might have done better letting the viruses have their way with my PC - it surely could not have been any worse . I can not recommend this product ; rather I have no choice but recommend people use this product assuming it will kill your PC.What will I do ? I suppose I 'll sacrifice some older software and upgrade to XP , then try this product again . I really do n't know if there 's anything better on the market ... I mean , Norton AV 2005 crippled my son 's PC a year ago . I wish there was an alternative .
 *** Updated *** I wrote a review for this product for Trend Micro 2006 for a previous Software Build 1341 . Trend Micro has completely removed build 1341 from their website and posted 1410 . -LRB- Note that 1240 & 1410 are only allowed for download . -RRB- This software release does the same exact thing as I said before and attempts to connect to remote resources for no reason . For technical people , the software attempts to connect and log into PC 's via NETBIOS and Kerberos . Trend Micro 's response has been , `` Yes , we see that too '' . Again , if you do n't believe me , please download TCPview and watch the connections being made systems . If you are a home user , you wo n't see nor probably care about what is going on in your home network . For those IT people , this is traffic and headaches you can stay away from by avoiding this product . This will cause nothing more than a NetBios Broadcast storm for your network.My previous support ticket is still open several months back . I 'm going to open another support Ticket with Trend Micro asking them why it continues to be an issue . *** Still a Trend Micro 2005 user ******************** Build 1341 ***************** Trend Micro has come a long way with it PC-Cillin products but this time I do n't know what happened . This Application in my eyes just 100 % pure malware . I maybe going overboard with my statement but please understand that I am still in the process of rebuilding my PC.I was 2005 user and currently still using it today . Being the Tech geek that I am , I just upgraded the current work PC since I already put 2005 on it instead of TM 's Officescan long ago . After the upgrade , I found that my CPU cycles off an on up to 100 % and reported as system process . After further investigation , using netstat - na and free tool called TCPview , I found my laptop attempting to connect to everything in my network -LRB- subnet mask -RRB- on basic Microsoft ports such as 139 , 445 , 88 and etc. . To the non-tech type people reading this , my computer was trying to log onto other peoples PC using your login and password information on the network.If you only have 1 PC on your network , then this issue wo n't bother you and will hardly miss the CPU cycles . This is true because while I was at home , cpu was always very low . If you have 100 or more PC on your network , the will take up your own system resources and also impact your fellow computer users in your area . I was unable to determine what it was attempting to do once it connected but ethereal , TCPview and netstat all showed the connection attempts . I scanned my PC with PC-Cillin , RootKits , MS Malware tools and etc to figure out what process was causing the problem . Nothing.I know what your thinking by now , `` yeah , this guys been surfing too much p * rn and got a virus . '' Lets be honest here , I run a fully patch XP Pro system and a proud users of PC-Cillin 2005 using all features available , Ad-aware and other tools . This PC is my job as well as my homelife . So after a very frustrating decision to make , i formatted my system and started all over again . Rebuilt it again . Before installing any applications , checked netstat , TCPview and sniffer data . Clean & nothing going on . CPU stable at near 0 % . Installed PC-Cillin 2006 -LRB- freshly downloaded of the internet -RRB- following the easy simple instructions from Trend Micro -LRB- default selections -RRB- . PC started acting strange again & CPU was up . Checking all my tools , found that it was making an average of about 20 attempt connections to PC 's on my network about an average of 30 seconds . Uninstalled PC-Cillin 2006 , everything stopped . Installed 2005 , It has been quiet ever since.For the people who do n't have many PC 's on their network , this product may be fine just do n't connect to your work environment if you like your IT guys . For the IT guys , this application is very bad for you guys and do n't need the extra headaches trying to figure out what is happening on your network . You 'll have system guys asking questions about why people are accessing PC they do n't need access to and the only answer is `` I do n't know why '' . If you still do n't believe me , please use the same tools I mentioned above . They are all free plus come from highly respected companies . *** This messages was written with a PC running PC-Cillin 2005 ***
 I purchased PC-Cillin Internet Security 2006 because I thought it would be a great deal with a rebate lowering the price to $ 14.99 . Unfortunately , you get what you pay for . After reading bad reviews about the 2006 version of Norton Internet Security and apparent good reviews about PC-Cillin , I gave PC-Cillin a try . I guess I should have tried their free trial download first.The software installs okay , and it does not seem to slow down my computer except when it is doing a scan . PC-Cillin scans a single file for viruses quickly , but email scans are deathly slow . If I tried to read an email before it was done scanning , PC-Cillin would cause Outlook Express to close abruptly . While this may be a safety feature , I suspect it is more likely a bug . And it is very annoying.It took a while , but I soon discovered I was not receiving half of my email . After experimenting , I found this was due to PC-Cillin . It would delete my email from the server , making it impossible for me to read it . Ironically , this seemed to occur mainly with emails sent by Amazon to confirm other orders . PC-Cillin comes with no written manual , and the online documentation is quite basic . The FAQ section on Trend Micro 's web site was just as basic and useless . So I never did figure out how to prevent it from torching my email.The firewall itself seemed to work okay -LRB- you can do an online test of your firewall through `` Shields Up ! '' at https://www.grc.com/x/ne.dll?bh0bkyd2 -RRB- . I am sure it is sufficient for a home network . It is a little quirky , and if you have a wireless home network you need to -LRB- oddly -RRB- configure PC-Cillin for an office configuration to use a shared printer . Again , I attibute this to poor programming.Finally , you can only use PC-Cillin on one computer . If you have a second home computer , too bad . You will have to buy another license to use the software on it . If you try to use it on a second computer , your previous license registration is deleted . So you then have to re-register if you need to use it again on the original computer . It will keep de-registering you each time you do this . From what I can see , this seems to be a coming trend in many software makers and not just Trend Micro . Personally , I think it is a rip-off to make you purchase the same software multiple times simply because you own more than one computer.In summary , if you have a home computer and want basic firewall and antivirus protection , and do n't want to spend much money to do it , you may be happy with PC-Cillin Internet Security 2006 . However , I do n't recommend it for network users , even home networks , or people who want better protection and control over software configuration . Myself , I uninstalled PC-Cillin and installed ZoneAlarm Internet Security Suite 2006 instead . I have been much happier with ZoneAlarm .
 Terrible product , confusing , not easy to use like McAfee . Not meant for a basic computer user .
 After a couple of months of working perfectly , the software said that the registation is invalid -LRB- I purchased a 1 yr subscription , so this error message should not appear -RRB- . After going thru all the knowledge base on Trend Micro 's website , none of the solution worked . I contacted Trend Micro and it seems that all they can do is cut and paste the same solutions off their website and send them via email . After couple hours of headaches and no progress , I decided to uninstall the software and going to get some other anti-virus software . Save your money and do n't even bother with Trend Micro , their product will just stop working prematurely and their tech support is awful .
 I 've been running PC-Cillin for close to a year now . I just picked up Norton the other day and discovered that I have three viruses on my computer . Thanks a lot PC-Cillin .
 For those still using Windows 98 Second Edition - BEWARE . Trend Micro PC-cillin Internet Security 2006 may take over all your computer resources when it installs new downloaded components.My experience has been - When working online -LRB- such as emailing or searching for material -RRB- EVERY time -LRB- after new components have been downloading from the Trend Micro site -RRB- - the Trend Micro installation process takes complete control of my computer - not only making it impossible to continue working online but also often resulting in disconnection with the Internet.What makes Trend Micro PC-cillin Internet Security 2006 even more annoying is that when the Trend Micro Update window appears , indicating that there are new components available for downloading , there is no indication of the file size or download time of these new components . Consequently , one has no idea of how much time he or she has remaining to work online before the immobilizing installation process takes over . For me , this has meant that I either start the download -LRB- and installation process -RRB- before doing anything online - patiently waiting for who knows how long - OR wait until after I have finished doing what I need to do online before starting the download and installation process .
 I bought the 2005 product and automatic registraiton failed -LRB- note prior review with same problem -RRB- . After back-and-forth communication with tech support , I managed to register after a week or so.The updates drove my wife crazy because they self-initiated several times a day and ate up resources when she was trying to work.But it got worse . Six months later no more updates , no way to upgrade , nothing . This product should come with a poor service warning .
 I am sure I will get criticisms from other users that I 'm just not using the software correctly , but I am nowhere near computer illiterate yet can not get around shutting off the software completely to allow certain other apps to run.What apps ? Games mostly , although anything that connects to the Internet to scan for updates or for any other reason could run into the same problem . The problem is that on standard settings , PC-Cillin blocks access unless you override it ... but the override dialog box does not always appear in the foreground . Example
 I 've used PC-cillin for a few years , and liked the product . When I upgraded to the 2006 internet security I followed all install instructions , and my computer gave me the BSOD . I uninstalled and reinstalled to the same effect . I 've spent 4 months dealing with Trend-Micro 's tech service -LRB- which is n't very good -RRB- trying to resolve the problem . The best advice they could give me was to uninstall all my internet browsers -LRB- firefox , netscape , IE -RRB- as these may conflict with their program - but what is the purpose of internet security if I ca n't get online ??? After waiting several weeks for tech services to analyze my memory dumps , I tried to email them back to check status , and had the message bounced back . Their tech email is no longer valid . The only way to try to fix the issue is to start over with their service.If you need antivirus , get the PandaSoft platinum - fewer install problems , better program , and their tech service is n't garbage
 Buyer beware . If you encounter a technical issue with this product and require a refund , you 're out of luck . They will send you in endless circles attempting to get a product refund . There are many other good products out there that do the same thing . It 's really easy to purchase , but impossible to get a refund !
 Was n't what I really wanted but you came through and had this item . Nice to know that you have a great return policy . Thanks again .
 beware this software let a virus in , and yes I updated every day . I changed to windows one .
 The title says it all . I have basis Spanish but could not make use of this program which appears written for native Spanish Speakers .
 Again , Corel fails to step up to the plate and provide anything innovative to designers . A lackluster effort on the part of the Canadian software company -LRB- do they not talk to their customers ??? -RRB- . Stick with CorelDRAW 8 . PhotoPaint is throwaway software stuffed in the box so you do n't feel too cheated . Go ahead , feel cheated anyway . If you 've ever used Photoshop , this poor-man 's clone is apt to leave you frustrated and -LRB- possibly -RRB- violent towards the developers.Hopefully Corel will focus * all * its efforts on DRAW and not on all the silly extras in the box next time .
 This is the worst vector based program I have ever used . The designers of this software should be ashamed of themselves . Do not buy this program .
 We ordered this because we remembered our older kids loving it and wanted our yougest son to have it . Well , we never got it to work on our computer . Maybe it just does n't work with updated software -LRB- Windows Vista -RRB- , but it was frustrating .
 When I bought this , at it 's low price , I figured that it was a couple of years old , but not over 10 YEARS !!!!! Heck WIN 95 was the newest thing around then . There was NOTHING in the advertisement that even hinted that this was such old software . When I tried to `` enlarge '' the pic of the box , it was even a bit smaller !
 It took me three weeks to get a refund after hours of time spent with Adobe tech , only to have the last one say , `` It does n't work with the new Macs '' . Check Apple and Adobe websites for a technical explanation . I assume it works well with older Macs .
 After much anticipation -LRB- original release date was 5/11/04 -RRB- , I bought this for my 7 year old . He loves Backyard Basketball and Football , and wanted to buy Baseball 2003 , but I persuaded him to wait for the `` new and improved '' 2005 version.Well , we installed it and have had nothing but problems . I 've called Atari 3 or 4 times , and they claim it 's the video card/graphics driver . I downloaded Intel 's newest -LRB- from 2002 -RRB- , but like several of the other reviewers , it cuts out at certain spots and when you hit the space bar . We have yet to play one game , after setting up fields and teams and listening to the announcers . I followed all the Atari troubleshooting tips -LRB- closing all background applications running , etc. -RRB- , NOTHING WORKS ! My son is disappointed , I am frustrated . I thought about spending the money to improve the computer/replace video card , but what if that does n't work too ? All the driver tests work for 3D and Direct X 9.0 , I 'm convinced it 's NOT a driver problem but a software problem . I want my money back !
 I was really disappointed in this game . I thoght that this was not as good as the others .
 The 3-d graphics although an improvement , are hardly worth the effort . The gameplay is hard and frustrating , the option to save is gone and so you have to finish the 2 hour marathon in one sitting , the characters are bland and `` robotic '' as one fellow reviewer had the good sense to say . Backyard Baseball 2005 is a far worse than the prevous years .
 Beware of purchasing Backyard Baseball 2005 . This version requires DirectX 9.0 and a driver that is compatible with 9.0 . I just finished the run around with Atari Tech support and the burden is on me to update my XP machine which has been unsuccessful - they do not have a patch - shame on them!I loved their Backyard 2003 versions , but will avoid purchasing their sequels .
 I just purchased this product today for my seven-year-old son , and I must say that this is the biggest piece of junk I have ever wasted $ 19.99 on . We own the two previous versions of Backyard Baseball , as well as Backyard Football 2002 and though they were simply wonderful products . We were very excited to get the latest version of Backyard Baseball , until we got it home and tried to run it . I has failed to run on three computers , a Sony PIII 600 running WIN98 , and a Gateway P4 1.9 ghz and a clone AMD Athlon 1100 both running XP . On the Sony and AMD the game simply quits at random spots , or when the space bar is pressed . The Gateway bluescreens during the introduction . Since this is the first version with the Atari label on it , I can only assume Atari ` tweaked it ' , ruining the gaming pleasure for thousands of children.Don ' t waste your money . Buy the older version . It works great !
 the 3d is not good and I do like that you have to select the pitch you want or the batting power that you want ever time and the game does not look real . I uninstall-ed it from my PC It was a waste of my money ! I like 2003 much better it allows you to play a real baseball game .
 I have really enjoyed the Backyard Baseball series . But this latest version is awful . It 's very different from the older versions . I was looking forward to using the gameplay actions as in the previous versions , but its all different . And HARD ! I 'm past 50 and a long-time computer user and this is just too hard for me . So you can believe it will be hard for a child , even using the easiest setting . And one thing I dislike is ; you can not SAVE the game you are playing . The `` 3-D '' effect is poor , too . All the personality effects of the familiar players in the previous versions are now bland and robotic in this installment . I am VERY disappointed . I 'll be going back to Backyard Baseball 2003 !!!!!!!!!!
 I am extremely disappointed with this product ! I just installed DataPilot and used it to transfer numbers from my laptop to my phone . Unfortunately , what SusTeen 's marketing BS never tells you is that the product strips out all the additional stuff your specific phone uses before it writes it back to your phone . So in my particular case , I lost all the voice recognition data assigned to each phone number . Not to mention , it does not accept special characters for `` pause '' or `` wait '' used to access voicemail . Now I am forced to go back and reedit all my numbers . This product is supposed to save you time and make it easier to manager your phone data , but all it did for me was make more work !
 I have patiently been working with this program for some years now , and recently , when I learned the author has moved on to other projects , abandoned it . This software sells for upwards of $ 90 US online . For that kind of money , one would expect a really powerful program . MusEdit COULD be that , but it is ladened with bugs . The program has been revised numerous times and each behind each new repaired version lurks even more bugs . The program crashes frequently ; I 've lost a great deal of time and work when ` unexpected errors ' close me down . Just recently I kept a log of the bugs I encountered during three different projects and ... it 's scary . The program is extremely unfriendly to editing , especially if that editing is from one version of the program to a later version . Objects on the score disappear , mis-align , move , and do the most unexpected reactions . I am a music teacher -LRB- of over 25 years -RRB- and need a good program to prepare lessons . I was actually MusEdit 's very first customer and even though the author offered me FREE updates for life , I wanted this project to work and supported his efforts by purchasing the program a second time to show my support . I even encouraged my students to buy this and now , none of us use the program.I feel sick writing a review like this , but when I learned that the author has put this project aside and has gone on to writing new software instead , I felt it my obligation to warn people.One of my last projects involved arranging a song for guitar in standard music notation , first position , very simple tune . I needed to translate this notation to guitar TAB and the transformed score moved some notes from open position -LRB- near the fret , where beginner 's like to play -RRB- all the way up the neck . When I attempted to fix these errors , any changes I made affected my original notation . Notes and symbols disappeared . It was quite a mess , a project I had to abandon.I have been hoping that this program would come together ; I 've been using it since the original version for Windows 3.11 . It does crash less often but the bugs are just impossible to work around . I must confess I had used this program for quite a few musical tasks , expecting more from the program than just simple notation or guitar TAB arrangements -LRB- I add chord names , symbols , fingering , etc. -RRB- The program is promising , if only it were stable and bug-free . What is advertises is quite remarkable and if it worked properly , I would recommend this program over comparable programs like Finale G7 or Sibelius Guitar . But I ca n't do that.Save your money and get a tried , true , tested program and avoid the grief that I encountered so often with the program .
 Looking for a replacement for old standby Claris Home Page , I found Freeway Express 3.5 . This was true `` you get what you pay for . '' It was extremely unintuitive and hard to figure out . I switched to Adobe GoLive , which costs a fortune by comparison , but was far , far easier to understand . Unfortunately , this program is not even worth if for free .
 This is a very bad program for creating web pages . The result of my time with it has been frustration and a pretty pathetic web site . There are many problems with this software :1 . It is not user-friendly or intuitive . It assumes a great deal of knowledge and it requires a great deal of reading the manual . I can sit down with iMovie and in 30 minutes figure out how to edit a movie . I 've spent 50-60 hours with this program and I still ca n't figure it all out -LRB- and I think that is partly due to problem # 2 ... 2 . Its buggy . It crashes at least once every session -LRB- erasing all recent changes ! -RRB- . Sometimes , for no reason , you ca n't get it to display a whole picture -LRB- you spend hours fiddling wth setting that make no sense to try to fix it ! -RRB- .3 . The user interface is not based on Apple specs . Its like learning a new operating system because nothing works like it should - right click and it zooms in . Screw up and scroll to far to one side or the other and the `` canvas '' is woppergee for the rest of your session . And finally ,4 . Its just a bad program . Poorly thought out . Poorly designed . It just stinks . There must be something better out there . Even if this is the lowest cost `` option '' , I would not consider it an option .
 I find this product and it 's descendants quite lame . Who would want to use a program for raster graphics , then import the raster parts of an image over to the vector graphics program -LRB- Illustrator -RRB- just to create the final product . Why not have it all in one program ? And , at a correct price range too ? Since the `` Creative Suite '' is nearly 1500 dollars . When you can get all of that for 80 plus purchase 3rd party plugins such as
 I find this product and it 's descendants quite lame . Who would want to use a program for raster graphics , then import the raster parts of an image over to the vector graphics program -LRB- Illustrator -RRB- just to create the final product . Why not have it all in one program ? And , at a correct price range too ? Since the `` Creative Suite '' is nearly 1500 dollars . When you can get all of that for 80 plus purchase 3rd party plugins such as
 This is a heavy weight application that will allow you to do plenty with your graphics . For 90 % of people out there this will be overkill and will most likely spend their money more wisely on Paint Shop Pro instead , which would still be overkill but a fraction of the cost.However my main grudge with this software is the `` Currency Detection '' . You can not work with images of money in this version . Photoshop CS has the ability to detect scanned currency and prevent these files from being opened with an error message stating , `` This application does not support the unauthorized processing of banknote images . `` What else will be dictated to the punter next ? Maybe they 'll be able to choose our religion for us?Adobe can stuff their new features I 'm sticking with my Big Brother-less graphic software !
 Adobe is a big company and has tons of money , so why are they charging us an arm and a leg for bloatware that runs very slow ? Launching the program takes half a minute on my 6-month-old PC with 512 mb RAM . A lot of things are hard to understand , which means you 'll need to shell out more cash for a learning book , and Adobe wants you to buy their expensive books ! Get jasc or other better products from independent software publishers . There 's even a decent open-source -LRB- and free -RRB- image editing program .
 Thank God for Customer Reviews - I am always running different compter systems through my home network - always purchasing the latest and greatest equip to stay one step ahead of my customers who need support . This means I load and reload all OS 's and APP 's on different machines -LRB- thought never more than 2 at a time -RRB- . What drives me CRAZY is that I do have to call MS and beg them to let me re-use XP and Office again and again , and I have to explain to them why I need to re-install ; like I 'm asking for approval to take out the family car from my Dad.Now Adobe wants me to call them every time I swap out systems - they just lost me , I thought I was a very good customer : - -LRB- By the way , to the few who said that you performed the Activation and did not have any problems with the process ; I think you missed the point of the second reviewer . He was n't saying that the process did not work - he was saying that he will not participate in the process - like me !
 My finger was on the button , ready to order this latest Adobe upgrade and then I read the reveiws . I bought Photoshop 4.0 and have upgraded at each step through Photoshop 7.0 . Each of the CS reveiws either appologizes or complains about the registration and / or securiity traps that are now built into Photoshop CS . I have been there and done that with Microsoft XP Pro . This is where I part company with Adobe . I am not going to buy a product and have to beg the manufacturer for permission to use it . Adios Adobe
 I was just about to buy the software when I read the reviews and the fact that adobe has started using an activation scheme where your limited to one pc per install . Well I use my laptop as well to edit files with photoshop and what happens if your hard drive crashes ? Do you have to beg for another install . I think it 's time to just say NO to any product with activation .
 I have read that Adobe will allow activation on two computers . However , when I tried to activate the software a second time on my laptop it would n't go through . My computer kept freezing up on me . I 'm running Windows XP on my main machine as well as my laptop , so I would n't think there would be an issue . This proves that Adobe 's activation process is n't as painless as they would like you to believe .
 I 'm awarding 2 stars on the strength of the negative reviews in this space and that Adobe has adopted the use of `` activation '' . * I 've been searching hard for an honest-gosh 48 bit graphics program , but Photoshop -- even `` CS '' , appears to be 24 bits with 48 bit features . I can get by with the basic 48 bit histogram editing capability of Photoshop-5 , after which I convert to selected 24 bit content and switch to another brand -LRB- Jasc PSP-8 or Mgfx PPub in versions 3.1 and 8 -RRB- . It would be nice to be able to do it all in one program , however , converting to 24 bits at the end -LRB- if needed for the output -RRB- . Check it out
 I have had my hands on most versions of Photoshop - including version 7 - but there are too many hidden costs with this product to even consider an upgrade . If someone buys this out-of-the-box they may feel diferent , but this is the upgrade version , and not very forgiving .1 -RRB- will only run on a new version of Windows - I dont ' so thats +80 $ for starters2 -RRB- will NOT run your old add-on filters - for myself I would have to fork out an additional $ 400 for buying new filters and upgrades just to get the basics -LSB- this has been an issue before , but never as bad as this time - I could only keep one old filter -RSB- 3 -RRB- activation `` feature '' - it will hit you one day - dont ' joke yourself , sooner or later you 'll be standing there with a worthless disk because there is some number you cant find or they bark at you because you want to install it for a fifth time during one or two days -LRB- while you 're recovering from a fatal crash or rebuilding your system , and what you really dont ' need is an additional fight with some so-called `` support '' person asking you to explain in detalies about what you are doing with your system with question like `` is this the last time ? -RRB- . No ! I 'll install it 10 , 50 or 100 times if needed . I 've given up on two titles before -LRB- not Adobe products -RRB- - and I HATE ACTIVATION SOFTWARE . I do not have the time , energy or inclination to waste my life with it . Be smart - actively avoid it ! 4 -RRB- No - this version does not have any super-to-die-for feature that you can not live without -LSB- though the RAW editing feature may be usefull for some people -RSB- .5 -RRB- there are some irritating drawbacks like the missing thumbnails , which is a real productivety hit for some people -LRB- Adobe actually hyped it as a productivety gain when it came oboard ! Now it 's XP , K.O. and out -RRB- I may come back when they release CS 3.0 one day in the distent future . But for next couple of years I will be happy about mastering version 7 like a real pro -LRB- it really can perform wonders allready -RRB- . And save tones of money and countless hours for now.Of course as I start to grow away from Adobes new product , I may turn to the competition ... Last tip - the market speaks - did you notice how fast the price for the CS version started to drop compared to 7.0 ??? think about it ...
 :
 This would be a fantastic upgrade if it were n't for the activation requirement . I work from several locations on three computers -LRB- including my mom 's -- she has no clue how to use it -RRB- , and I 'd like to install the product on all three computers , including a laptop . Activation , of course , prevents this.Keep version 7 if you have it . The enhancements for the most part -LRB- except for text -RRB- wo n't be missed.I will say that Adobe 's activation policy is many times better than Quark 's , and they do have a good customer service team that might cut you some slack . This version is the best ever , but my advice is to just say no to activation .
 I ordered my upgrade from Amazon.com , feeling certain that Adobe would continue to provide high quality software . Yes , it 's premium-priced , but it 's always been worth it . So worth it that while I waited for the package to arrive , I downloaded the tryout program.Right from the start , I had problems . -LRB- And before I go any further , let me just say that this is not a resources issue . I have more than enough RAM , disk space and power to run this puppy . -RRB- It took forever to install and a long time to boot up . Finally I got it up and running , changed a few settings , including telling it where to look for my filters and plug-ins , shut it down and rebooted . And it refused to start . Told me a file was missing . So I tried again . Same error message . I reinstalled per their instructions . Booted up . Another crash , same error message . I do n't really know how a file can be missing if I 've just installed it.So I uninstalled everything , reinstalled -LRB- This is installation # 3 . It 's going on an hour and a half now , between the download and the installation issues -RRB- and booted up . No problem . I pointed the program to my plug-ins directory , shut down and rebooted . Guess what ? Yup , crashed on boot-up again , and again I got the file missing message . Long story short
 I purchased this software not knowing that Adobe had implemented an activation scheme into this version of Photoshop . By the time I realized it , the software was already installing . Since the software was opened , I could n't return it.I downloaded several new feature articles from Adobe 's website before I purchased this product and none of them mentioned the newly added activation procedure . If I had known that Adobe had added activation to this product , I would n't have bought it and opted to stay with version 7 . I really hope a lot of people complain to Adobe about this because the only people that will be inconvenienced by this will be the legit users who actually purchased the software . The pirates will soon have versions of Photoshop CS with the activation disabled to freely swap around-just like they do with Microsoft products right now.I 'm not against companies trying to protect their property rights , but punishing its paying customers is not the way to go about doing it . If -LRB- like Adobe claims -RRB- activation will save the company millions of dollars a year that would be lost to piracy , then can we expect the savings to be passed on to us ? Will future Adobe products cost half what they cost now ? Do n't hold your breath . Adobe is turning into another Microsoft-punishing its loyal paying customers while letting the criminals go free.I 'm in a predicament because I need Photoshop to work . There just is n't another image editing software package that is as good or as widely supported . However , the company I work for started making the switch from Quark XPress to Adobe InDesign a little over a year ago . I 'm going to do everything in my power to switch the company back to Quark and dump InDesign . Hey Adobe , you might have us on Photoshop , but we can still find other alternatives for page layout and illustration software ! Add to that the fact that I 'm also going to opt to stay with Photoshop 7 even though I purchased the CS upgrade . Version 7 will be the last version of Photoshop for me and the company I work for as long as Adobe puts activation into any of its software.When I did have Photoshop CS installed on my system I noticed that it took extremely long to load . The splash screen stays up for at least 60 seconds before the program will open . When it did finally open , I noticed that some of the tools in the tool bar were blocked out and there were lines running through some of the palettes . After doing some research on the internet I 've concluded that there is an incompatibility between my graphics card and Photoshop CS . I 'm running an NVIDIA GeForce3 . I would suggest that you check your hardware for compatibility before purchasing this upgrade .
 The one-star rating here reflects my answer to the question `` Should you pay the money to upgrade to this product if you have an earlier version of PhotoShop '' ? My answer is no , unless you need direct RAW support , which is about the only major feature that might worth the price . Otherwise , the new features are nothing really indispensible . -LRB- At first look , you probably wo n't notice ANY new features . -RRB- And then there is the Nazi-esque product activation scheme . Just say no to software that does this ! It 's a hassle and it is completely unnecessary . Consider the fact that `` cracked '' versions of PhotoShop CS appeared worldwide on P2P networks even before the product hit the shelves , and you 've got a draconian activation scheme that only causes a lot of hassle for the honest people . All that money spent on development of a pain-in-the-butt scheme that was immediately cracked anyway . It 's futile and pointless .
 I am a professional photographer , and , though I came to this page planning on buying PS-8 / CS I just bought PS-7 instead -LRB- I am currently using PS-6 .5 -RRB- . Having used PS since V2 I have found that getting every other upgrade has been the most satisfactory way to go . Until V4 the real strength and utility of PS was in its ability to make excellent color separations -LRB- for ultimate printing on a press -RRB- . It has never been a state of the art image editor , and until V4 , was not even a decent one.PS-6 was the first version I was happy with both for editing , and for pre-press . PS-7 did not add much , so was going to skip it for PS-8 . Instead of PS-8 we get PS-CS which has valuable new tools in it -LRB- I wanted it for the `` patch tool '' alone ! -RRB- , but which has more problems than new features.As do many of the other commenters , I do not like software activation . Computers are fragile , MS-Windows even more so - but , unfortunately - the only new , fast , and affordable programs are written for Windows . So , if you are counting on a Windows system , you better have a backup system -LRB- or two -RRB- . I have four computers that I am actively using at the moment -LRB- 3 desktops and a portable -RRB- - but , as I only use one at a time , I certainly do not feel that I am violating any of my software licenses by having a program installed on all four -LRB- though , with PS , I actually have different versions installed on each of the computers -RRB- . I also do not like WinXP -LRB- It was recently installed at my office -RRB- . Of my personal computers one runs W2K , two W98 , and one Linux/Lindows . Software written for any WinVer except for XP will run on Lindows -LRB- albeit more slowly -RRB- and it is ever so much more stable - Though W2K/NT3 -LRB- `` 5 '' -RRB- - is actually quite good . My feeling is that is one of the main reasons the new versions of Adobe products are written to XP -LRB- yes , I do think there is a close relationship between Adobe & MS -RRB- . But . Having said all that , I would have bought XP just so that I could run PS-CS except for the deal breaker
 Not too happy with the software . There are some parts that do not perform . I have re-installed it and same thing .
 Illustrator is a good program but CS is junk . There are a slight few reasons to use CS over 10 but for those few features you have to deal with the program crashing about 3-5 times a day -LRB- and note I work in Illustrator from 9-5 -RRB- . And if that was n't bad enough most of the time it crashed it while you 're trying to save as if to make you as mad as possible . Also you ca n't save for previous versions which is a serious flaw considering not everyone is dumb enough to shell out the $ 500 for the CS.I 'm glad that I got to try this out at work where I did n't pay for it and that I still have my Illustrator 10 at home.I hope Adobe clues in to everyone writing bad reviews and decides to actually check their program before releasing it . Until then SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 I 'm normally a big fan of Illustrator , but this new version is much more trouble than it 's worth . It does n't seem like you get all that much more than illustrator 10 , and the cost is huge.My biggest pet peeves :1 -RRB- stability - the single most important problem with this program . Where Illustrator 10 was a workhorse , you need to make it a habit to save frequently with Illustrator 11 . It crashes frequently and unpredictably . I find myself thinking that `` it 's not too bad , now that I save every 10 minutes ... '' and then realize that something is horribly wrong with this program .2 -RRB- text - this program simply ca n't handle large blocks of text in any appropriate fashion . I 've used huge images , complex shading , and used some of the new tools to warp groups of vector images , and nothing slows the thing down more than text . It literally takes minutes for me to edit text in the thing sometimes , and it gets worse with image-heavy files . Frustrating . I know that 's what InDesign is for , but again , I never had these problems with Illustrator 10.3 -RRB- the 3-d tool is a piece of garbage - why is it here ? Ugh . This tool really is n't worth it . If you want to use 3-D software , use 3-D software . There are good programs out there that will do all these 3-d functions smoothly and flawlessly . When you try to use this in Illustrator , you get unpredictable , pixelated effects . If you try to use it extensively , you can not only crash Illustrator , but you can sometimes freeze your entire computer . Your effects , especially if you try to map an image on a 3-d object , look pretty pixelated . It 's fun to play with if you have too much time on your hands , but do n't rely on it . and get ready to crash the program if you use it.All complaints aside , I 've got ta say that warping things with the mesh tool is fun , but again , it adds a lot of processing time to the program . Just be prepared to wait to save , print and load if you use it a lot.Overall , until Adobe improves stability and text handling , I 'd stay away from this . The new features are n't worth the bugginess . If you want further instances of CS problems , go to the Adobe support site for Illustrator , and look up CS crashes . You 'll find almost 200 postings from frustrated users , and equally frustrated Adobe tech support folks who ca n't really help .
 I 've been using and enjoying Illustrator for years . Version 10 had some serious color management/PMS color table problems . Adobe 's v10 patch and recommended bug fix never quite worked properly , so I decided to upgrade when the new Creative Suite became available.It 's a disaster so far ! Nowhere in the pre-sales documentation did the marketing team at Adobe happen to mention that the new text engine in the CS version will completely wreck all of the text in your existing Illustrator documents ! Even documents created in Illustrator 10 -LRB- just 1 version back ! -RRB- are rendered un-editable in CS . How so ? A single line of text might be broken into 4 or more separate text objects.Adobe support 's recommendations for dealing with this problem ? 1 -RRB- Just do n't edit any text created with earlier versions ; 2 -RRB- Manually fix -LRB- essentially re-type -RRB- all of the text in your documents . Give me a break - like I have time for this nonsense!The product marketing manager and development manager who inflicted this monstrosity on loyal Adobe customers should BOTH be fired . Do n't buy it - wait to see if the next version is better . Meanwhile , I 'll be uninstalling and reverting back to version 10 - in spite of the bugs it 's a better product .
 CS is a piece of crap ! Why ca n't they leave well enough alone ? I 'm 40 years old and I 've been using Illustrator since version ONE in '87 and I 'm at the end of my rope . This is the buggiest version since v7 ! I 'm sick to death of Adobe -LRB- as well as others -RRB- constantly making changes for change sake while introducing new bugs and not fixing the old ones . What 's with the damn selection tools in this -- especially when selecting text ? You ca n't win -- if you try to select type using baseline selection -LRB- now for some reason changed to the less-than-elegant `` Type Objects Selection by Path Only -RRB- , good luck actually hitting the baseline . If however , you use the default type area select , good luck NOT selecting everything else in the vicinity OTHER than the type you want ! I highlight one text string and two OTHERS somewhere else highlight ! Do n't even get me started on adjusting type on a path ! Text occasionally appears in a file , apparently from some other dimension , and does n't allow you to delete it ! And whose brilliant idea was it to make it so that masked objects can not be ungrouped ??? -LRB- To be fair -- I think that started in the previous version . -RRB- I also love how the `` smart quote '' control is now a tiny checkbox called `` Use Typographer 's Quotes '' which is hidden under the `` Document Setup '' dialog box and always defaults to the ON position every time you open a file . The list goes on.I use to feel as if Illustrator was an extension of my hands . Now it 's like I 'm wearing bulky gloves that I spend more time messing with than I do designing/illustrating . Do they actually run these damn programs past longtime users anymore before releasing them or do they just let snot-nosed little programers do what they feel like doing ? I 'm ready to reevaluate pen and ink !
 I advise you to check out Jasc 's Paint Shop Pro 8 after reading this review . It is both affordable -LRB- it is actually reasonably priced ! -RRB- and very very usable.I fail to find a reason why Illustrator should be $ 500 !! It is obviously a cash cow and the only reason why they -LRB- Adobe -RRB- produce products is to get money . This product is in no way intuitive and has no attention to detail . With only two gradient styles -LRB- linear and radial ! -RRB- and a very confusing interface , it is by far the worst suite of products that I have ever used . Paint Shop Pro 8 's tools are far more superior than Adobe Illustrator 's crap , yet Adobe Illustrator remains the `` industry standard '' for vector graphics . At a whopping 500 dollars per copy , the license does n't even allow you to install it on 2 home computers unless you fork out another 500 dollars just so you do n't have to be limited to one workstation.If anyone can give me a rational explanation why this application should be 500 dollars and Jasc 's Paint Shop Pro 8 only 80 ? The windows operating system is 150 dollars and that is for the recent professional edition . Might I add that that is an operating system ! Taking around 1.3 GB 's of disk space while Adobe Illustrator is roughly around 140MB ! Adobe products suck , they try to sell you 10 different products that are slight variations of their other products . Though Paint Shop Pro can practically do it all ! Another funny thing about Adobe is that you have to pay , yes pay , for rights to partially load some of their file formats in your own programs .
 Do not buy this stinky game !!! You ca n't get off of it w/o breaking your computer , and the game has no point !!!
 I bought Starry Night in December 2006 only to find out it did not run on my old Windows ME computer so in Feb 2007 I bought a new computer running Windows Vista . Since Microsoft had already announced they were not going to support XP anymore I decided not to buy an OS that would be out of date when I purchased it ! Big mistake !!! I have tried every option on every forum and discussion group on the web with zero luck . Starry Night software tech support will not respond to the problem -LRB- I even tried snail-mail ! -RRB- and will not give any time line to resolution . I did load it on a friend 's XP laptop just so I could see what I was missing and thought it was fantastic , but my friend only laughed and walked away when I suggested we trade computers . Starry Night would not let me return the software either . The support person -LRB- Brenda was her name -RRB- suggested that the problem was my own fault for buying incompatible hardware !!!! There is no mention anywhere on SN 's web site or their sales literature that says it does not run on Vista .
 The program works well , but only on my XP machine . I could n't get it to workon my Vista machine at all . There is a download from Imaginova but it 's 130meg download . -LRB- You get a whole bunch of other updates at onetime -RRB- There 's no single patch for making this program compatable with Vista .
 i bought the `` up-dated '' version to run on vista , only to find out from tech support i would have to spend a day down loading 12 updates so the product would work . tech support said it was Microsoft 's fault , but really it is the fault of the companies failure to spend the money to provide a version that would run on vista . if amazon would take it back i would return it , it 's just junk !
 Since I received Starry Night Pro I have been trying to get help from the company -LRB- 4 attempts -RRB- since I can not get it to load on my computer properly . If I do not hear from someone shortly I plan to return the purchase.Phil Nordan
 I 'm fully on Vista x64 now , except for QuickTime and Starry Night . In fact since running Vista as one of the beta testers , the only BSODs I 've ever received were from QuickTime and Starry Night!I 've used Starry Night on XP , where it works fine . The only problem is , I do n't run XP any more . I 'd give it 4 stars -LRB- the UI is waaaay too quirky , in my opinion -- too much Java under the covers -RRB- , except that I ca n't run it at the moment .
 I have a brand new computer with Windows Vista but have not been able to get Starry Night Enthusiast Version 6 to run since I bought it about 2 weeks ago . I downloaded the upgrade to 6.0.6 and tried all the other suggestions from the website support without any success . My emails requesting help have also gone unanswered . I hope that Imaginova can soon live up to their claim of Starry Night Version 6 being Vista compatible.Updated 15Mar2008 : I did finally get a response from tech support awhile back , and on my desktop computer I can now run Starry Night , but only from a USB flash drive . It appears that Starry Night is incompatible with some hard drives ! So I had to go and buy a 2GB USB flash drive , install the software there , and I leave it in my desktop to run . I do have a new Gateway computer with a hard drive from a major manufacturer , so I do n't understand how it can not be compatible , but it is.Also , I recently purchased a laptop where Starry Night does run fine , but I ca n't re-open saved files . If I save a . snf file , close , and re-open , the file is severely distorted and unusable . I emailed tech support a couple of weeks ago , but got no response from them.As of 15Mar2008 , I have applied the 6.2.3 update , updated to the latest Java version , Quicktime version , Microsoft patches , and the extra patches for Vista on the tech suppport website , but these problems persist.I like the software , but if you want to run it on Vista be prepared for a lot of headaches to get it to run , and even then it may still not run properly .
 I have a HP Pavillion dv6000 running Windows Vista Home Premium . I was assured by the information accompanying the software that it would run on Microsoft Vists.When installation was completed , and the program started , the night sky had a large back and white trapezoid covering the lower half of the sky , with the demarkation between black and white being due south and each color extending for an azmuth angle of 45 degrees . When traversing to toward the west , a large black dome with a golden starburst covered the same lower part of the sky . When the time rate was accelerated , the moon appeared as a ` ghost ' image and extended from the horizon to overhead and covered a full 90 degrees of the sky.I removed it from my comuter and re-installed it an additional four times . Nothing changed.Two emails and 3 telephone calls to the company remain unanswered.Bill McConnell
 Be very carefull when ordering any version of StarryNight Version 6.x . It may not work under Vista regardless of what is mentioned on the software compatibilities list . It does not work on my new Vista system .
 With so many other people reporting that this WONDERFUL software wo n't run under Windows Vista I actually called their Tech Support before buying it.They assured me that if I had the latest Windows update etc. that it would run fine . It does n't . It is the only program I have ever tried on the less than 12 month old machine which give a blue screen and then shuts down . Like in the bad old days with Windows first started.I am sorry , I used to have this Starry Night on an XP machine and I loved it . But if you are running Windows Vista , save yourself some grief . Do n't waste your money .
 I just completed Piano and Keyboard Method -LRB- the beginner version -RRB- . That software was decently well made - unattractive and somewhat frustrating in some ways , but still got the job done well.This software is supposedly a continuation in that line , meant to allow you to continue learning after completing the first one . Unfortunately , it is a HUGE step backward . I just installed it today , and I already have a list of major flaws :1 -RSB- You ca n't maximize the window , or even increase it at all . The beginner version let you maximize it to fill the screen , but for some reason , this does not . In the Preferences menu , there is a `` Full Screen '' option , however , selecting that just adjusts your monitor 's resolution settings to the crappy low quality that this software was apparently designed for ! It 's just an insanely poor implementation of a `` feature '' that should be a no-brainer .2 -RSB- The whole point of this software is its `` Interactive Feedback '' meaning if you have a keyboard or MIDI controller that you can plug into your computer , the software can read which keys you press , and provide you with real-time feedback on your performance . In the beginner version , every piece with the exception of 3-4 random little examples had this Interactive Feedback feature implemented . In this version , almost none of them seem to . I have my MIDI controller set up properly , and I 've confirmed that it 's reading my input and playing back sounds , but the sheet music is n't interactive at all . I may as well just have a book sitting on my desk .3 -RSB- The interface has completely and unnecessarily changed from the beginner version . It 's now more difficult to understand , with less useful tools at your disposal.These flaws combined make this software basically worthless , which is a shame , because the lessons are actually really well put together . Basically , eMedia needs to give their piano teaching consultants a raise , and fire all of their software developers and designers.I understand this is not a large company , and the expectations can only be so high . However , the beginner version of this software , while not perfect , was certainly usable and helped me learn a lot . This version is just awful , and a complete waste of money .
 I have been using the beginner 's lessons and loved it . When I upgraded to the intermediate package , I was stunned to find out that the lesson pages turns out to be half the size as the beginner 's lessons . This is a big problem for me as I do not see that well , esp trying to discern the music notes on the score lines and keeping up with the tempo.Why in the world would they go backwards in user experience ????
 Whenever the next evolution of a good product takes a really giant step backward to being a four-legged fish , you just know something went horribly wrong . The program itself is decent enough , but the size of the window it 's displayed in is ridiculously tiny and reeks of something gone amiss . Whatever merit this program does have is squashed under the backside of a diarrheal camel who 's festering stink overpowers any good it may have had . What makes it worse is that you ca n't tell if the tears that run from your eyes comes from the fly killing odor this program emits or simply that you were just ripped off from your hard earned money by a company you trusted.Why , oh why ??? -LRB- Helps if you visualize this statement as a beseaching moan like when you lock your keys and baby in a car on a 105 degree day in the middle of nowhere -RRB- . eMedia 's personnel as a whole are no idiots . When I see an easily resolved problem such as this I always look up the cooperate ladder and wonder who 's responsible and why he/she/they still has/have the job that they have n't earned . Why ? Because if they had earned their position though hard work , cooperation , and dedication , doing this hatchet job on an otherwise okay program would have made as much sense as asking the Pope for Kama Sutra advice ... with examples . Not only that , but after all these years why have n't the employees of eMedia taken the person -LRB- s -RRB- responsible to task for their mono synaptic amebic decision unless they are working in an unfriendly environment where common sense and wise employee feedback are not valued ? Maybe I 'm assuming too much that is not truly buffoonish , short sighted , or blatantly arrogant , and this rant would turn to shame if I knew the truth of what seems to be screwing your customers for undeserved money over something that would appear to be an easy fix.If so , to this I would reply : `` Shame me ! Shame me and shine the light of thy mysterious ways unto me !! Show upon my humble body thy real reasoning as to what otherwise appears to be thine own personal orgy of an ant humping mentality ! For truely it would be worth it just to bring mine understanding in accordance with thine own ! `` But ... . With most silliness and sarcasm aside
 Do n't waste your time on this library . Not only can this be found at reduced cost elsewhere , the content of this release is worth zilch . At the very least I would recommendPC Study Bible Version 5 Reference Library Plus . The BibleSoft website has good literature comparing the differences between libraries.As a PC Study Bible users since version 3.0 I currently consider this software to be ABANDONWARE . While they continue to add books for sale to the library , I would not recommend this product until a new development is forthcomming . Though I do not use it , the BibleSoft user community currently recommends Logos -LRB- most major operating systems / devices supported , followLogos Bible Software -RRB-
 When buying this version , one should be very careful to note not the number of Bible translations but rather whether any of the translatons are what you want . Version 5 translations are not shown in the Amazon information but can be seen on the BibleSoft site . Does anyone really care what the Benjamin Franklin version of the Bible says other than historians ?
 Unless you have a computer with 1995 windows or lower DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!!! NOT COMPATIBLE !!!!!!!! It is n't worth one cent ! With a lot of work I got the CD to work , but my computer kept closing down the program because it thought it was a virus . My computer which has Windows XP did not recognize many of the programs charachters so if your confused about Calculus it will only confuse you more . It 's useless , I regret buying it . Save yourselves !!! And your money !!!!!!!!
 Getting this cd to work has nothing to do with Calculus . . It is old software and is designed for windows 3.1 and windows 95 .
 Most reviewers note that this software is overpriced . It is . That said , I would n't mind paying the extra money if I got a great product AND great service . I have n't . Although one will pay nearly $ 200.00 USD for this product , once you have the CD there is no way to make a backup copy of it . Fairfield Language Technologies , the publisher of this software - has put a level of protection on their CDs that prevents you from saving them to your hard drive . This protection further prevents you from making a backup copy of the program on another CD . If you want to take this program with you as you travel , you have to take the original disk . I took my Swedish language CD on a recent trip to Sweden , where it became damaged and unusable in transit . As I had no backup , I was out of luck . I contacted Fairfield to see about a replacement . Fairfield responded quickly to my email and directed me to fax them a copy of my original receipt and they would send a replacement CD . Oh , that is they would send it after I paid an additional $ 29.95 plus tax for a program I had already paid $ 175.00 for ! I find this to be completely unacceptable given the price they charge for the product coupled with the fact that one can neither save it on a computer nor make a backup copy of the disk . Although I 've bit the bullet in buying two different versions of this product -LRB- Swedish and Polish -RRB- , I will not be buying any further versions , but will rather look for access at my local library . The cost just is n't worth it . Hope this helps.Note
 Acid Pro 4.0 has a lot of functionality and I have enjoyed using what little portions of it I can . However , I give the product 1 star because it does not come with an adequate user 's manual . It has an extremely light weight 10 page `` guide '' that is n't worth the paper it 's written on . There was a huge user manual published but Sony has discontinued it , and I ca n't seem to find one . If you 've already used the program , you 'll be ok . Otherwise , stick with Acid , the non-pro version . Having all the functionality and not being able to harness it stinks . : -LRB-
 I found this complicated to load and use , and another huge disappointment is that it has a computer generated voice singing the tunes . I find it unpleasant and unnatural , stilted and hard to listen to , jarring to the ears . Too much money for a cheap product , which is n't even nice . I much prefer the less expensive , but far superior TES ` Navigating the Bible 2 ' program , as a real chazzan is singing the passages , and the program is extremely easy to load and use .
 If you want to store contact information , using the old pen and paper is better than ACT ! We have an ACT database storing roughly 3,000 contacts . It is EXTREMELY slow . Integration with Outlook 2000 or 2003 -LRB- havent tried xp -RRB- is just about inoperable . I recommend that if you have to the tools and knowledge to create your own contact database , do it . It can then be tailored exactly to how the user needs it .
 I loved the 5.0 / 2000 version , and then made the mistake to upgrade to 6.0 . It has severe performance problems and freezes all the time . No other program has caused me more frustration . I 'm now back to version 5.0 again .
 I had been an ACT user and fan for many years . That ended when I upgraded to ACT 6 . I have a 2.8 GHz computer with 1GB RAM , and still , ACT can only run if I shut down nearly all the other software . What a joke . I ca n't look up a customer phone number without shutting down everything else I 'm working on . Endless lockups , bugs and problems . Useless waste of money ! Shopping for a contact manager that actually runs .
 Buggy product ; can `` hook '' Outlook into ACT by creating separate contact list ; ca n't `` hook '' back into Outlook . I ca n't send email using my Outlook account . ACT 's knowledge database has pages , page after page of `` maybe this work '' , `` try this '' , yada , yada . I 've worked for several software companies -LRB- as technical support -RRB- , and after reading the ACCs `` we are the best company ... give me a A '' cheerleading speech , dumping on IT , and the idea of you must hire an ACC `` specialist '' at god-only-knows an hour to get the blankety-blankety $ 199 product to work instead of putting the fixes in the knowledge database , I only wanted to puke . Hope this helps .
 ACT ! Version 6 is an absolutely terrible product . I 've had to call tech support numerous times . Sometimes the program wo n't even open or ca n't find the appropriate database . I had to remove fonts because I had too many installed they were n't `` allowing '' it to open . I sincerely wonder if this program underwent any testing . I do not recommend it .
 One word for the latest ACT - TRASH.Email stinks , mailmerge is week . Ca n't even sort contacts by creation date . Slow . Poor integration to Palm OS.What a JOKE . I have been using ACT for 10 years which is about the last time they really did anything with this product.Oh and forget technical support . There is NONE .
 I have used ACT for three years and have a huge investment in the data it holds but I am moving to Lotus after trying to use this newest version . IT IS JUNK . I stayed with ACT waiting for a decent email interface hoping that it would make the product usable again . Alas it was not to be .
 Several months ago we purchased ACT ! 7.0 . A nightmare ! After a computer crash a couple of months after we purchased it , we had to reinstall all software . Unfortunately , because of a known difficulty with the SQL interface , we were unable to install it . Customer Support would be glad to help us for $ 200 -- more than the original software cost . What a rip off . I am convinced they deliberately put bugs in the product , to force purchase there support help . No free help here . You can not even get on their moderated message board without paying . The software is useless if it can not be installed . After spending hours trying to follow their directions , we still could not get it installed . Our company is moving to another product and just throwing ACT ! out like the loser it is .
 SAGE will not support their products without an additional fee , and , their product is so goofy that you will need support at some point to get it to work , or to get it back to work after it locks up . This version will not run on my AMD processor based computer and SAGE 's only strategy is to have me purchase their newest version of ACT ! in hopes that it will run on this machine . I am looking into converting my files over to run in Outlook , so long SAGE !!!
 I 've been using ACT ! for five years . I have to admit I did n't do a lot of research prior to making this purchase and I have to say their marketing sold me on the software . The only contact software I had used previously was Outlook.I am so frustrated by locking email downloads , corrupted databases , excruciatingly slow execution , software `` upgrade '' sales pitches every 18 months for upgrades that are totally useless -LRB- and expensive -RRB- and requests from the current owners of ACT ! -LRB- four owners of the software company during the 5 years I 've been using it !! -RRB- for $ 295 for one year of sofware support that I 'm ready to go back to `` Gates `` ware , as much as I hate that thought.WARNING !!!! IMHO , do not buy this software ! You may very well regret it .
 I have been a faithful ACT loyalist for 7 years ... and never been disappointed until this upgrade . It is completely horrible and borderline useless . I have a very high end notebook -LRB- 3 gigahertz processor and plenty of ram -RRB- and this program makes it slow to a crawl . Lookups that were almost instantaneous are now so slow that this program is totally useless . DO NOT BUY IT . I am trying to get a refund and go back to a previous version . If I can not ... I am going to change to another contact manager . Do not waste your money . If you have the previous version ... keep it .
 I 've been using ACT ! since 1990 so have a huge investment in ACT ! data and customization and would be therefore be very reluctant to discontinue its use . However , I 'm disappointed with how little the product has improved in these many years . The thing I protest most adamantly is the lack of phone or email support . There 's no way to communicate with ACT ! support without paying a very high rate . It 's not a way to create a good feeling of relationship with customers , and it 's frustrating to have only expensive support available .
 I purchased ACT 6.0.3 because I used 5.0 and loved it . Wow , what a mistake . I installed it on my brand new laptop and the problems began . Freeze after freeze left me feeling cold and frustrated . If you can make it through to tech support without paying $ 29.00 you 're lucky . Here 's a hint ... make sure you tell them it 's a new install!Tech support tried everything to resolve the problem , but to no avail . I was left with these empty words when there was nothing else to try , `` You must have a virus '' . Ok , a virus on a brand new Dell laptop with only factory installed software that has never connected to the Internet.Here is my suggestion to the makers of this product ... `` Get your ACT together ! ''
 As a professional on the go . I purchased Act ! 6.0 because I had read so much about how great the software was . Using Outlook since 98 ; I figured there had to be a much better way to track , sale , record , mass mail , and enter contact information . So I went out and looked at this piece of mess . Then while in the store I read it can work with your Pocket PC . Well yeap it will sync with your Pocket PC but you wo n't see any reminder on the Home Scream nor any appointments on the screen . To top it off not all of your appts will show up.To top it off they told me through tech support that I will have to purchase their new software inorder to get it to work with my Pocket PC as though it was like Outlook . What kind of mess is that . I just spent 300 bucks on this mess and now I have to spend 200 dollars more to make it work the way it should with my PPC . Do n't waste your money nor your time.It is too bad I could n't give them a zero . Stick with Microsoft products atleast they promise what you will receive .
 I was using ACT for several years . No considerable complaints with ACT6 . But when I upgraded to ACT ! 7 I was very suprised by its performance . I spent a lot of time waiting it . I 'm out ! I 'll better wait for Goldmine 7 or go to Terrasoft CRM
 I 've been using ACT ! for several years and have been happy until I started using it on multiple machines . I am having all kinds of compatibility issues , especially with customization of layouts . Changes made on one machine do n't integrate with the others , data fields get rearranged , renamed , or disappear altogether , and often data is completely lost . I ca n't get synchronization to work at all . I am looking for a new database program with fewer bugs and issues . Any recommendations ? - Jason Lipsjasonlips00@yahoo.com
 This one had to be bad for me to take the time to write about it . I have been using ACT for years and wanted to upgrade to the latest version so I could synch with my PALM . Bad idea ! Here 's a few things I take exception to :1 . The program takes forever to load .2 . It is a CPU hog and slows down the entire computer CONSIDERABLY .3 . When I converted my old database a few minor pieces of information like contact names and activity history were missing .4 . It constantly goes out to the internet . I fail to see why a stand alone product should need to communicate with other systems in a continuous basis . As far as I am concerned that is a gross trust violation .5 . The online knowledge base is useless . I did a lookup to see why my information was missing when I converted the old database and , although this was listed as a known problem , when I clicked on the link for the solution all it did was display the instructions for converting the database .6 . When I tried to unistall the PALM links they would not go away . Now I have to hack the registry.Conpanies like Sage really deserve to go out of business for selling such poor quality products with false and fraudulent claims of quality and features . Symantec did a great disservice to their customers by selling the product to such a poorly managed company . If I could give this product a free-form rating it would be -10 . Zero would be too high a mark .
 I have Act and two versions before . Slow , slower , slowest . Hard to use , fussy and , at the moment , I ca n't get some of my data bases to open.So I tried Maximizer on the 30 day free trial . Yum ! Not that it could n't stand a few improvements , but ... It is quick , it gives a leeetle bit more search flexibility and it comes with some data fields that are optional , but , for me , useful . With a 30 day free trial , your downside is pretty limited , and it beats the heck out of ACT ! !!! Incidentally , if fewer than 1 star were a choice ...
 May I add my voice to the many others regarding the ACT software program . After years of limping along with ACT I 'm tired of the terrible customer support , the awkward , unintuitive features of use , the data corruption , the high price tag , the lack of improvement in the product , and the clunky interfacing with Outlook email . I hope someone at the company is listening . They seem to be chasing corporate customers and have forgotten the small users .
 Worst upgrade I have ever purchased . I own a small software company and have been creating and using software since I left college in 1981 . The software is slow on even a 4800 + AMD dual core processor . I can no longer load my company data on our NAS box ; plus it has corrupted our data twice and even Best Software was unable to help me recover it . I have wiped it from our systems and toss out any upgrade notices for the latest version .
 I 've been using ACT ! since it was 1stACT ! for DOS . I guess you could say I 'm addicted . ACT ! 6.0 started going bad when I tried to use my DYMO Labelmaker with it . The two companies gave me some patches that were a total waste of time . Then , I returned ACT ! 6.0 for it 's `` Full Money Back Guarantee '' and the company had the audacity to charge me for shipping and not refund the tax I paid . After some arguing they sent a check for the `` full '' amount . Really I had great hopes for the new , old company yet they were just horrible to deal with and ACT ! 6.0 is a dog.What I did was find an old versiong of ACT ! 2.8 for MacMini -LRB- one of its best versions -RRB- and am now trying to transfer files from ACT ! 5.0 into it . If anybody has suggestions -LSB- ... -RSB- Good luck yet I 'd stick to ACT ! 5.0 or prior if I were you .
 I ca n't rate 6.0 but I can tell you that the 5.0 version stinks ! I use it at work and it absolutely drives me nuts ! I am actually going to switch jobs because I refuse to get stressed out by a database . It moves sooooo slow . Contact card changes but notes and history does n't . I liked it at first when it was quicker but no one seems to know why this is happening . Notes disappear , it has it 's own mind !
 I am the Senior IT Tech at a large company and our top 2 executives and their secretary have been using Act for years and years . We started getting data corruption on a regular basis in one of the two dbs . So we decided to upgrade to Act v6 2004 . Let me just say that I think the interface is clunky and outdated . The 2004 software feels like something written in the early 90s . You ca n't use the mouse wheel to scroll through your contacts -LRB- we have over 400 employees in the db -RRB- . The icon graphics are crap , the backgrounds and titles repeat themselves on large monitors . And the program is painfully slow . Clicking from calendar to contacts to task lists often takes 3-4 or more seconds -LRB- compared to outlook which is instant -RRB- . We first started having major problems with the Pocket PC Link . It 's garbage ... you can not sync with the PDA unless you exit act -LRB- unlike Outlook -RRB- . And if you delete contacts on the PDA , they will come back because a malfunction in programming prevents it from being deleted on the Desktop . Deleting calendar events replicates fine , but you can not delete contacts on the PDA . This was all confirmed by Act tech support on several occasions as we ran into these problems.Furthermore , even with the new ACT 2004 we again kept getting the databases corrupting . When they get corrupted , you better hope you have backups , cause all tech support will tell you is they have a data recovery team . We looked into it , expect to pay near $ 1,000 to recover your data . So we restored our General Managers data from tape backups , from local backups , or from his PDA , on a regular basis . After hours and hours on the phone with tech support , they finally told me that storing the database on the network can cause the db to get corrupted . This was not written in any documentation I could find anywhere that came with the software . The only way to share the calendar with a secretary is to have it accessible on a network . MAJOR DESIGN flaw . And to make things worse , when I asked for help to implement their `` bandaid '' workaround to `` reduce the risk '' of further data corruption , they asked for a credit card.We 're going back to Outlook 2003 using our Exchange server , never had any problems . I guess we fell for their marketing by thinking that a $ 200 product is actually worth something . This software is not worth anywhere near the price we paid.Do yourself a favor and skip the hastle .
 As a 1st time buyer I bought ACT ! after 2 months of intense research including downloading a trial , interviewing current users etc. , however during a tech support call this afternoon related to separate issue I learned that the one feature that I 'd have thought to be a given is missing from ACT ! 6 . I use 20 different email accounts in conjunction with my various businesses on a daily basis , however was informed that I can ONLY email from the -LRB- 1 -RRB- Default email address listed in Outlook or Outlook Express -LRB- beware OE is n't really supported no matter what ACT ! 's marketing says -RRB- . I was told that even if I create a separate database for each business I 'd still be limited to the -LRB- 1 -RRB- default address to mail from ! YIKES!What do small businesses do that use multiple accounts like sales@, info@, request@, service@, webmaster@mydomain.com that are perhaps only a 1 or 2 person operation ? Great a tech as he was , the only workaround he could offer was to log out of ACT ! , switch the default address in Outlook/OE & then log back into ACT ! each time I want to send email from a different address!He also mentioned that many customers in the past several years had suggested the same feature upgrade!I rated this a 2 -LRB- benefit of the doubt -RRB- because I can see a good deal of `` potential '' usefulness in ACT ! In my opinion sophisticated and integrated email support is essential in this day and age , and without it what good is the contact manager ? Perhaps the larger question is what good is a software company if they do n't listen and respond to their customers ' needs ?
 Pure Crap ! Be aware that Amazon offers a great price , but the product comes with zero support . Upon receiving ACT , I intstalled it and tried to sync the database with others in our office . With no success after following the on-screen and manual directions , I called Best Software to ask for help.There first question was `` Where did you purchase the product ? '' When I told their rep that I purchased it from Amazon , she scolded me for not purchasing direct from the company . She then told me that ACT purchased through Amazon has no support and it would cost $ 199.00 to sign up for a one year support contract.This is the first time I have ever purchased software from a company and had them refuse to answer a simple question in the first week of trying to use their product.Over all , a very poor experience and I am sure we will not waist our time purchasing another product from Best Software . Simply calling a company `` Best '' does not insure that they will live up to their billing .
 ACT is a great concept and has moved the CRM world . BUT it has changed little in the last 10 years and desperately requires a new release . The three most important updates required are a -RRB- better e-mail - integration with Outlook would be fine , b -RRB- much improved mass maintenance , lookups , and reporting and c -RRB- a more stable and robust data platform . Continued reliance on what are essentially DB 2 files -LRB- anyone out there remember them ? -RRB- is silly and is the reason that file corruption and data loss is endemic with ACT . ACT is a goldmine for BEST and it 's being milked , but one wonders how much money is being invested in improving the product . A little attention to fixing the product 's many problems would give a significant boost to the software . I have to believe that a mass upgrade from version 6 would also be good for BEST 's profits.These problems have existed for a long , long time , and users have waited for the ACT people to resolve them . 6.0 was an exercise in half measures and disappointment . For that reason , we 've come to believe that BEST Software has broken trust with us as their customers . They have broken trust with their certified consultants by being unresponsive to them . Many of us have concluded that they do n't deserve our business anymore . We 're looking for others that do . And when we find our solution , we 'll buy through Amazon , a company that constantly tries to provide better service and a better platform for its customers .
 I purchased ACT 6.0 because I used 5.0 and loved it . Wow , what a mistake . After I installed it on my brand new laptop the problems began . Freeze after freeze left me feeling cold and frustrated . If you can make it through to tech support without paying $ 29.00 you 're lucky . Here 's a hint ... make sure you tell them it 's a new install!Tech support tried everything to resolve the problem , but to no avail . I was left with these empty words when there was nothing else to try , `` You must have a virus '' . Ok , a virus on a brand new Dell laptop with only factory installed software that has never connected to the Internet.Here is my suggestion to the makers of this product ... `` Get your ACT together ! ''
 I have been using ACT for 10 years and each version has been worse than the last . Act 2005 is the worst ever . It is so slow , it is unusable . I would rather keep my contact on post-it notes!DO NOT waste your money .
 My third upgrade and I am ready to find a new program . It still has poor interfaces to Word and email . Still does not allow for easy input of personal data and is very restrictive on which fields may be sorted upon . Basically , it is a well marketed , inferior database , with non-existent `` customer support '' . I 've used it for seven years now and the database I was using in the early 90 's was more sophisticated -LRB- I still have it but the company is out of business -RRB- . I am looking for a good client database again .
 At first , it worked great . Then I upgraded to Windows XP . Now nothing works right . No integration with Outlook ... their website says it 's a known problem with suggested fixes that just do n't work . Also , my Palm no longer syncs with Act ! Go to the Act.com and read their discussion boards and you will see how users are feeling un-supported .
 This software requires many `` upgrades '' at additional cost - to get it to function the way most people would want it to function . Spend more and get something that 's ready to go out of the box .
 Wish I had known how old this software title is and that it would n't run on my computer . Complete waste of Money . Sounded like a perfect game . Hope they update it for this century .
 Because of a defect in the product , it would n't install properly.I went to the website and sent a message to the company 's product support address . The message was returned as undeliverable because the address did not exist.Something is wrong and currently I would NOT recommend this product .
 Did n't work . Ihad this software beforebut lost it in a move . This program did n't work due to lisence expiration and no web backup .
 Do n't take my word for it that 's a quote from the title of a recent post excoriating this irritating and increasingly bloated product on Slashdot.Be warned
 If you use Microsoft Office -LRB- Word , Excel -RRB- do n't buy it ! Links to your previous . pdf simply do n't work . Adobe knows about it , but have no viable work around . Stick with prevous versions .
 Obviously bogus reviews . Version 6 was slow as a dog , so any improvement will make this more interesting . Of course rasing the price to $ 300 and $ 450 is less interesting . What about those of us that upgraded to the slow dog 6 and unintalled it to return to v5 ? how bout tossing us all a bone ?
 This is probably one of the worst distros available based on the Linux OS kernel . Many of the features , icons , etc. are very ` kid-like ' and over-simplified . Not to mention that this distribution has some major issues with graphic drivers . After installation of this software , there is persistent emphasis to join the ` Click-N-Run ' community , which is full of a lot of applications which are largely useless . Most of the productive software apps available for Linux are available totally for free on the internet . If you 're nothing more than a glorified AOL user , and want something overly simplistic and kid-like , than Linspire might be a great choice . Maybe it 's just me but I have a tough time with a company which claims that their software is a perfect alternative to Windows , but absolutely does not support any ` dual-boot ' scenarios . Many users of Linux are forced to use both , due to some software which has no Linux functionality whatsoever . Pitching a product as a great alternative and then offering no support is a contradiction . For a more serious user , try SuSE 10.0 . It 's installation is very well done , their dual-boot works very well , and the documentation provided is excellent . You do not need to buy this product which gives you almost zero support and NO documentation . What exactly are you paying for anyway with Linspire ?
 I received my Printshop 20 and the CD 's did not read . I emailed the company that sent it to me and they are sending out another order to me as soon as possible . Check back in a few weeks and I would love to rewrite my review . I was very happy that they offered to send out another order and I did not have to send the defective one back and pay for shipping . That was very considerate of the company .
 Math Advantage 2006 will not run under Windows 2000 or XP . It will only run under Windows 98 . The software will return a virtual memory error message because it 's an old and outdated software program . Do n't waste your money .
 We got this with high hopes of the information being presented in unique ways . It was n't . There were goofy things thrown in the middle . It 's basically your boring old algorithms taught by young adults . I can see why the show is no longer on PBS . It does n't get kids excited about math , it 's not interesting . Cyberchase is better , even though it 's at a lower level . There are many better products out there . Do n't bother with this one .
 Apparently this software was tested by monkeys , and not even smart monkeys like capuchins . It was probably cheaper spider monkeys.I spent several hours fighting with this software and * 4 * tickets were logged with tech support before I discovered a bug they did n't know about . The software lets you open an IRA automatically -LRB- `` Express IRA '' option -RRB- if it benefits you . If the amount of your refund exceeds the amount for the IRA , the software will send your refund to Taxcut 's affiliated bank . That bank will open your IRA and send you the balance of your refund.DO NOT CHOOSE THIS OPTION !!!!!! The routing number it puts in is WRONG and will cause your electronic filing to be REJECTED by the IRS . It also corrupts the saved file for your return so you ca n't even open it to find out WHY your return was rejected.This option was obviously added after lunch on banana day in the taxcut cafeteria , when the testing monkeys are usually drowsy .
 I will avoid TaxCut in the future.I have always done my taxes by hand , however this year I wanted to take advantage of electronic filing , so I researched programs that would allow me to efile.I chose TaxCut premium in 2003 for the following reasons :1 -RRB- Rebate was available on the for state efile fees .2 -RRB- Rebate was available to get State program free .3 -RRB- Premium was advertised to include a `` Stock Option Advisor '' .4 -RRB- I use Microsoft Money to manage finances and TaxCut seemed to have a good relationship with Microsoft , so thought it would simply importing my tax information.Without these four reasons , I would not have bought TaxCut ... . and all four reasons proved to be invalid .1 -RRB- The rebate for state efile fee required me to fill out forms and mail in via snail mail . It was slow and did not cover 100 % of filing fees as advertised .2 -RRB- The rebate for State version of TaxCut , I mailed in my original box cover with UPC code , filled in the rebate form and provided copy of my purchase receipt as instructed , but they lost the box top . . returned the rebate form to me demanding that I mail in the original box cover with UPC code -LRB- which I no longer had , because they lost it -RRB- . Then when I email them with my complaint , they reply by asking me to send in the original box cover with UPC code ... obviously they do n't read their mail .3 -RRB- The `` Stock Option Advisor '' consisted of two paragraphs of common sense followed by a referal to read IRS Pub 525 for more information . Completely worthless , and false advertising if you ask me .4 -RRB- Finally , TaxCut imported my IRA information incorrectly from Money -LRB- treated as Traditional IRA instead of Roth IRA -RRB- ... It was trying to tell me I owed a penalty for putting too much into IRA 's ... the program thought I had put $ 6000 into an IRA rather than just $ 3000 ... I knew it was wrong , but it took me at least an hour to find the error and correct it . So much for simplifying my taxes.That said , these were all the problems I experienced . Everything else worked fine , but considering every reason for buying it in the first place was eliminated , I would never recommend TaxCut to anyone ... In fact , I recommeded avoiding it .
 I 've bought Turbo tax in 2001 & 2002 . I did n't like the policy of Turbo Tax 2002 with a registration to a single computer . So this year I decided to buy TaxCut Premium and TaxCut State -LRB- CA -RRB- . My experience was positive until I had to enter ESPP stock sales -LRB- the process is much more manual then TurboTax -RRB- . The real problem however was that not only was TaxCut State -LRB- CA -RRB- not going to help fill out form 3510 -LRB- amt related form -RRB- but the program did n't even have the form . I contacted customer services and got the following reply
 If you are at risk for the alternative minimum tax , DO NOT BUY THIS TAX PACKAGE.When you get to the AMT section , there 's no more friendly `` interview '' . TC Premium abruptly tells us to fill out the form !! There are 48 line items on that single IRS form . No friendly interview , no carry-over , just fill out the form.It 's even worse with the AMT credit on the MN return . TC did n't even include the form ! It simply provided the URL for the IRS web site.I was also disappointed in the handling of the Employee Stock Purchase Plan -LRB- ESPP -RRB- . Basically the software provides a text box describing how to do the calculations , then sends you over to the regular capital gains area.This simply is n't sufficient . Not recommended .
 I 've used many different pieces of tax prep software through the years , and this is by far the worst of the lot . Simply put , the programming is terrible , making the user jump through proverbial hoops to get anything but a single-income-source , vanilla return completed competently.For example , answering one question incorrectly in the `` interview '' section can , not surprisingly , lead to a slew of related schedules and worksheets being added to your file that you do n't need ; which would be perfectly fine if it were easy to then remove them . However , that 's not the case at all . To the contrary , this program makes it frustratingly difficult -- actually almost impossible -- to correct such mistakes without inspiring the program to then say your return is riddled with tax `` errors '' that must be fixed -LRB- or else you ca n't move forward -RRB- . In any event , this software could be a lot better . If you can enter all of your information correctly the first time through , then it 's probably okay . But after spending an hour trying to undo one simple mistake that took 5 seconds to make , I wo n't use it again . Because user-friendly is supposed to be just that , and this is n't .
 Horrible download support and service from Amazon . Good luck trying to download this software from Amazon - myself and 2 office co-workers could not download the software.Your best bet is to goto the store and buy the CD .
 You buy this product to save time on your taxes , but then they make you fill out a rebate card in which everything has to be exactly correct , mail it in , wait god knows how many weeks or months , and then make a trip to the bank to cash your check . The time you saved on your tax return is wasted on the rebate ripoff . This advertising gimmick is extremely annoying ; when will they get the message ? Keep in mind also that this product is worthless without an internet connection since they deliberately release the software in incomplete and buggy form on the assumption that all buyers will access the website and download the update . If you have a dial-up connection , the download process is very slow and long .
 I believe this product has been replaced by SOHO Notes.This company has the worst technical support and policies I have have ever run into , period . There is no telephone support , no email support , only a form where they promise 1 to 5 day response -LRB- right ... -RRB- . Their program stopped working in Snow Leopard , for which their response was to offer a $ 25 upgrade.Which crashes my computer.So all of my data stored in their database is no lost , because no version of their program that I have will run . And they have yet to return any forms I sent them . For what it is worth , the phone number I located thru directory assistance is never answered.As for the program itself , I found it useful but incredibly slow for my tiny database.But , the primary consideration for any database is that it not lose your data.Which theirs just did .
 Last year I made the switch from TurboTax to TaxCut . After importing all my data from TurboTax -LRB- the box said it would , -RRB- I completed my taxes and noticed a strange bug that caused the city and zip of my employer to show up as my own ! When I then changed my home address , the address of my employer changed ! Good grief . I called TaxCut and they advised me to REDO my taxes and skip the import from Turbo Tax . However , after spending hours entering all my tax info , I opted to just send it into the IRS with incorrect information . It makes me wonder what other bugs TaxCut may have overlooked . You get what you pay for !
 I have used TaxCut for the past three years and never had trouble until this year . Be careful to look closely at how TaxCut handles direct IRA rollovers . It pulled the rollover amount -LRB- instead of the taxable rollover amount -- $ 0 -RRB- in as taxable on my state form . I ended up having to file a hard copy because of this , and went around the block 6 times with the support staff to try and get them to recognize that there was an issue . They never did .
 I 've never written a negative review before , but I was very disappointed with this program . I sold property this year and there was no instructions on how to fill in that part of the form , so I had to read the IRS instructions and then fill in the actual IRS forms to know how to fill in the dtaxCut forms . Also , I moved from one state to another this year , so I downloaded both states ' programs . Only after I downloaded them did it tell me that the programs did not calculate partial year returns and that I would need to fill in the returns manually . Finally , it will not let me e-file because it will not let me program .
 I 'm an experienced computer and tax software user , including 2002 TaxCut Deluxe . 2003 is a different story . Here 's what I wrote them : I am extremely disappointed with TaxCut Deluxe this year , after using it successfully for 2002 taxes .1 -RRB- After completing the interview , I needed to fill in one item and go back to my 2002 return . In doing so , it wiped out everything I had done for 2003 , requiring me to redo the whole return . Customer Support was befuddled .2 -RRB- I 've now e-filed three times and three times it has been rejected due to invalid characters . I 've done multiple thorough checks and found the only possible problems being dashes in addresses -LRB- '' -- Suite xxx '' -RRB- or zip codes . All the other characters are part of the established formats or inserted by the program
 Annoying , frustrating problems with TaxCut in order of importance - # 1 - Calculations are off . In doing my state taxes , the always visible window of running totals for fed/state amounts owed -LRB- or refunds due -RRB- was showing my state refund at one dollar amount , while the main screen was telling me `` I see you have a refund of -LRB- ten dollars less than the running totals window was showing -RRB- '' . Not good . In printing out my state returns , one copy read `` 1078 '' for medical deductions ; the next day when I printed out another copy the numbers were altered -LRB- no one else was working on this but me -RRB- and the number printed out as `` 178 '' , which threw all of the other numbers off . Also on the state return , my refund on screen appeared as one number , and on the printout of the instructions on how to file , the refund number was off by $ 200 -LRB- on screen it had been off by $ 10 -RRB- . # 2 - The TaxCut Deluxe box advertises -LRB- screams -RRB- that if you buy the Deluxe version , the State program is free . How do you go about getting the necessary form for your state refund ? Do n't bother looking on the TaxCut Deluxe box , you 'll find no helpful information there . If you download the state product , you will find no references whatsoever to this mythical `` rebate '' ; and if you get clever and visit the H&R ; Block website , you 're also in for a surprise - finding this information is not easy -LRB- almost impossible actually.Do enough digging and you will eventually be led to a link that tells you the form you need is buried in your program files under TaxCut/Setup in PDF version -LRB- why would anyone think of looking there in the first place ?? -RRB- It 's not there , so do n't waste your time searching.If you 're not computer savvy and you see these instructions , you have probably already given up . The key to success here is to refuse to accept worthless automated replies for an answer and demand the rebate form that was promised to you . That tactic eventually worked for me . If they really cared about the customer and wanted to avoid deceptive marketing practices , they would have simply posted the needed forms on their website . H&R ; Block certainly does NOT want to make it easy for you to get the refund they lured you with to buy their product . # 3 If you are downloading the state program , you are given a choice of purchasing a $ 4.99 `` download backup protection service . '' Click `` no '' as I did and learn afterwards that you were charged for this unwanted tack-on anyway . Email your complaint -LRB- best of luck finding the contact email -RRB- to have this resolved.Last point -LRB- s -RRB- ... be careful when you set up & install TaxCut . . unless you scrutinize the instructions you 'll find EarthLink busily installing itself as your new dial up ISP -LRB- again the less computer savvy would be duped into thinking this installation was a necessary element of the TaxCut program -RRB- Finally , after all of this , be prepared to endure quite a few irritating pitches for H&R ; Block products/services & related information while you 're stressing out , aggravated as hell & trying to concentrate on completing your returns . --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Previously used Turbotax to do my taxes but this year there were many TaxCut offers and Rebates so thought I would try TaxCut instead . Sorry I did.The only thing that was good is that with the importing of information , it first seems quicker . But the errors and the problems are a disaster . Links do not work . Even an items simple as telling you `` Where to File '' instead of taking you to an address leads to just an general information page -LRB- with no addresses in sight -RRB- Must check that inputted information is in fact used in Return . Fact that there was a question and you answered it does not mean that the information was used.Just one example -- inputted both NYC local taxes paid and NY State taxes paid -- both reported on same return -- but while TaxCUT computed the amount of taxes owed for each , it refused to credit my local taxes paid , showing only the State -- resulting in an erroneous amount due . Multiple times I tried to correct this . No way to do it . Would not even Override!Correction of other TaxCut created errors sometimes could not be done with Overrides but then Return could not be eFiled !
 I 've used Turbotax and Taxcut the past 5 years . My taxes are slightly complex - mortgage , stock trades , S-Corp , and Turbotax makes it very easy . It removes the complexity by asking clear questions.Taxcut is poorly designed . If you 've never used Turbotax , you 'll think Taxcut is OK . I spend so much time because Taxcut will re-ask questions about ordinary dividends under a totally different section . I have no idea if they are talking about the dividends from my equities or dividends from some other form -LRB- partnership , etc -RRB- . So then I think - hmmm - what do they want here - I do n't know.For my State Taxes I withheld my overpayment to apply for this year . In Taxcut , I ca n't figure out how to get it in . I print the form and there 's a line item for it - but in Taxcut software I 've gone thru every question 3 times - ca n't be found.So now it says I owe state taxes and a penalty - but I do n't . I may have to manually do my state taxes - since it 's easier then using Taxcut.There are numerous examples of confusion with Taxcut . I 've never had those with TurboTAx . Yes it costs a bit more , but it 's worth is unless your taxes are very basic .
 I switched to Tax Cut this year based on a review in PC Magazine . Wrong decision . Tax Cut errors caused many program initiated shut downs . At last moment Tax Cut advised delete program-just as I attempted to e-mail my return - and had to uninstall and reinstall program and return . Still unable to send by e-file . What a mess . The program is just not as user friendly as I expected . Tax Cut has more work to do . A no recommend . Either pencil or back to Turbo Tax .
 First , I should say that I am a citizen living overseas , and thus have to fill in forms 2555 and 1116 and so forth . Taxcut includes these forms , but offers little guidance on filling them in . It would be just as easy using a pen and paper . Worse still , although it happily excludes by foreign income , it refuses to acknowledge the existence of non-US earned income on 1040 , so I had to manually enter that too.Second , I imported capital gains data from Quicken . Oh dear ! One transaction was repeated six times in Taxcut . And , when you deleted one of these repetitions , it ALSO deleted another unrelated transaction . In short , I had to do it by hand.In general , despites its own flaws , I 'll go back to Turbotax next year . The interview there is more comprehensive and informative , and it seems to have fewer errors .
 Like many users , I decided to give TaxCut a try after last year 's TurboTax fiasco . Big mistake ! Based on other reviews , I was prepared for problems importing data from Quicken and from last year 's return , and entering the information by hand was n't a big deal . But the clunky user interface , hugely delayed state update and other problems are sending me running back to TurboTax . The deal-breaker was checking my federal return a second time and being told there were 7 errors that had to be corrected before filing . -LRB- The first time I checked the return , there were -- you guessed it -- no errors . -RRB- Nothing changed in between the two reviews
 Two distinct problems -LRB- seems each year it gets harder to use , and less friendly -RRB- . a. Overwrote last years files , without warning . Fortunately had a saved copy on a floppy disc.b . Entered state information and could not remove it , when I discovered in a later ` interview ' question that I had entered the information in the wrong place . Had to ` force ' the entry which then brings up an error in the review.In general , very frustrating to use , and each year it becomes worse , not better . The good days of TaxEdge are gone , and had to convert to TurboTax , which also grew more cumbersome each year , so I switched to TaxCut . This may be my last year with it.No way to give feedback either , unless one would ` pay ' $ 20 to tell of the problem .
 I 've used TaxCut for a few years and used to be satisfied with it . But this year I ran into a bug -LRB- in my copy anyway -RRB- that TaxCut tech support has n't been able to fix or provide a workaround after many email exchanges -LRB- there is no phone support -RRB- . I finally asked for my money back ; they refuse to refund my money because I bought TaxCut more than 60 days ago . In fact , I bought it back in December and so there is no way I could have made use of the product within the first 60 days . Their tech support is lousy , their product has bugs -LRB- which tech support ca n't duplicate -RRB- , and worst of all , they wo n't consider a refund .
 I attempted to buy the state software , but the server was down and could not accept a credit card payment . I have been trying for 2 days now . I tried to call customer support and you can not unless you pay $ 9.95 . You can not even contact them through email.I am returning the software .
 I switched to Tax Cut Deluxe because of the spy ware and CD Rom protection issues with Intuit TurboTax last year . -LRB- TurboTax 's CD Rom protection software disabled a few of my video games , and was difficult to uninstall . -RRB- Unfortunately , I 'm experiencing several problems with H&R Block 's Tax Cut Deluxe .1 . I need to use the K-1 Partnership/S Corporation worksheet , and Form 6198 . Tax Cut will not allow me to file until H&R Block releases a patch , scheduled for `` early February . `` 2 . I ca n't obtain the H&R Block State software until the end of February.The software is cheaper then Intuit 's by a fair margin , and as a BETA product , it shows promise . But it should be ready to go NOW.Given that Tax Cut has a `` 100 % Satisfaction 60-day Money-Back Guarantee '' , and that I wo n't be able to obtain a working product for more than 30 days , I 'm considering calling this product `` unsatisfactory '' and exercising my right to a refund .
 I had used Turbo Tax for 10 years and was scared off by the Copy protection issues last year . I switched to Tax Cut and was quite satisfied with the product , -LRB- minor irritations with the clunkier User Interface -RRB- . I decided to re-up this year , and finished my return . However when I went to E-file I could not read last years AGI from my previous return -LRB- required to e-file -RRB- . I went to the Support database and found out that I had to have last year 's program installed on my machine to look at my last year 's AGI . This has been an issue in the support database since at least 2000 , and the SW still works this way , even though the file is obviously readable since it is used for data import . I did not have the SW installed because I had purchased a new computer and only moved the data records not the program files . So I got out my old disk and reinstalled the previous year 's product -LRB- new machine , bigger drive -RRB- only to have it tell me it could not read the file because my STATE program was n't present ! I called customer support and spoke to a representative who told me they had a record of my purchase and would send me instructions to obtain the download in my e-mail . After 1 hour or so there was still nothing in my inbox , so I called back only to be told that I had NOT PURCHASED UNLIMITED DOWNLOAD for an extra $ 4.95 . They then said they would not give me the download unless I purchased this service!I guess it 's my own fault for not planning ahead and buying the unlimited download knowing I would need to read my old return to submit this year 's return . Of course it could also be their awkward semi-protection scheme , and conflicted customer support . In any case I will not buy this product again , and I 'm telling you about it too .
 After using TurboTax for 2 years , I decided to give TaxCut a try . Big mistake ! After going through the interview process , an error check produced about 4 warnings . None of the warnings made sense to me . A second error check was done just before filing electronically and found 2 errors . I had to override the computed values for a couple of fields to correct the problem.Then , I got errors trying to send my return electronically . The advice from H&R Block was to remove my router , disable my firewall , and disable my antivirus software ! My friend told me the problems sending electronically has been there for 2 years . Then I purchased TurboTax and everything worked flawlessly the first time . I will never buy TaxCut again .
 I am not a fan of Intuit ; I think their rebate program is sort of like looking for the proper stamps in the Publisher Clearing House Sweepstakes , plus their forcing you to purchase tax tables each year for QuickBooks that are already published free by the IRS is akin to something between blackmail and highway robbery . So it saddens me to say that you should stay away from this year 's TaxCut , TurboTax 's main competitor.I switched to TaxCut for last year 's taxes because I felt that Intuit 's usage policy would probably make my life difficult in the future because I am constantly recycling computers at my house . TaxCut did the job then ; it was not as user friendly as TurboTax but I got my taxes done in half the time -LRB- one weekend -RRB- as opposed to TurboTax -LRB- two weekends the year before -RRB- . This year 's TaxCut did not even convert their last year 's data correctly ; all my 5-year depreciations were changed to 27.5-year depreciation . I ended up having to override line 10 Federal Form 1040 line because no matter where I entered my last year 's state tax refund this line would end up blank . The rental and royalties worksheet refused to transfer the correct information to Federal Schedule E unless you did the calculations yourself and overrode the entire worksheet.I ended up going through the forms line by line while comparing it to my last year 's return and then right clicking the values to find where the incorrect entry came from so I could then correct the values or override them . None of the goofy numbers TaxCut came up with were from something that I entered . Overall it would have cost me a 15 percent increase to my taxes had I not corrected what it was doing or not doing.Intuit
 I had none of the problems that several have complained about using TaxCut Deluxe 2003 . I have used TurboTax before . I switched to TaxCut last year because of the many complaints TurboTax was getting about their registration program , spyware , etc. . I had no problems completing my taxes , no duplications of W-2 's , no problems getting updates . I found my experience with using this tax program not much different from TurboTax . I do have a problem with H&R Block though . TaxCut Deluxe offers a rebate for DeductionPro . The tax program will even take you to the H&R Block website to give you an opportunity to download the product to help with non-cash charity donations to calculate what should be claimed . The problem with downloading DeductionPro is that the rebate for the product is not honored if it is downloaded . It has to be purchased at a retail store to get the rebate . No where on the website , on the rebate coupon , or in the program does it state that the rebate is not good if the program is downloaded directly . It does indicate to send in the UPC code from the box of the product , but if I downloaded it directly from their website , they should have a record that it was purchased legally . They gave me some bogus excuse `` that due to customer buying habits , we have elected not to honor rebates unless purchased from a retail store '' , or something to that effect . I think the product is good , but I do n't like their business practices . I may well go back to TurboTax next year . I am giving the product two stars because of their business practices . Overall , I thought the way it handled my taxes was acceptable .
 I had a mixed experience with Taxcut . I have been doing my returns by hand for years , and I finally decided to use software this year . I really dislike Intuit as a company , so I went with Taxcut instead of Turbotax.Overall , the process was quite painless . I have a slightly more complicated than average return , and I completed the whole Federal process in about 3.5 hours , which is significantly less than manual filing . I actually recieved a slightly higher refund than I anticipated . So far , so good.Then I proceeded to file my NY State taxes.THE SOFTWARE SAID I OWED ~ $ 5000 MORE IN TAXES THAN I ACTUALLY OWED . I knew going in that we had overpaid by a few hundred dollars . Thank God I knew what I was doing . I proceeded to file manually , and the refund worked out to ~ $ 300 , rather than owing $ 4700 . I was never able to fix the problem on Taxcut . All the data had been imported from our Federal version , and I could n't figure out how to change it . -LRB- I did n't spend too much time trying , as I knew I could do it quickly by hand . -RRB- If I had n't known what I was doing , I could easily have spent many hours and perhaps dollars trying to fix this problem . I do n't think I 'll be using Taxcut again .
 Last year I used TaxAct , which was available free for download , and I was quite happy with it . Compared with TaxAct 2002 , TaxCut Deluxe 2003 is such a hassle . It is difficult to navigate through worksheets and forms . There are entries that are set to default values , and if I change any of them , I can not e-file tax return . The display has many bugs , and not all the numbers are displayed , or some times numbers from different entries overlap . Now I lost confidence in TaxCut Dexlue 2003 , I am going to download another tax software and compare the numbers .
 I had mixed reviews from Amazon before I bought this , as well as from the state version , but I figured it only cost $ 20 for both after rebates , what could it hurt ? Total waste of time ! This program is just that , cheap ! Eventhough this is my first time attempting to file for myself , I am a self-employed massage therapist and have been paying taxes on it for 4 years now . I thought their questions were too vague and the program skipped around a lot . For example , if you were wanting to go back to the last question , it might take you way back to the beginning of the section instead ... Very confusing and poorly made.I could have all the numbers right , but I do n't want to be so quick to pay the IRS $ 1000 ! I think I will pay $ 130 to take my print out to a professional and get some advice from them for the future .
 My mother worked for H&R ; Block for many years , so I have no personal problem with them.I have not used the 2004 , but I just quit working on the 2002 edition . I got halfway through my return -LRB- 20 hours work -RRB- and I finally quit . The numbers were incorrect , but I did not notice until the last few entries.I have rental properties and , even though I entered the information where it belonged , it somehow got transferred elsewhere . All of my real estate taxes got moved from where they belonged to form A. Entering the information directly onto the tax forms required me to override every single step -LRB- 3 mouse clicks , I think ? -RRB- . Also , I was not able to go to help and figure out what my standard mileage cost was , so it took me considerable time to go through their mileage dialogue boxes when all I wanted was standard mileage.I had used Turbo Tax in previous years and was not unhappy with them ; however , I had heard that Turbo Tax put spyware on the computer , and that it was difficult to install on more than one computer , so I decided to opt for a change . TaxCut was cheaper , and I figured there would really be no difference -LRB- I used Parson 's tax software years ago and liked them until they stopped making that program -RRB- . Anyway , at least for year 2002 , TaxCut is much worse than Turbo Tax and Parson 's old tax program . The big problem is , it puts information in the wrong place ; and I have been doing my own taxes for 20 years , so it is not a mistake which I am making.I downloaded TaxAct just a moment ago ; it is cheaper than either turbo tax or taxcut , and so far , it behaves just like it is supposed to . I have been entering some info by their prompts and other info directingly onto the tax forms , and , except for the fact that the auto-save requires me to hit the hardreturn every time , other than that , I really like TaxAct . It is functioning exactly how it is supposed to . Furthermore , I have entered in a couple of properties and printed it out , and everything is going where it belongs .
 Due to a bug in TaxCut , my W-2 form got duplicated . This changed us from having a $ 7,000 refund to owing $ 7,000 . I did n't catch TaxCut 's bug before I e-filed . Now I 've got to go file amended returns for both Federal and State . What a nightmare ! This thing is supposed to make my life * easier * ? NOT!Besides that , the program 's just generally buggy .
 This program stinks ! First of all , it took me forever to do my taxes on this d *** thing . Then we had to download the State Taxes after it said on the box that it was included with the Federal Taxes . Next , when all was said and done -LRB- yea right ! -RRB- it said I had warnings and erros but it did n't say how to fix it . After many screams and hollers , I was ready to e-file -LRB- a big joke ! -RRB- ; I had to fill out even more paper work then I did when I had to do it by snail mail . And I could n't even print it out for snail mail ! Whoever made this program , must have been a nerd who got picked on a lot and this is their revenge.This program stinks , stay away from it and do what you normally do . All this does is ask you bogus questions about , God knows what , and you 're left with anger and fustration . I 'd give this a big fat ZERO if I could but it gets a one by default .
 This is horrendous . I switched from TurboTax to TaxCut last year because of all the spyware hoopla . Last year was n't so terrible , but this year 's version is proving to be a complete POS . When I finally finished my tax returns and was ready to e-file , I was told that I had `` errors '' on my state return . When I went to fix the error , I discovered that the `` error '' was a form that was missing my child 's name ... for `` interest or income reported for a minor '' -LRB- something like that -RRB- . I did not HAVE any interest or income to report for my child . All the numbers on the form were zeros , so I could n't figure out why the darn program was even USING that form . I could n't figure out how to remove the form , and could n't enter in my son 's name , because if I did it said I would be unable to e-file my return ! ARRRGGGHH !!! I could n't even find where the information was supposed to be coming from , because the dialog box with that information in it stated that the information was n't coming from any other form . It made absolutely no sense . I finally emailed customer support and then shut my computer off for the night . Today , when I turned my computer on and opened the program ... voila ! No more error . It makes absolutely no sense what.so.ever.DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE !! Just bite the bullet and buy TurboTax instead . Download some free anti-spyware software and remove the spyware after you install TurboTax . * sigh * I will never make this mistake again .
 I used TaxCut last year with few problems and I decided to opt for the 2003 downloadable Deluxe version . TaxCut informed me it would e-mail me when it was available for download . I NEVER received an e-mail notification and finally called them a few days ago ... granted it was a huge pain in the rear just to find a phone number to talk with a human being . After a few inquiry e-mails with their on-line customer service , I got some numbers -LRB- 952-253-8558 for on-line users or 888-4TaxCut -RRB- . After sending me back and forth between a few mostly incompetent `` customer service '' representatives , they informed me that they indeed sent me an e-mail in November notifying me of its availability . I receive no spam in my e-mail in-box , so it 's not as if I would 've forgotten or deleted the e-mail from them ! I consider myself a responsible person ! They were basically calling me a liar and said `` tough sh -- . '' All I was asking for was a reimbursement of the extended download service -LRB- $ 5 -RRB- . This , evidently , was asking for the moon.So , now I have to purchase the extended download service to even use the software I purchased in September 2003 . Yeah , it 's only $ 5 , but the general principle of this bugs me . I wonder how many other people they 've gouged . It 's extremely poor and unethical business practice and I would recommend paying the extra cash for either TurboTax or a professional tax preparer .
 Just tried to e-file my taxes with this product . After 2 unsuccessful attempts , I checked their FAQ for transmission problems . -LRB- See for yourself at www.taxcut.com/customer_support , then click e-filing , transmission errors , connectivity problems -RRB- They recommend disabling your anti-virus software , disabling your firewall and circumventing your router . Apparently , they do n't want you to protect your very valuable personal information at ALL !! I 'm horrified . These are basics !! If you 're going to e-file I recommend looking elsewhere .
 Annoying , frustrating problems with TaxCut in order of importance - # 1 - Calculations are off . In doing my state taxes , the always visible window of running totals for fed/state amounts owed -LRB- or refunds due -RRB- was showing my state refund at one dollar amount , while the main screen was telling me `` I see you have a refund of -LRB- ten dollars less than the running totals window was showing -RRB- '' . Not good . In printing out my state returns , one copy read `` 1078 '' for medical deductions ; the next day when I printed out another copy the numbers were altered -LRB- no one else was working on this but me -RRB- and the number printed out as `` 178 '' , which threw all of the other numbers off . Also on the state return , my refund on screen appeared as one number , and on the printout of the instructions on how to file , the refund number was off by $ 200 -LRB- on screen it had been off by $ 10 -RRB- . # 2 - The TaxCut Deluxe box advertises -LRB- screams -RRB- that if you buy the Deluxe version , the State program is free . How do you go about getting the necessary form for your state refund ? Do n't bother looking on the TaxCut Deluxe box , you 'll find no helpful information there . If you download the state product , you will find no references whatsoever to this mythical `` rebate '' ; and if you get clever and visit the H&R ; Block website , you 're also in for a surprise - finding this information is not easy -LRB- almost impossible actually.Do enough digging and you will eventually be led to a link that tells you the form you need is buried in your program files under TaxCut/Setup in PDF version -LRB- why would anyone think of looking there in the first place ?? -RRB- It 's not there , so do n't waste your time searching.If you 're not computer savvy and you are trying to work through these instructions , you have probably already given up . The key to success here is to refuse to accept worthless automated replies for an answer and demand the rebate form that was promised to you . That tactic eventually worked for me . If they really cared about the customer and wanted to avoid deceptive marketing practices , they would have simply posted the needed forms on their website . H&R ; Block certainly does NOT want to make it easy for you to get the refund they lured you with to buy their product . # 3 If you are downloading the state program , you are given a choice of purchasing a $ 4.99 `` download backup protection service . '' Click `` no '' as I did and learn afterwards that you were charged for this unwanted tack-on anyway . Email your complaint -LRB- best of luck finding the contact email -RRB- to have this resolved.Last point -LRB- s -RRB- ... be careful when you set up & install TaxCut . . unless you scrutinize the instructions you 'll find EarthLink busily installing itself as your new dial up ISP -LRB- again the less computer savvy would be duped into thinking this installation was a necessary element of the TaxCut program -RRB- Finally , after all of this , be prepared to endure quite a few irritating pitches for H&R ; Block products/services & related information while you 're stressing out , aggravated as hell & trying to concentrate on completing your returns .
 I used Turbo Tax for several years with few problems but decided to try TaxCut this year , since it is cheaper and , according to reviews at Amazon , quite similar.I may have saved about ten dollars , but it took me four or five hours longer to do my taxes than would have been the case had I used Turbo Tax . TaxCut does not download 1099 information from most financial institutions , the `` help '' feature is almost always well ... unhelpful . One calculation in my return was unquestionably wrong -LRB- the software designers seemed to suspect that it might not give the right figure for many users and thus suggests overriding the program 's calculation -- but overriding a single figure means the program will not allow you to file electronically . The program mysteriously made extra copies of many forms.The main point of TaxCut seems to be to sell H&R Block products . If you want a user friendly tax preparation program , you would do well to look elsewhere .
 I have always used turbotax and this year purchased taxcut . What a mistake !!! Had to get the help of my duaghter who is a CPA and we still had problems . This program would not delete the EIC -LRB- earned income credit -RRB- form from my return although it stated that I was not eligible for it . Took hours to complete unlike turbotax which was a breeze to use . Another frustration is when I went to print out a copy of my returne -LRB- I e-filed -RRB- and I got a total of 25 pages when filing a 1040 , Schedule A -LRB- very simple with large medical expenses and some mortgage interest -RRB- , and form 8863 -LRB- educational credits -RRB- for one of my children -RRB- . What a waste of paper and ink !! Will never use it again !!
 After having to put up with all kinds of TurboTax registration B.S. last year I read the reviews of TaxCut purchasers who said it was a 4-star product with less hassles . This made me swear off ever using TurboTax again -LRB- could n't use on more than one computer and I originally installed the software at work on a laptop that was leased etc. long story -RRB- . This year I made certain to buy TaxCut and avoid any registration hassles at all . What I received was a half-rate basic version of a tax program . This review would n't be that bad if I had purchased TaxCut Standard , but for the extra $ 20 I bought Deluxe . TaxCut Deluxe was a waste of money . No deduction help was included and the `` extra features '' were merely tax advice sections that mostly talked about preparing for next year.As much as I hate to say it , I will be returning to TurboTax deluxe next year . It 's ease of use , more intelligent screens and comprehensive deluxe version are all worth paying the extra $ 5 and dealing with the registration issues.I recommend TaxAct for anyone who recently purchased this product . TaxAct is free and has 100 % the functionality of this program .
 TaxCut Deluxe 2003 is the most awful software I have ever tried to use . It let me enter all my data and then absolutely refused to go the final step until I logged into the internet and allowed it to `` check for updates for child care costs '' or some such ridiculous excuse , which it spent 20 minutes downloading . And I do n't even claim any dependents ! I suspect that it was uploading my income and address data to H&R Block . You ca n't tell what it 's doing . Then it has no screen view of your final tax return -- you have to print out 5 pages to see it ! Truely awful . Never buy this.Jerry
 We used TaxCut last year with no problem , but after our experience this year , we wo n't buy it again . We encountered two serious bugs in the program . At one point , TaxCut refused to believe that we now live in a different state from that in which we earned money last year . The other bug miscalculated our taxable earnings in the state we lived in last year . After six days , we still have n't heard back from TaxCut . Fortunately , we 've since bought TaxACT , which worked perfectly and cost less .
 used TurboTax last year and went smoothly . Read about C-Dilla on Turbotax last year -LRB- which they dropped subsequently -RRB- , got ticked off , so tried Tax Cut . Just awful in comparison . Unlike Turbotax , you ca n't view the forms , and you cant easily make changes to inputed items . I tried figuring NY state tax and for some reason it didnt pick up the city taxes withheld even though it was entered . And you cant print to a PDF file -LRB- so i can take to my office and print on laser printer -RRB- , can only only hard-print , and no way to review the form before you do ! Miserable . Going to order TurboTax today and never go back to H&R Blockhead Tax Cut .
 I used TaxCut last year , and had no problems , though it was a bit more difficult to use than TurboTax . This year the interface is much slicker , but bugs prevented me from efiling.I 'd started doing my taxes a few weeks ago , and gave up when I got to the State section and was told to enter the information directly into the forms . Tomorrow is the deadline , though , so I went back , worked through the forms , and ran the error check - all was fine . Then when I went to efile I was told I could n't because I had n't entered information about investment income from a dependant . There was nothing in my return about dependants , so I do n't know where that came from , and I ca n't turn it off.There was also a problem with a 1099-MISC . It passes the initial check , but not the efile check . There is n't enough information to help me decide if there 's a mistake in the return or whether the efile option just is n't available for me . If I `` fix '' the problem , I 'm pretty sure I 'm classifying the income in the wrong way . So now I 'll just have to print everything out and go stand in line at the post office .
 This software had us owing over $ 700.00 . We knew something was wrong so on top of the $ 26.00 I paid for the software I then went to have a tax person look them over for another $ 30.00 . Apparently the software automatically puts numbers in that it should n't . Bottom line , we did them over ourselves and got a return of over $ 2,000.00 which is about our usual amount . I begged my husband to try this software . Never again .
 I used TaxCut 2002 because of the stupidity of TurboTax in including the code that only allowed you to install it on one computer -LRB- this is no longer the case in the 2003 version -RRB- . I found the interface to be significantly poorer , you had to perform more manual calculations and work , and it had errors in the code for the state tax programs . Last year I worked in 2 states so I had to partition my income by state . I TaxCut would not do this properly , kept changing my address listed on the return from IL to IN and back and forth when I tried to fix the data , and ultimately became more trouble than it was worth . In the end , I had to manually override the data to print my return . What a waste ! I do have to give them credit that they refunded me the cost of the additional state program I bought , but I will never use this program again . I am back to Turbo Tax this year because it is the better of two average products .
 I can not think of a single reason you should have to click 3 buttons and go through 2 screens to enter 1 stock transaction . On the contrary , you should be able to enter 10 or more per screen . It took hours to enter 200 stock transactions.Then , after the error check , certain transactions seemed to be duplicated . Upon trying to delete them with the delete button , they would not delete . If you change one of the duplicates , the contents of the other changes also . Then , looking through the list , I find that every one of the other duplicate transactions were duplicated again each time I tried to delete the first duplicated transaction pair . Now I have dozens of transactions that will not delete - after spending 2 days doing data entry and using the interviews for doing all data entry and changes , as the product recommends - - - even though it is excruciating slow work with the poor user interface design.What a piece of junk . -LRB- And this was the final 2003 version - - - the one with all the latest fixes ! -RRB-
 Tax Cut imported an 1099 DIV form that was n't mine . It doubled my Schedule C income by including last year 's 1099 MISC income when I ran Error Check -LRB- This generates errors rather than fixing them -RRB- . The 2-year comparison sheet was n't even close on last year 's numbers . To get a useful return , I had to delete all previous depreciation expense and then enter it by hand . Depreciation shows up on the worksheets but not on my tax form . This product increases your taxes , makes all kinds of errors and does n't explain anything so it hard to tell if something that does n't look right is another Tax Cut goof or really should be there . Give yourself a break -LRB- tax and otherwise -RRB- , do n't buy this product .
 Most software vendors have figured out the basics of pagination . TaxCut deluxe , on the other hand , offers you the wonderful ` feature ' of splitting your ` for my records ' copy in mid line . This product should be labled ` Scotch tape not included . ` It would also be nice if it did n't flag errors for forms it somehow decided I needed to file even though there was nothing filled in on them .
 I have used TurboTax for 3 years running , and , due to a favorable review in the Wall Street Journal , I thought I 'd try TaxCut Deluxe this year . What a mistake ! Not only do I have problems printing , their online help is missing TONS of information -LRB- how helpful is that ?! -RRB- . Hard to navigate . The set-up wizard did n't help reconfigure my screen , so windows were cut off . It got the job done -LRB- although I still ca n't print everything -- even their web site 's help sucks -RRB- , but I 'll never buy TaxCut again .
 I have used TaxCut for 4 years , ever since TurboTax decided that customers should be marketed to death with in product ads.This year while I 'm paying for a state download , the marketing ads are the only thing that works . My credit card was charged , but no download screen . IE errors when trying to print the reciept , I had to use a Mozilla based HTML reader after saving the email to disk . Why does a email reciept have to be so loaded with HTML ads for nonrelated products that IE creates script errors?I never did get the state download , the web pages never load . I ca n't ask for help , no email address ever appears and a telephone call is $ 10.00 . I do n't want to go back to Intuit and the endless ads . Now Turbotax is a `` maximum marketing '' product as well.Calculator - $ 1.00 Pencil - 10 centsForms - freeNot having the pencil crash and the calculator market me - ****** Priceless ******
 I switched from Turbo Tax because of the offer with MS money , which I use for online bill paying . I figuered since I use that far more frequently , it was better to go with the TaxCut/Money offer . BIG MISTAKE . I had to hunt around to find deductions I knew I was entitled to but was not asked about , and when I imported my deductions in from MS Money , it brought over the payees only , not the amounts . TurboTax worked better with MS Money , and I 'm now a loyal TurboTax user from here on in .
 Bad piece of software ! I imported from Turbo Tax and found out after filing that they imported my last years data incorrectly!Plus all the stuff the other guys also say are true - bad navigation , confusing layout . Hopefully the filing goes thru the 2nd time without problems . You have to choose between 2 bad products Turbo Tax and TaxCut !
 If you have to e-file different marriage status for fed and state , you ask for the problem ! Badly design and no helpful hint . I used TaxAct last year with no problem ! I switch to TaxCut this year because of their rebate price . I am wrong !
 This is even worse than Turbo Tax . I made the switch because I did n't like all the added and UNWANTED software that TurboTax loads onto your machine . TaxCut ca n't even add up the columns on Schedule E. And where there are three possible options , only one works . This is a waste of money !!
 After 5 years using Turbo Tax I decide to try TaxCut premium.Why not ? ... . I got programs like anti-virus , Will and deduction pro with rebates and free money 2004 , state and e-filling after tax off course . Did I mention Price ? I will end up spending just $ 65 . To begin , I open the program full screen , to the right of the program the help section , with answers to your possible questions , to the left empty space on the bottom the same empty space . Wait !!! only a quarter of the screen is usable ? ok ! let look for a view zoom or enlargement for the screen , no luck . I said oh well !! for the price . . I started answer questions but wait !! I have passed pages after pages and I only have the 1st W2 completed?What is wrong ? I finally realize the quarter screen will cause problems and instead of finishing in a day it may take days.I started to look the possibility of returning the program but again look all you got , anti-virus , money 2004 , deduction pro , state and a will program.I download to the program my gains and losses from Quicken , huge mistake . It was repeated twice , forget about deleting the double entry , everytime I delete a sale the screen goes to default , main screen up second screen down ; -LRB- remember the 1/4 screen ? creates scroll bars -RRB- so , scroll those bar for long time and you lost track of what you did.In top of that if I delete an entry its create another of the same so , I end up deleting the same entry 5 times ; finally last click I 'm done with Gains and losses.Wait !! Oh no !! the program also deleted some of my gains and losses.Do I have to start over ? Heck , no !!! I took all the special offer softwares and rebates back to the store and return the open TaxCut to H&R ; Block for a refund.I went back to my Turbo Tax and all the screen are usable when you get long forms or questions . I love it !! Forgive me Intuit for trying to use a cheaper piece of junk program called TaxCut.Remember , you get what you pay for ...
 The first return I created went ok.But on the 2nd return , it kept messing up my direct deposit info.I figured out that if you try to deduct the e-file fee from your refund , it messes up your direct deposit info . If you pay bycredit card , everything is ok.Took me several days to figure this out.Do not buy this piece of crap.ML
 Form navigation is poor -LRB- budget a LOT of time for a Partnership return -RRB- , there are too many bugs , and you have to wait forever for updated forms .
 I tried this product last year and had to go out and buy Turbo Tax as well just so I could e-file . I was unable to download the state software and was unable to e-file my federal . The customer support was almost non-existent . Like the other reviewer I tried Tax Cut because I was n't happy with Intuit 's product activation/spyware but Turbo Tax works like a dream and Tax Cut just does n't . If you want to save some money and print the forms for mailing I suppose Tax Cut might suffice if you 're a very patient person but I 'd look for other alternatives like maybe the IRS online filing or just use paper forms .
 If you want headaches , calculation errors and finally rejected returns go for this - I am going to try and return this piece of s **** . No customer support to call / chat - they say there is but it hidden somewhere in the website that I can not find . There is $ 10 per call and belive me you wil have to call lots of time .
 TaxCut 's interface is NOT user-friendly . eFile access was difficult -LRB- almost impossible -RRB- to obtain , and it was even harder to transfer last year 's information . This program is filled with bugs -- so if you are new to filing taxes , I would n't take my chances with TaxCut . You get what you pay for with this cheap software , so my advice is to invest in a copy of TurboTax instead . I did , and it saved my sanity !
 No matter what we tried we could not get the first copy of this to work on XP .
 Sucked , very glitchy , did not work , has a disclaimer right on the disc . Do not buy .
 This software is not designed well at all . It requires an Internet read phone . Mine is a LG 8100 and it would n't get the file over the internet . It wo n't allow one to use a USB cable . I tried one that I had and it did n't work.However , the the price it was n't worth sending it back .
 I thought item was difficult to use and it did not work with my nextel phone ... poor item
 I bought this game in a four pack . If that little girl asks me to play another stupid game with her I 'm gon na tell here where to stick the pieces . Without all the puzzles it wouldve been OK . It was n't near as scary as people made it out to be and I 'm a wuss . Just a long , long game that leads to a stupid ending . Although when she got ate by the plant , that was pretty funny .
 I 've only played a few but this one is not nearly as good as the other Nancy Drew games that I have played . There 's just too much walking around the same places in the house over and over ... and over . At the very least there should have been some clues outside so you could have a change of scenery to wake you up , but once you go in the manor house at the very beginning you 're not allowed to leave . I could n't finish it ... it 's just too boring .
 I 've messed around with this game for about three days now and only found one object I could pick up , and do n't have a clue how to solve any of the puzzles . What a waste .
 I was hoping for a game that would be similar to Message in a Haunted Mansion , or Treasure in a Royal Tower . Boy was I wrong ! This game was full of tasks ! I was going back and forth and still progressing slowly in the game . The plot was boring and I would n't think that even a teenager would find it fun , much less a child . There was very little to explore in this game , and you ran back and forth and had to do mundane puzzles to finish the game . And the game was a bit ... creepy . I would n't recommend this game to anyone . I have played 5 Nancy Drew games , and I loved them all except this one .
 I thought it was hard , if I did n't have a cheat sheet , I would n't have a clue . The dungeon is rooms within rooms and I kept getting lost . I was n't fond of having to play a game everytime I needed a flashlight . I did n't like all the other games you were forced to play either . Unfortunately I am still chasing the 13 ghosts around in order to get my next clue . I am finding the whole thing monontonous and somewhat frustrating , not fun !
 ** TWO STARS . -LSB- I had written a review of this game a couple days ago , giving it only one star . But , I 'm rewriting my review and I 'm unable to change the rating scale . -RSB- I had the same problem with Blackmore Manor that I 've had with a few other Nancy Drew game - inability to finish the game because of the timed puzzles . Everytime I play N.D. games , I select the `` Senior Detective '' level - which is probably a big mistake . I always seem to have difficulty completing timed puzzles . I guess my old -LRB- closer to 50 than 40 -RRB- hands just do n't have quick enough reflexes to accomplish these puzzles . With the Blackmore Curse , my first problem came in the form of a typing test . The player needs to take the test and achieve a high enough score to obtain a clue - without which , the game can not progress . I do n't know what score was needed , but the best I could do was 25wpm - `` Not good enough ! '' In order to get past this , I uninstalled the game and then reinstalled it . My old saves were not deleted with the uninstall so when I restarted the game , I chose `` Junior Detective '' and loaded up my last saved game from the first install . This actually worked and I was able to take the test again and achieve a high enough score to obtain the clue and continue on with the game.Unfortunately , when I was almost at the end of the game there was another timed puzzle -LRB- going to three locations and touching certain objects with a wand -RRB- within a very short amount of time . I tried this over and over and over without success . Therefore , I was unable to complete the last couple of tasks and finish the game . I had the same problem at the very end of Shadow Ranch and on one of the games in Deception Island . I know in one of the earliest games Her Interactive had a patch available for download to allow extra time to finish the final puzzle - even with the extra time I could n't finish that game . Apparently , I 'm hopeless in these games.The sad thing is that I really enjoyed everything that came before this stopping place in Blackmore Manor . The -LRB- untimed -RRB- puzzles were more challenging than previous games and a haunted mansion is a great setting for a game . But this is the fourth time I could n't finish a Nancy Drew game . I do n't think I 'll be buying anymore .
 I have a 13 year old daughter who LOVES the Nancy Drew games . I have bought her so many . She got this one for Christmas . Well , last night , she was playing this game with my ten year old son . I did n't see the game , but from what I gather from their comments , there was a scary thing floating over Nancy 's bed . It scared them so bad that they came screaming and running into my living room . It terrified them so much that they did n't want to go to bed alone last night . All three of my children ended up sleeping together in a bed with many lights on.I would say this is not a family friendly game , and I am not sure why they would make such a thing for children .
 I found this game to be boring and the graphics so-so . I do n't recommend buying this if you 're over 12 .
 It was n't what i expected each nancy drew game is getting so much easyier and there getting shorter and shorter.It says 20 hours of game play but it is only like 10 Hours Not even . Nancy Drew Company does not spend any time on their games any more . They try to do it as fast as they can alot of my brnad new anancy drew games have glitches in them . For example in stay tuned for danger i bought it that day intalled it and i played if for a week i beat it so i wanted to play on master detective but when i clicked on the cabnit in Matties dressing room in the begining of the game i ended up in dwanyes room before the end of the game . I recomend buying One of the first 6 games those are the best . Thanks . Signed , Annoymyss
 After reading great reviews on the Nancy Drew series , I purchased Curse of Blackmoor Manor , installed it and went to play . There is no option for adjusting screen resolution and anyone who has a monitor larger than 15 inches will be terribly disappointed . As this is the 11th game in the series , and fairly recent , it is a shame HerInteractive decided everyone probably has a 5 to 7 year old computer with an inferior graphics card . Even if the game is excellent , the graphics are totally unworthy . Their website offers no solution and does not even address the issue .
 After playing four other EXCELLENT Nancy Drew games , imagine my shock and dismay after having tried to get into this one . Being in agreement with the other reviewer , I am extremely disappointed that HerInteractive , a company which has put out so many wonderfully family-friendly games , would infuse this one with so much dark and innapropriate subject matter , such as witchcraft , astrology , mysticism and the occult . Not at all what I was expecting , I am sorry to report . My recommendation is to stay far away from this game and the harmful content that it contains .
 This will be the third review I wrote ! My dad is a cop u know!I thought this was Grand Theft Auto -LRB- as I said the first two times ! -RRB- when I turned it on peeps were dancing ! This game is stupid do n't ever getit !
 i could not get the game to down load on to my computer at all . i even tried it on another compuertor wo n't work
 My first Nancy Drew mystery game ; based on reviews I was very disappointed . Yes , graphics are great , but there is no direction of what I need to achieve ; I fumbled from room to room repeatedly , then figured out I have to make my own checklist ; no map to jump quickly from one location to another ; I just gave up initially , but will try again later . Not thrilled with having to get a walkthrough from other sites just to play some of the games . I like to figure things out myself , not rely on a walkthrough .
 This is not a good first choice for a novice gamer nor is it a good first choice for a Nancy Drew computer game . The clues are so vague they are almost non-existant . Somethings can only be done at certain times and I would never have known anything without the `` cheats '' posted on the internet . Even the cheats are confusing . I am very sorry I wasted my funds on a game I am not able to play . No more Nancy Drew for me .
 I have downloaded many games from Amazon , and never had a problem - till now . I simply ca n't play this game . The cursor freezes for long monments , but even more irritating , the dialog seems to get stuck , like a broken record . The dialog repeats itself over and over . I have n't been able to get past the intro . Has anyone else had this problem with it ? I even tried uninstalling and re-downloading the game . No Dice . I do n't have a really super gaming machine , but I do have Win 7 with 4GB ram and everything else runs great on it . So sad , I really wanted to try this game .
 # 11 Curse of Blackmoor Manor initially looked to be quite interesting as far as my personal tastes are concerned . It has astronomy , Greek muses , fairy changelings , and a friendly pet parrot . Yet this is my least favorite game so far . I think my irritation stems from having an obvious villain -LRB- the graphics for the face just scream villain before you ever get to a mystery -RRB- , an unrealistic , annoyingly uncommunicative `` friend '' -LRB- Linda wants help but then will barely speak to you once you 're there to help her with the mystery -RRB- , issues with lighting in secret passages -LRB- I 'm not a fan of small beams of light -RRB- , moving rooms -LRB- poorly lit moving rooms just to amp up my irritation -RRB- , puzzles that require too much back and forth between the rooms and/or the cellphone/inventory screens , too many forced side `` games , '' and a mystery you ca n't actually take pro-active steps to solve -LRB- instead you are stuck in pointless puzzle land with things that have nothing to do with your actual case -RRB- . HER would be greatly served if it could come up with a way to more easily move between inventory/cellphone and the screen you 're looking at , rather than trapping the cursor in boxes so that you ca n't move between the two or move things to get a better view of the items you 're comparing . This is true of all the HER games I 've played thus far , but the set up of Blackmoor takes something that 's mildly irritating elsewhere and turns it into a frustrating feature that prolongs the game unnecessarily .
 This game would be great if they would leave out the stupid , mindless puzzles . I spent hours in a darkened maze , that I finally had to get on the internet and get the solution . And then I immediately get to another puzzle played against the computer , and I can not win , even though I had the solution . On another segment , I also had the solution and could n't get it to work for what seemed an eterntiy . It finally did , but geez.I used to play the King 's Quest games and they had some logic to them . On Nancy Drew you just go from one puzzle to another . Or you have to read pages and pages of junk , in case you need it later . Oh why ca n't someone invent some good adventure games . I played Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake and I liked it , but they had to give you hints in order to make it through BECAUSE THERE 'S NO LOGIC to the game whatsoever , and that 's because they would have to actually work instead of just making stupid , mindless puzzles.If I wanted a puzzle I could go buy one of those games.These games have such potential if they would limit their use of the puzzles .
 I played this game with my dad and my cousin , we thought it would be a lot of fun , but it turned out to be close to impossible for us , even my dad . Getting through the maze , even with cheats , was incredibly hard and you need to do it many times . It says ages 10 and up . but it should say ages 20 and up , the only way to beat the game is with the cheats . Some of the game you play with the little girl are fun , but some just drive you crazy , and require way too much knowledge of astrology and chemistry and rune reading . for younger kids I would recommend a game like Shadow ranch which was easier and less scary . My little cousin -LRB- age 8 -RRB- freaked out because it was so scary .
 i have played all of the nancy drew games before and was really looking foward to this one . but it turned out to be a big disapointment . it is NOT that scary , and it leaves too many unanswered questions after you solve the mystery . there is so many puzzles that you have to figure out that after awhile you forget what the purpose of the puzzle was . the manor could have had alot more rooms to explore , and you only got to talk to some of the characters a few times . hopefully the next game , the secret of the old clock , will be much better !
 Not only was this game really hard , but the download prevented me from actually beating the game . The game would n't let me pick up an item i needed to advance in the game , and when i started the game over , another object i needed was unselectable so i still could n't beat it . Do not buy this download ! You will waste money and be very sad ! I had to watch a walkthrough on youtube to find out what happened in the end . LAME !
 I 'm an avid adventure gamer . I had high hopes for this title , since it and other Nancy Drew games have such high reviews . Unfortunately , there are several problems that make the game basically unplayable.First , there 's the interface . When holding an item , you ca n't just right click to put it back in your inventory , or even click on your inventory with it . You have to open up the inventory , find an empty slot , and place it in manually . That gets old fast . What gets old even faster is having to move around the house by clicking on arrows that appear on the screen , instead of just clicking where you want to go . The movement interface is buggy , temperamental , slow , and poorly thought through -LRB- in some places , it takes a dozen clicks to navigate staircases that have no interactive content on them -- there 's no quick travel -RRB- . Then there 's the awful minigames . At several points during the game , you have to play minigames for essential content . I do n't mean the sorts of classic puzzles you normally see in adventure games -- I mean cheap rip-offs of Bejeweled and Go Fish . These are boring and repetitive , and on some , winning is a matter of complete chance , not skill . But the worst is a typing `` game '' that supposedly tests your typing skill , but actually the way to beat it is to hit as many random keys as you can as fast as you can . I type 90wpm in the real world , and could n't hit 30 on the `` game . '' One of the cardinal rules of adventure games is that you 're supposed to be able to solve them using only your wits . That 's why they 're so good for families and people with disabilities . Tests of manual dexterity that you have to beat to progress in the game are basically a big middle finger to fans of the genre -- if I wanted to play a dexterity game , I would have bought one.And if you can get past all of that and still enjoy the game , there 's the matter of the game-breaking bugs . Glitches can break the game so badly that you literally have to start over completely from the beginning -LRB- and no , you ca n't skip the cut scenes , which were already too long the first time -RRB- . The beta testers must have been asleep at the keyboard.This game is basically an object lesson in things not to do when writing an adventure game
 Ok I played this game and it was OK in the beginning but as you progress through the game it gets very boring and I admit the puzzles were kind of purplexing but not as hard as Her Interactive reported it being and it was also NOT as scary as Her Interactive said it would be either ... So my conclusion is that The Curse of Blackmoor Manor was a cheesy game , and you SHOULD think twice before purchasing this game from Amazon or anywhere else ... If you want a scary Nancy Drew Software Game than I reccomend either The Final Scene or The Message in the Haunted Mansion ...
 Bite me this is my review and my money that I am concerned with . This item was of no practical use at all .
 Hi Everyone , I am in the unfortunate position of having bought BOTH TurboTax and TaxCut , so I can give a first-hand comparison . Since I 'm limited to 1,000 words , I 'll give one example and my opinion
 TaxCut Business has many problems . I am suprised that it is even on the market . This product does not even deserve 1 star!The interview is not exhaustive . The user must have a fair amount of tax knowledge to adequately utilize the software . The interview does not suggest forms that should be used.The update process corrupted my data . A long session with tech support concluded with me re-entering the return.After this pain , for some reason , I decided to stick with it and download the state business product . After much work , the return would not print because the forms had not been approved by the state . When I asked customer service about this , they assured me that approved forms would be available in a few weeks . Well , as of this writing it is 3/9/04 . Business returns are due on 3/15/04 . Exactly how long should I wait for `` approved '' forms?All in all , the product is difficult to use . If you are not an advanced computer & software user , you will really feel some pain.I could go on , but read the other reviews , some good points are brought up.I 'm on the way to return the product for a refund .
 I selected this product because it was the only comprehensive business product I could download -LRB- why pay for and wait for shipping if you can avoid it ? -RRB- . I experienced many of the problems of the other reviewers , including : -- Gaps in the interview process that simply refer you to IRS instructions . -- Software refused to launch after installing state product , requiring a reinstall . Fortunately , I had already printed out a draft of my return , so I 'm just looking at having to do some data entry rather than start from scratch . -- State product for my state -LRB- NY -RRB- was worse than the free , fill-in version of the form available from the New York State website . Not only did it simply display the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance instructions instead of walking me through my return , but the `` updated '' form refused to print because , according to the software , it was n't approved by New York State.Fortunately , TaxCut offers a no-questions-asked refund , which I took them up on for the state business product . Because the refund is for a downloaded product , I did n't have to mail any disks back or fill out any forms to get my refund.I 'm sticking with TaxCut , bugs and all , for my federal return because it is less than half the price of TurboTax , and because I do n't want to pay for and wait for shipping of a product I have no way of knowing is any better.Here 's what I suggest for other intrepid souls who wish to use TaxCut to file their business returns : -- View the product for what it is
 I purchased this software based on reviews I read on Amazon where Turbo Tax was n't rated as highly on the day I was researching . In reading the reviews today , I am gratified to learn that my problems were common among other users.The problems I encountered were extreme difficulty installing the software and then not having updates available yet . When they finally were available , then I had trouble getting the updates to download and function properly . I had a problem getting assistance because the help people operate on East Coast time so they are n't available in the evenings when I 'm working on this . I can not believe that any product related to taxes would provide such limited hours of support . Long and short - after about 6 frustrating days , I gave up on TaxCut . I went to the IRS and my state website and downloaded extension forms as I had run out of time , patience , and sanity . For the aggravation I just experienced , I want to warn anyone else that this software is horrible . Since I had to do so much uninstalling and reinstalling , my computer is noticeably slower than before my Tax Cut experience . I hope that I did n't screw up my computer as they had me doing all kinds of things to it to try to get the software to download . They said the registry was not fully installing for some reason . Now I think maybe my computer was trying to tell me something - like `` please do n't load this garbage into my hard drive '' - STAY AWAY FROM TAX CUT HOME & BUSINESS !
 I have scarcely two weeks to file my corporate business taxes , yet Tax Cut serenely says
 Worst product ever . Difficult to navigate with vague and limited help library . After completing the form had to wait for an update that was predicted to come a month later before I could file ???? Like an idiot I waited and no update ??!! Took the Turbo Tax route and instant gratification with easy to use support and intruction . Never again Turbo Lax !
 I had been a faithful TurboTax user since 1996 , but this year decided to give TaxCut a chance as I do not like the way Intuit does business , and was hoping for a better option . Unfortunately , I will have to go back to TurboTax next year as TaxCut is very substandard.I have a moderately complex tax return -LRB- including a Schedule C business -RRB- and have a fairly firm understanding of the tax codes that pertain to me , which was a good thing , as the interview is NOT complete in several important areas , and presumes that you know how some specifics apply to you . This was especially true in business deductions , and the dreadful Schedule D interrogation . I had one issue on a broker statement that was never addressed in the interview , nor was any help available on how the program wanted it entered -LRB- it was a ` cash in lieu ' transaction -RRB- . I checked the help pages and indexes , but it had no idea . I finally had to essentially do my Schedule D by hand and make sure the numbers were correct , as the only way to enter it was as a dividend -LRB- which it technically was not . -RRB- I have never had problems like this with TurboTax . I am grateful that I had no foreign taxes paid this year ; I do n't think I would have had the patience for that.Another problem I had was with the entries for the form 8606 -LRB- ` Nondeductible IRAs ' -RRB- which could n't figure my basis from my 2002 return plus my 2003 contributions . The verbiage used to ask the questions in the IRA interview BEGS you to make an error in entering the basis . When I used the ` show form ' function , unlike TurboTax , it will not show the IRS form , it shows the IRS form plus a lot of TaxCut worksheet entries intermingled with the real form which is extremely annoying , when all you really want to do is look at the real form to see what the program is doing for certain entries.The interface itself is laughable . It takes up about the middle half of my monitor , and there is no way to maximize it . Why on earth TaxCut would ignore huge bands of space on the sides of the presentation and make the font small and hard to decipher in a central window is a mystery to me . Beware of the interview . If you have anything other than an extremely simple return , it is inadequate , and you will need help -LRB- I recommend the J. K. Lasser `` Your Income Tax 2004 '' book -RRB- figuring out how to enter some data.My overall biggest complaint , though , without doubt , was the error check at the end of the program . After I finished entering my data , it said I had nine errors that had to be corrected , and ten warnings , that I should examine . In all cases the ` errors ' were due to things TaxCut did not do correctly . For instance , it imported my 2002 TurboTax results and saw I filed Schedule C-EZ , but this year I needed a regular Schedule C. TaxCut was not smart enough to delete the C-EZ , and in fact came up with a paragraph long explanation of where I needed to look for entries pertinent to the C-EZ and manually delete them or change them to refer to the new Schedule C , and only then could I delete the Schedule C-EZ -LRB- which was , at any rate , empty . -RRB- The other ` errors ' were because TaxCut does n't grasp what 401K contributions do to your W-2 . I wrestled with fixing these errors for about two days . Ugh.I ca n't recommend this product . I gave it two stars only for the simple reason that after all was said and done , it did compute the taxes correctly , and the state taxes were actually a snap.Save yourself a headache , buy TurboTax instead . I do n't like Intuit either , but I like staying sane more than I dislike Intuit . Never again will I use TaxCut .
 Do not buy this item from Midway because they are ripping you off . Adobe 's price for the Mac version 4.0 is $ 80 and the upgrade price is $ 60 . I gave this item a 1 star because of the Midway price . The actualproduct is a 5 star.Check out prices before you buy . C Jones
 I 've been running ScanSofts product for a year because I think Adobe PDF creator is overpriced . ScanSoft launches slow , converts poorly , and has the worst tech support in the universe.With any luck , the new Office 2007 features will help me eliminate this program from my desktop .
 IT WILL ASSIGN A NUMBER TO EACH PAGE WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT . SO STUPID THAT A SIMPLE PREFERENCE RUINS THIS ENTIRE PROGRAM .
 This software definitely does convert documents to PDF format , but it does so at a high cost . In my experience it is no better than the freeware PDF995 program that does the same thing . The ScanSoft product also added unwanted `` features '' to my Word and Excel toolbars , in the case of Excel disrupting my carefully-crafted previous customizations . Simple tech support by email costs $ 9.95 per incident , and in my experience is of lower quality than the typical free tech support provided with other software .
 I purchased , activated and registered this software and now it FREEZES MY SYSTEM every time I try to use it unless I let the son of a _____ phone home to momma on the web . This BALL AND CHAIN software licensing stinks and should be brought to a halt by refusal to purchase !
 I never did use this . It was way too buggy . I have found that to be true of every Nuance product I have purchased . They seem to buy okay programs/companies and then milk them year after year with poorly tested updates until they finally become unusable .
 Needed to convert a PDF file today . Created an account to order the downloadable version thinking I 'd get it right away . Paid via PayPal . Received confirmation e-mail but no download link . Checked status ... `` under review '' . Check PayPal . . Nuance grabbed the cash already . Checked status ... `` under review '' . Tried to send e-mail asking how long review would take ... need to create a separate account just to contact them . Decide to call instead . They say PayPal takes a couple of days to process . I say `` You took the money out of my account already '' . I say `` cancel the order '' . They say `` Ca n't do that . . it is under review '' . They suck . Google Nuance Communications and see the lawsuits and crooked behavior in the past . This is my last dealing with Nuance Communications . I have NO idea what the product is like since they seem to be unable to provide modern online transactions . What do they have ? An e-mail box that someone opens up once a day to manually process the orders ?
 Do n't even think about buying this software . It 's a waste of money and time . My copy did n't even install . It threw up an `` AddPrinterDriver '' error . My machine is a standard Windows XP SP2 machine - nothing special . Just pony up the few extra dollars and buy the Adobe product . You 'll be much happier . Now I have a $ 90 software package taking up space in my trash can .
 It worked horribly , if it worked at all . The main purpose I bought this is to convert pdf document into MS Word . The word file is barely useable - the formating is messed up , the font is changed , etc. . If you want to generate pdf from word , it does not work well either . Some figures are completely messed up . ScanSoft software is a big joke for any serious use . It is not even worth $ 10 .
 Version 2 of this product was highly overrated in my opinion , with PDF-to-Word conversions fair at best . Format preservation is usually mediocre and requires significant post-conversion editing . Upgrade rebate/cost is an insult to users who were , and will be , ScanSoft 's beta-testers . Supplied macros often cause Microsoft Office applications to load slowly and/or crash . Updates and needed fixes to Version 2 rarely materialized during its life-cycle .
 Where 's the upgrade rebate for the loyal customers that bought the prior version , which is not as good as the claims ? Oh , but this is the company that charges you money to tell them of a flaw in their own program . Incredible how poor these clowns run this company .
 I ignored the negative reviews and ratings because I needed something the was a low cost solution . I should have thrown the money away . This is junk !
 The advertising hype about this software sounds great . The truth is far less . Trying to convert PDF to Adobe there were so many errors , I could have typed it from scratch faster ! Plus once it installs and takes over as your main PDF reader , WATCH OUT ! Many pages wo n't load at all , others load much slower than with Adobe . Some just come up blank.Deal around this waste of money and time !
 I get a Runtime Error from the MS C++ Runtime Library . At first it was on some files , now it happens on virtually EVERY file . I may have to get my money back from the credit card company .
 This product is simply not worth it . I had version 2.0 and then thought , `` oh great , they 've fixed the poor conversion issues . '' Well think again . Version 3.0 is really nothing different from the prior version . If a document does not come through correctly , Scansoft simply gives you the statement that it was an `` irregular '' PDF file or some statement like that . Conversion is what I purchased the program for . I have had better luck cutting the document into word and then doing some editing from there.This product is dismal . It sure as heck is not worth what it is selling for . To its credit it does convert some documents decently , but those are in the minority . Back to the drawing board for Scansoft . I am done . By the time I waste all this money I could have spent a little more and purchased Adobe to begin with .
 The product is fine when it works , but after a while it crashed my system . I tried to get support from the company - they wanted to charge me $ 10 ???? I paid , but it left me with a bad feeling . I would probably look for an alternative if I did not already own this .
 BEWARE - NO TRIAL VERSION ! I should never have bought itI read the reviews here and thought this would be good to use for PDF . It is SO SLOW when I even open a PDF , let alone try and do anything with it.Question
 This product crashed my PC on install and then I tried to get support from Scansoft/Nuance . I have left 5 messages on an answering machine in the last two weeks without a single reply . I have sent emails , numerous emails ! And then finally ... . I get a reply and they ask me to pay another $ 10 for the most basic support!Beware !
 My kids love Nancy Drew PC games but this one will not download on newer computers . Our computer is a few years old and I sent the first game back thinking something was wrong with the disc . The new one I received will not download either . Very disappointed the kids ca n't play it .
 I played `` Secrets Can Kill '' and really enjoyed it . The clues in `` Stay Tuned for Danger '' seem mostly irrelevant and then the game ceases to progress as the other game did . I 've tried to reach the company for support but they 're not very responsive . I find it difficult to believe that a 10-year-old would succeed with this game without substantial adult support .
 It would have been nice if the seller stated that the game wouldnt play on any new systems . I have Windows Vista and apparently the game is too old for it . All other Nancy Drews I have purchased work fine . I had to toss the game away .
 While I did find STFD fun , it was quite freaky at times . I found a hidden message in a script , and I felt a chill come up my spine . Her Interactive really messed up the original Nancy Drew series by coming up with these computer games .
 This is the worst game in the history of Nancy drew games . The game total took me and my mom 4 hours . We finished it in 2 days . What we do is we play at night . The only fun part was the lame arcade games and they were n't even hard . We used the lovely 2nd chance button once and that was when we fell off of the stupid horse . Save your money ! Instead buy The Secret on Shadow Ranch . Now that 's a good game !
 My wife and I are both college graduates and enjoyed playing the later games in the Nancy Drew Series -LRB- Mansion and Final Scene -RRB- very much , however this game fell real short of our expectations . For starters the interface is clumsy and does not allow the player to see or interact with critical items unless they are approached from a certain angle . Often the player will find him or herself relying more on repetitive clicking of certain areas , than using the deductive reasoning involved in solving the later games in the series . At times , the game seems more like a `` whereisit ? '' than a `` whodunnit ? '' . The game is too linear at times , in that you must do certain things that do not seem crucial to the plot in order to proceed to other events , yet at times the game lets you proceed onto other events unprepared , setting the player up for great dissapointment -LRB- tip
 Stay Tuned for Danger is the follow-up Nancy Drew game to the award-winning Secrets Can Kill . While Stay Tuned for Danger still leaves quite a lot to be desired , it definitely shows improvement in the overall quality of the Nancy Drew games . This is a step in the right direction.This game takes place shortly after Secrets Can Kill . Famous soap opera star of `` Light of Our Love '' fame , Mattie Jensen , has caught ear of how Nancy solved her last case . Mattie calls Nancy 's Aunt Eloise -LRB- who 's ironically a friend of hers -RRB- to request that Nancy fly up to her apartment in New York City to solve a brand new case . Mattie 's co-star , Rick Arlen , has been receiving death threats . Nobody knows who they 're coming from , and despite the treats becoming more serious , Rick refuses to go to the police . It 's now up to Nancy to go undercover as an extra on the set to find a would-be killer ... The plot is solid , and despite the age of this game , it remains one of the greatest plots I 've ever seen in a Nancy Drew game . It has a very mature , dark , and frightening atmosphere . Even though this game does n't deal with curses or ghostly haunts , the threats that Rick -LRB- and later , Nancy -RRB- receives from the culprit become very life-threatening and haunting in and of themselves.The quality of the game leaves a lot to be desired , but it 's a big step up from Secrets Can Kill . Thankfully there is no longer any need to switch between discs . The controls still lack user friendliness , but they have improved slightly -LRB- now there is no longer need to scroll up and down through the environment as well as left to right -RRB- . There are also more puzzles , some of them holding on to the quality level that the modern games have.Sadly , it 's very easy to run into glitches and have to start the game over . It 's easy to miss important items that Nancy must pick up to solve the case , and therefore requires the player to start the game over again or wait a long period of time doing nothing until finally being able to get where Nancy needs to be to pick up the item . This is my biggest complaint about the game , as this makes it very frustrating for the player if he/she runs into these setbacks.The graphics are still weak , but they 've improved significantly . The characters are now 3D like the environments . They look more like Barbie dolls than actual people , but it 's much better than having them look like 2D cartoons . The environmental graphics are of mostly the same quality as the first game , but that is n't a very bad thing -LRB- especially considering the age of this game -RRB- . The characters in this game probably rank among the best casts in a Nancy Drew game yet . There are SO many characters in the game -LRB- six suspects , with eleven characters playing a part of the story -RRB- . The suspects include Mattie Jensen , who might be using Nancy to throw suspicion off of herself , Rick Arlen , who might be behind the threats to gain publicity , Dwayne Powers , Mattie 's agent -LRB- formerly Rick 's too -RRB- who is jealous of Rick 's success , Millie Strathorn , the eccentric old lady who owns the WWB Network -LRB- the studio where `` Light of Our Love '' is recorded -RRB- and has a hard time differentiating truth from reality , Bill Pappas , the unseen producer of the show , and Lillian Weiss , the angry and bitter director of `` Light of Our Love '' . There are also two characters who play roles in the story , but are n't interactive `` suspects '' . These include Ralph Guardino , who is the security guard of WWB but can never really be questioned as a suspect , and Owen Spayder , an unseen stagehand who seems to have a larger role in the story later on . Nancy 's best friends Bess Marvin and George Fayne and her boyfriend Ned Nickerson can still be called for help like in the first game , but they 're also able to be conversed with about her case and even provide insight into the case itself.The music in the game is also well done . I prefer the Secrets Can Kill soundtrack , but the soundtrack heard in this game is also very enjoyable . It held on to the perfect `` New York City '' feel while leaving off an atmosphere of mystery . The music heard while sneaking into the studio at night made the place all the more eerie , while the music heard while exploring Mattie 's apartment during the day was rather upbeat . I 'd say that the soundtrack was perfect.While Stay Tuned for Danger remains a bit of a sub-par game , it 's a drastic improvement compared to its predecessor . If you 've played this and are considering giving up of the Nancy Drew games , please do n't do so yet . Starting with Message in a Haunted Mansion , the Nancy Drew games really do get better from here on out , and Stay Tuned for Danger does tell an awesome story that 's worth experiencing . I 'm hoping that a re-release of this game is issued -LRB- like the one they did with Secrets Can Kill , but staying more true to the original this time -RRB- , because it could use some improvements and the original is n't compatible with computers more advanced than Windows XP . Those who started playing the Nancy Drew games later on deserve to experience the first two games , and the first two games also deserve better quality . So , here 's to hoping for Stay Tuned for Danger Remastered !
 I was really disappointed with this Nancy Drew game . I have several others and just love them even though I 'm a `` grown-up mother of four '' ! I 'm usually so hooked I have to force myself away from the computer . This one was very boring , to me . I wondered if it was an older game and I have become used to the newer releases . I missed the large number of puzzles in some of the other games and the tasks and challenges of other titles like Secret of the Scarlet Hand and Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake . I felt there just was n't as much to do ... maybe I did n't like having to think it through so much ; do n't know . There also seemed to be a lot of things that were n't essential to the game that really just threw me off . I do n't think this is one of the better ND games , but everyone 's different ! Looks like a lot of other buyers enjoyed it .
 This is an okay game , but I do have some complaints . The graphics are good , but when you enter a room to talk to someone -LRB- for instance , if you want to talk to Rick Arlen , you 'll have to wait for a few seconds because he will ` comb ' his hair , and then notice you . This also happens for when you would like to talk to Mattie Jensen . -RRB- Also , when you want to zoom around , you back up instead , and you can only turn at a specific angle . And although I finished this game -LRB- with nights of frustration -RRB- , I had to go to the herinteractive.com website for hints from other people who have already finished this game before me . And when you have to find something , you can only get it when you click at a certain angle , and most of the times you must click repeatedly . Bess , George , and Ned are a bit of a nuinsance , they give you hints to do things that you have already done.And so , as a conclusion , I give Stay Tuned for Danger a C - . -LRB- If you are starting on the Nancy Drew games , I reccomend getting one of the later games in the series , such as The Final Scene . -RRB-
 This game was supossed to be fun and enjoyable , but for some reason when I bought a new game the sent me an old beat up scratched box . Then when we tried to install it it couldnt find a `` pathway '' to the computar theres 14.00 you 'll never get back . Its only for the old computars and it wont even work on a new xps 400 -LSB- and thats not even new -RSB- .
 I was extremely disappointed with this game . First of all , it did n't take very much time at all to play . The package claims that the program has 20 + hours of game play but I finished it in about six hours . The ending of it was pathetic . It was way too easy to catch the bad guy . I also thought that the graphics were n't very good at all . And the program has two cds and you have to keep switching back and forth between the two and I found that to be really annoying . I 'd only recommend this game to the die hard fans who have to own everything with Nancy Drew 's name on it .
 This was not my favorite . It was almost to easy and you kept having to change disks . That made it a pain to play .
 Could never load it on any of my computers even though we have windows xp !
 i really love all the other nancy drew game but this one is really bad . theres two cds which you constantly have to change throughout the entire game as you go from place to place . The graphics are awful . I have a really good computer and it was still freezing it so i had to start over . all the sluething i did during the game did n't really matter by the time i caught.i would really recommend you choose some other nd game besides this one becuase this ones just a dud
 this game is definently a waste of your time ! i 've played it and it is such a pain to keep changing the disks !! i had to changethe disks at least 100 times and i 'm dead serious ! the graphics are really bad too ! the people are cartoon while the objects around them are not ! I would only recomend this game to anyone who needs to kill time or waste it because i sure did !!!!!
 If you have played the newer versions of Nancy Drew games , you will be very disappointed with the graphics . The people look like cartoons . The graphics are not rendered in 3D like the rest of the Nancy Drew games.The plot is good , but the graphics do n't compare with the rest .
 This game is not very good . There are n't enough places you can go and i hate how you have to change disks every time you have to go somewhere . Also the people are cartoons but the background is 3-D . I would n't recommend this game to anyone .
 there are a few reasons why this is not a very good game . Its annoying to have to switich between 2 discs when you go into some areas . Bad graphics - the people look like drawings ! i have played almost every game and this one i would say is the worst . I think her interactive could have done better .
 This game stinks especially compared to the other newer games . I have played all the other nancy drew games and this is the worst one . When you want to go somewhere else , half the time you have to change disks which is really annoying . This game is about six years old , but still I do n't understand why it kept freezing up . The characters are 2D which looks really wierd against the 3D surroundings . Do not get this game .
 ... First of all , I noticed there were two CD 's , which got to be extremely annoying when I was playing the game . The characters were to cartoon like , they did n't have a lot of dialog , and they were . . well ... quite boring to be honest with you . There was n't enough puzzles and clues either , making the game lack in excitement and mystery . The game was really short , and I really did n't like the ending . All in all , I really would n't recommend this game to anyone unless you like staring at your computer screen and clicking aimlessly on stuff and solving a boring mystery in just a couple of hours . But I would definetly recommend Nancy Drew
 For being a game published in 2001 , this should have been much better , at least technically , than it was . There was a poor timing match between the visual effects and the sound effects , it was difficult to find where to place the pointer in the save/restore area , the sounds/music were poorly recorded and generated a lot of hissing/static , and the too-frequent need to switch CDs during play were major minuses in a game that could have been ok . When Nancy has conversations with the characters , if the questions asked/answered are n't done in the proper order , the game does n't progress and you either have to start over or restore a saved game . Also , saving is critical because there are some actions Nancy can take that will result in disaster , necessitating a restore.The story was n't bad , even for an adult -LRB- very similar to the novels -RRB- but the technical flaws made this a exercise in frustration .
 This is the first Nancy Drew computer game that Her Interactive made . You can tell when you play it ... . it has a very 90s feel to it and it is not nearly as advanced with as many places to go and cool games and puzzles as the other later games . Also , one of the more annoying things is that you have to switch during the game from CD 1 to CD 2 and back again many times . The characters are not that well animated , and I found the ending to be disappointing.Overall , if you want to say you 've played all of the ND games , then go ahead and get it ! Or if you just want the experience . Otherwise , if you want a more fun and cooler game , play the later ones . I 'd especially recommend all of them after and including game 3 , Message in a Haunted Mansion . That is a good game to start with if you are new to Nancy Drew games . If you 're looking for a scary game , go with game 11 , Curse of Blackmoor Manor , but not for anybody under 10 years old I 'd say.Just one last thing -- these games are very good to work on with your friends , siblings , etc. . Sometimes you are stumped and it 's always better to have two or three people with ideas than just one . Happy gaming !
 Buyer beware
 First of all , I would like to point out that the editorial review above is not for Secrets Can Kill . It is for one of the other games in the series , and is therefore a better review than Secrets Can Kill deserves . It may be confusing to see the editorial review for the Tower mystery right under the title for Secrets Can Kill.I love the Nancy Drew series , and I am a college-educated woman in my thirties . I have played four out of the first five games in the series -LRB- I have not played Stay Tuned for Danger -RRB- . The other games have wonderful graphics and storylines . Talking to the other characters is enjoyable , and the puzzles are challenging enough for an adult when played on the senior detective level . I played Secrets Can Kill on the Master level -LRB- there are three levels for this game instead of two -RRB- , and I found that my nine-year-old son was not challenged by the puzzles . Most of the puzzles are easily solved word puzzles that have clues as to the items to gather or hints about the character 's secrets . However , most of the puzzles have nothing to do with the game play itself . There is one slide puzzle that allows you to find an inventory item ; otherwise , the puzzles are just there for hints . As mentioned in other reviews , this game has cartoon-like characters rather than the 3D-type characters in the other games , and it really does make the game less interesting . The dialogue is uninteresting and the characters become hostile and barely speak to Nancy through most of the game . Overall , the game requires only a few answered puzzles to solve the mystery , and the ending is disappointing , to say the least . I gave this two stars instead of one , which was my first inclination , because I feel that it might be interesting for a child to play , especially if the child has not had very much experience with adventure games for the computer ; however , a child would probably still at least want to play on the senior detective level . I recommend the other Nancy Drew games that I have played to players of any age for a nice , relaxing mystery , and I especially recommend the Haunted Mansion game . I can not , however , recommend Secrets Can Kill .
 I did not like this game at all . It is buggy and the Save and Load area is slow and does not work very well . I also dislike the switching back and forth between DISC 1 and 2 . Save your money , this game not worth the money . Buy something else .
 i have played and beaten all the nancy drews and this was my LEST favorit ones.the graphics were cartoons and you dont even get to meet the bad guy.do not ever play this game !!!!!!
 This game -LSB- is bad -RSB- . Period . I would rate it negative 500000 if I could . I mean , you can buy a LOAD of Nancy Drew games and love em all and trash this one . But the teachers lounge IS kind of cool ... . Wish you could e-mail me but I ca n't give you that vital info . Too bad if you are a challenger seeking a debate .
 Although the gaming industry has long needed girl games , there is no excuse for putting out a game like this in 1998 . Sierra was putting out better games 15 years earlier . The puzzles are too difficult . The interface is terrible . Their more recent games are much better , but I 'm still a little bothered by the fact that they do n't seem to have any of the old gamers on staff that could tell them how to correctly balance a game .
 I really did n't like this game at ALL ! The mystery about somone dead was good and all , and I know it 's Herinteractive 's first game , but come on ! Cartoon characters ?! Plus , it was easy and short , and not hard at all . If I were you , I would NOT buy this at all , NAH-AH ! I hope this review helped ! = -RRB-
 `` Secrets Can Kill '' , the first game in the award-winning Nancy Drew mystery series , is a defining game in the history of adventure gaming . However , now that a re-release has been created , I would say that obtaining a copy of the original would only be desirable for those who 'd be interested in seeing how the series began.In this game , Nancy travels to the fictional town of Paseo Del Mar , Florida for a vacation to visit her Aunt Eloise . While she 's there , a student is murdered at the local high school , where Nancy 's aunt works as the librarian . Nancy 's aunt immediately introduces her to the principal of Paseo Del Mar High School , and they ask Nancy to go undercover as a new student to track down the killer.The plot of the story is very mature , and very engrossing . While playing the game , I felt like I was truly solving an actual murder mystery full of danger and intrigue . I personally found this game even scarier than most of the more recent cases , because everything in the plot was so realistic . I could definitely see something similar to this story happening in real life.The gaming quality is unpleasant at best and very poor at worst . The game ships on two discs that must be switched between while playing in order to progress through the game . The graphics are very poor , with 3D potatoes looking more like tiny loaves of bread and characters that are 2D cartoons over 3D backgrounds . However , one must take into account that this game was released in 1998 . Once the date is thrown into consideration , this is slightly forgivable.The controls are n't very user friendly , either . It 's hard to move Nancy around her environment , and the hotspots are sometimes very poorly placed . At times , I had to back away from an entire area just to approach something I saw from a specific angle . Otherwise , I would miss a potential clue . The controls in the next game are barely more user friendly , but thankfully by the third game things start getting better from then on out.The amount of puzzles in the game is pretty disappointing . While the later games are filled with puzzles and character interaction , this game only has 2 `` real '' puzzles -LRB- one being a slider puzzle , the other being a puzzle in which levers must be pulled in the correct order -RRB- . While I do n't like having an overwhelming amount of puzzles in Nancy Drew games -LRB- like Ransom of the Seven Ships is guilty of -RRB- , I do still like having a moderate amount of them.Character interaction in this game was relatively good , though . The characters were a very quirky bunch , and even though they were n't animated well , I rather liked them . Their personalities were all very distinct , and each of them had a huge secret to hide -LRB- regardless of whether or not they were the guilty party -RRB- . There are four suspects who 're interactive throughout the entire game
 It 's an interesting story , and it 's a challenge , but the constant swapping of the disks towards the end of the game really ruins the mood ...
 If you 're going to get an ND -LRB- Nancy Drew -RRB- game at all , do n't get this one , at least not until you 're done with all the other ones . Because this is the first one out of the entire Nancy Drew game series , it has terrible graphics . The people are 2D and look like they were cut out of a cartoon . It 's even worse when the environment is 3D ! Plus , you have to keep on switching between 2 disks ! It 's very tiring and annoying . If you have a fast computer , the likeliness of it is that it 'll freeze a lot . That 's what happened on my computer and it 's fast , but when my friend played it -LRB- who has a slow computer -RRB- , it only froze ONCE . But on the plus side , the whole concept of taking Nancy Drew books and turning them into interactive mystery games for children is brilliant . It 's absolutely fun and educating but not to the point that it 's boring . I do n't suggest THIS specific mystery game , but I do suggest you start playing Nancy Drew games because all of them are fun except this one .
 I BOUGHT SECRETS CAN KILL AND WAS VERY EXCITED!I LOADED IT ON TO MY COMPUTER , AND I WAS VERY DISAPOINTED!I HAD DIFFICULTY TRYING TO GET NANCY TO TALK!I HAD TO CLICK THE WORD I WANTED SEVERAL TIMES BEFORE I ACTUALLY GOT HER TO TALK!THERE WERE SEVERAL OTHER PROBLEMS LIKE I COULD N'T GET TO THE SCHOOL , AND THE CHARACTERS TALKED VERY SLOW!EVERY OTHER NANCY DREW GAME IS GOOD!BUT DO N'T WASTE YOUIR MONEY BUYING SECRETS CAN KILL !
 I absolutely DO NOT recommend this game . First of all , it was way too easy . I finished it in about 4 hours and since it is really no fun after you 've played it once , I felt that the game was a total waste of money . Secondly , the game contains two discs and you have to keep switching back and forth between them which is positively annoying . Third , the graphics look way too cartoonish . I would n't really mind the cartoonish graphics if everything else about the game was cool , but it 's not . I would not recommend paying money for this game unless you 've played all the other games and are just desperate for another .
 I read Nancy Drew religiously in my early teenage years so I was really anxious to try these games when I heard of them . I really wished I had skipped this though . It was terrible . The graphics are too cartoonish . The characters are flat and one dimensional . It does n't take very long at all to play . I finished it in a fraction of the 20 hours that the package promises . And the thing I disliked most about it was all of the coded messages . It has a lot of messages hidden around but they do not advance you in the game and do nothing more than give away each of the characters secrets . The messages just kill any suspense in the game . Oh and the game also has two discs and you have to go keep going from one disc to the other throughout the game . It 's not too much of an inconvience , but this game just is n't worth it . I do n't recommend this game unless you just have to own all of them .
 Cardiris 's software has problem exporting all information to Outlook , contrary to what they advertise . Their technical support is very slow in responding -LRB- they would not pick up the phone , and would not respond to your message sometimes for days -RRB- , incompetent -LRB- constantly answering the wrong questions -RRB- , and eventually they blame Outlook for the imcompatibility . If you buy their product not directly from their website , they will not refund you although the problem arises from their own false advertisement and their slowness in admitting it so you pass the period so that you can not return their product to the vendor that you purchased from . Be prepared for a long technical troubleshooting battle with them , and be aware that you may not get your money back even after they admit that their software can not do what they claim .
 I had no problems with installation or errors when scanning.The results of the scans were very poor . Its supposed to take the information scanned from the card and fill out corresponding fields , it accomplished this with something like 10 % accuracy . That makes it easier to use a different program to manage the information and type it in yourself .
 The Mac version of this software is lacking many of the features available in the Windows version -LRB- I had to call Technical Support just to get a serial number to use the software ! -RRB- . Apparently you ca n't create a database in the Mac version , at least not as described in the manual , which is written for Windows users . This means that you * must * export the info you scan into another program because when you quit CardIris , everything you 've done disappears . I have n't yet figured out how to save the card image , which seems to be connected to the database creation issue . While that is n't critical , it is annoying . The program also crashes frequently and/or gives ambiguous error messages . The scanning accuracy is around 90 % , but scanning multiple cards on a flatbed scanner does n't work -- another Windows-only feature apparently . Bottom line
 I received a free copy of this software with my Fujitsu ScanSnap -LRB- a great product , BTW -RRB- . The Cardiris software would n't activate . After 10 + emails and webform posts , no response . Some months later I purchased a business card reader and ... you guessed it ... another copy of Iris ' software that , yup , did n't work.I am a very skilled computer user , and have interacted with numerous customer service departments over the past 30 years . Most are not very helpful , but these guys are the WORST . They appear to have absolute contempt for anyone stupid enough to have purchased , or otherwise gotten stuck with , any of their software products.My advice
 1 . CardIRIS 3 is error prone2 . It lacks the ability to Scan a two sided card .3 . The OCR is really poor .4 . It 's ability to determine fields is sorry , you might find the address in the Company Name Field or the Company Name in the Contact Name Field , etc. 5 . I have not figured out how to add Fields such as additional Phone NumbersThe only advantage CardIRIS 3 has over my CARDSCAN 6.0.6 is CardIRIS is in Color .
 Why continue selling a product that is n't compatible with Windows XP Professional ? None of the movies would play with the most recent version of Quicktime and the application crashes frequently . Not recommended .
 I 'm 14 and I tried this program . It dose not do what the box said it did . All it does is give you quizes . There is no interactive anything . Most of the questions are dumb . Like one of the answers -LRB- there multipul choice -RRB- was , A.Do such and such for variebels . B.Vegatabels C.The heck of it . That thing is so dumb.Sara
 This was suppose to teach my child algebraForget it it is too confusing and really as my 13 year old said dorky . I wasted my money do not do the same .
 This software is a bit `` kiddish . '' You have a limited number of editing options to choose from . If you are a true professional or semi-professional photographer , I would not purchase this software . I tend to be on the frugal side so I guess I got what I paid for .
 This program DESTROYED my computer . It is a destructive program that wipes out your hard drive completely . My computer died and ended up in the shop .
 This product did not work for me . It was a waste of time and money . The box promised ease of use for any system . Well , it did n't work on my windows 98 system no matter what I tried . After several unsuccessfull attempts booting to the WipeDrive CD -LRB- and floppy you can create from the CD -RRB- , I tried booting up to WipeDrive AFTER reformatting my hard drive . Still no success . All I got every time was beeping and flashing gibberish on the screen for over 30 minutes each attempt .
 I used Wipedrive recently to clean out the hard drive of a computer I was selling . I chose the full wipe option and everything went well till I tried to reinstall the OS . I had the original reinstallation disc from Dell but I kept getting a blue screen of death ; Windows could not find the hard drive and so could not install itself . I tried a number of options to get things to work , but no love . I even hooked up the hard drive to my new computer -LRB- which I built myself -RRB- , but still could n't find the drive in the drive manager . I finally checked the White Canyon website forums and discovered that the program actually disables drives entirely , locking them and in effect making them invisible to all computers . Using the info on the White Canyon 's website I was able to unlock and disable the security system - after I spent 4 hours screwing with this.If Wipedrive had specifically mentioned this `` feature '' in their packaging I would not be nearly as annoyed . There 's NO reason to not tell purchasers up-front about this . They just wasted four hours of my life .
 Ca n't say for sure if this program worked , because the old computer that I tried it on ceased functioning after I started the program . Well , it did destroy any information on the hard drive ... but a hammer would 've gotten the same end result .
 AFTER PURCHASING WIPEDRIVE SIX TO ERASE MY POWER PC CHIP MAC G5 , I NOTICED IT SPECIFIED FOR INTEL CHIP . I CONTACTED TECH SUPPORT AND WAS TOLD BY BEN CROUCH THAT IT WOULD WORK WITH POWERPC AND INTEL.SO I WENT AHEAD . IT DID NOT . LATER , BEN CROUCH CHANGED HIS STORY , SAYING THAT WIPEDRIVE SIX WOULD NOT WORK , AND THAT I NEEDED TO PURCHASE WIPEDRIVE FOR MAC.WHY NOT SAY THAT IN THE FIRST PLACE?VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE , TIME CONSUMING .
 I bought WipeDrive to completely remove data from a laptop that I intend to donate to a local charity . I did n't want anyone to be able to find personal and financial data that had been on the computer . I was able to download the program and when I had difficulties -LRB- the first attempt at creating a bootable disk failed -RRB- , White Canyon responded to my inquiries in a timely manner with the suggestion that I just discard that disk and try again . However , after successfully making a disk and using WipeDrive , my computer can not be re-booted . I have tried all remedies given on the White Canyon website knowledgebase and the repeated instructions from their techs . They eventually suggested that I contact Microsoft or Dell as they could not offer additional help . After much run around from all - I am paying a local computer company to fix the problem . I 'm sorry I did n't just start there !!
 I bought this software since I have ScrapbookFactory Deluxe v 2.0 . The new functionality looks great , too good to be true.From my previous experience with this software I should have known they would not improve on their software from crashing . But the concept is there but the execution of the software is not.This current version I can not even get it loaded on my computer without getting computer errors or even get it to load properly . Nova claims they support this product 100 % but that can not be true since I still can not get it to work . The customer service thought the problem was in a defective 3rd disc and sent me a new one . It still does not work and I still do not have it installed on my computer.There are other scrapbooking software they may not be able to do everything that this one does but at least you will have reliable software .
 1 . You ca n't use the newer version of this software -LRB- version 4 -RRB- if you 're on Windows 2000 - or - older .2 . You will experience endless grief if you hope to consolidate the four CD 's into one manageable DVD . The program is too inept to allow you to search for the next install file ; but it 's worse
 Bought it 3 days ago . Did a page and its beautiful . I had no technical difficulties . I was able to print a beautiful scrap page . I just wished it had more photo realistic accents because I like that look in my pages . I will address this to the manufacture and maybe in the updates that they do for free to the software online they will add more
 This program is ok , just ok , and even then , only if you have time to kill . After terribly long waits to do almost anything , you will have the nicest scrapbook pages that a three year old could produce . Amateurish to say the least . Having a lot of experience in scrapbooking has taught me that only an image editing program can truly do all the steps necessary to produce a good scrapbook page . The easiet and best of these programs is definitely Paint Shop Pro . Try to find version 9 , which was produced before the unfortunate takeover of Jasc software by Corel . You will be amzazed at what you can do with this program and how easy almost everything can be accomplished .
 I purchased this product very recently , in fact it was only a week ago . I saw this product and give it a try thinking it will be a lot easier to do a scrapbook with all the pre-made pages plus it says this can make a DVD PICTURE TV SLIDE SHOW . Scrapbooking is ok as long you 're fine to use regular 8-1/2 x 11 '' paper but if you intend to use the 12 x 12 , do n't buy this . Just imagine most of the regular printer sizes only prints 8-1/2 or legal size bond paper and NOT 12 x 12 '' . My biggest frustration is using the Picture TV Slide Show , it is easy to MAKE but NOT to BURN/TRANSFER IT to a CD/DVD . It requires another program , known as NERO , which is about 120 MB for a TRIAL VERSION ONLY -LRB- 30 days -RRB- . If your trial version expires , you will need to download it again otherwise , you will need to buy it . This program CAN NOT detect your own CD Writer program . Do n't waste your money , there might be a better product than this , I hope .
 I 've had this program for six months or more and it has a lot of good scrapbooking featues like the embellishments , text options , graphics , etc. . The major problem that I have with it is the speed of the program . Resizing photos and other graphics takes FOREVER ! I can click to resize a picture and wait and wait for it to actually resize . So I will usually go get the mail , go to the bathroom or make lunch while I wait for it to resize . After several minutes it finally gets to the size I wanted . If I want to move the picture or resize it further , it 's another really long wait . I could do three times the number of pages that I am currently able to do if the program could just keep up with me . I assure you too that it is n't because my computer is slow - it 's plenty fast to keep up - it 's certainly the program.The program also has some little quirks that I find annoying . I design professional documents , signs and newsletters for a living and some of the user-friendly options that I 'm used to are not included in this program . One of these quirks is that you 're not able to save more than 10 pages in one file . After you create 10 pages , you have to create a new document and start a continuation of your first file.I agree too with some of the others who have said that the program siezes or fails during normal use and saving . I 've lost several pages because of this and it 's very frustrating.I 've written the manufactures but they have n't responded to me.I do n't know what a better program would be , but I 'm looking . I would really like to find something that is interchangable with Publisher or Adobe , but no luck yet .
 I was so disappointed as to how the program works , -LRB- maybe partly because i have been using photoshop for editing pictures and scrapping -RRB- . Their templates are `` ok '' though some really look cheap . I bought the product hoping to be able to import my project back and forth with photoshop so i can do more but they made it so complicated that i think it is not worth doing anymore . I must say that for quick cards and scrapping this is the product to use but if you are looking for some professional scrapping software id still recommend using Photoshop . -LSB- I even sometimes think that their picture on the package was done with Photoshop too . ;-RRB- -RSB-
 I was given an inexpensive digital scrapbooking software program last year and found it was a nice quick way to get caught up on my scrapbooking . However the software was inexpensive and had many limitations so I decided to invest in a better program . I found this software had received the highest rating from a group reviewing multiple scrapbooking programs . I was sorely disappointed in the result . It is no better than my very inexpensive version . I was happy to see that there is a 90 day money back guarentee but so far I have not heard back from the manufacturers as to where I am to send the product for refunding.Within minutes of using the program , I was making a list of things that needed to be corrected or improved for any reasonable use . Things like :1 -RRB- It will not let you see the image/object you are resizing while resizing it . You just get a box outlining the object . This is n't very helpful if the object you are moving or resizing is anything other than square or rectangle . Ca n't line up a round rivit to a curved area when all I see is an outline of a square .2 -RRB- When you select multiple objects to space evenly over an area , it will rearrange the order they are in . This is annoying when trying to equally space graphics of letters across the top of your page to spell say `` Hello '' for instance and it will equally space the letters but now it reads `` eollH '' . It also rearranged photos that I had placed in a sequence .3 -RRB- It does not allow for the new standard of 8 '' x 8 '' paper .4 -RRB- I also ca n't seem to find a way to lay out a double page layout so that I see both pages at once .5 -RRB- Once you pick a text `` effect '' to see what it looks like , you can not remove it . You must start over .6 -RRB- No search capabilities to find objects/graphics by keywords .7 -RRB- Ca n't load multiple images onto a page at a time . Must select and load images one at a time .8 -RRB- I found it ran quite slowly .9 -RRB- If you add a border to an image and then want to delete the border , it also deletes your image as well .10 -RRB- Borders do n't fit tight to the image so background shows inbetween image and border .11 -RRB- Once you start the application , you ca n't exit it until you select a project and walk thru some basic selections first.I found these and actually a couple more minor complants after literally a couple of hours of playing with the software . I edited one premade template and attempted to lay out a page from scratch . I got so frustrated I gave up before completing it.I will say this program has phenominal art/graphic clipart items although they are often difficult to find the one you want since you cant use keywords to search for them.If you only want to use premade templates and just drop in your own pictures , this program would be pretty good . If you like to have creative control , I would look elsewhere .
 As a serious digital photographer , as well as someone who 's been scrapbooking -LRB- including digitally -RRB- for years , this program is horrendous . To make it simple : Pros :1 . Lots of backgrounds and embellishments to choose from2 . Pre-made pages that are easy to edit.Cons :1 . When using the `` Double-click to insert picture '' feature , it distorts any picture you import by changing the aspect ratio of the picture2 . This does n't have any sort of `` Theme '' feature . In order to make coordinating pages you have to page through their thousands of backgrounds to find a single one , just to start over again to make the next page .3 . Most of the backgrounds and page themes are very ameaturish . They look like something a child made in some elementary-level illustration program .4 . The program itself looks like it 's straight out of the early 90 's as far as user-interface and lack of intuitiveness . Software has come a long way since then and there are programs that are much easier to use .5 . It takes ages to complete a single page unless you use the pre-made pages and then import pictures , which , once again , distorts them.My advice
 This product says it works with Windows 2000 but it 's got problems . It requires your `` My Documents '' folder to be on your desktop . Well , mine is n't and we ca n't change that so I can not change the graphics and add pics . Tech support says there is no solution . So while you can load the program and open , etc. you ca n't change graphics or add pictures . It gives you an error message ; the fix that they give you in the FAQs does n't work in Win2000 but does work in XP . They obviously know there is a problem but have n't fixed it . Version 2.0 of this program had no problems of this sort , but before I could load this version I had to remove the older version . What a pain .
 I had a lot of problems with the new 3.0 version of Scrapbook factory Delux and frustration was high when I called Nova corp and they gave me a tech who walked through the program and with his help my scrapbooking is now FUN . They were very helpful but I still have problems with the bonus CD . I found out that the older version -LRB- 2.0 -RRB- bonus CD works fine with the newer version .
 I used this software to do a scrapbook for my mother for her birthday.First of all the software takes up a HUGE amount of space ! Like 1600MB . The program is so slow and I have a relatively new computer . After about 4 pages in one file it becomes impossible to work with and then crashes . I had two files - 6 pages - crash and the work was gone . All the work gone . The text editor will add typos and put in and take out spaces . Sometimes it works great other times you have to restart your computer . Once it added bright green lines where I had added all of the embellishments to the page - everything other than the background . I had to redo it . Piece of JUNK ! but what does print on a color laser - do n't try it with inkjet - looks great .
 I bought this program over the weekend . Within minutes of importing my digital photos , the program seized up . After restarting my computer and spending time producing a 2-page layout , it froze again . This time , when trying to recover the page , it was shown as `` corrupt '' and would not launch at all . I had to redo everything.While the program has many cool features and elements , I can not recommend it to anyone .
 My copy would not install . I emailed the publisher who refused to believe that there was a problem .
 Well , I have been using the HP Scrapbook Assistant which I love , but does n't have any photo editing capabilities . After reading some -LRB- non-Amazon -RRB- online reviews I decided to spring for this software . It is the slowest software I have ever seen and in the two pages I 've worked on , I have crashed it 3 times.All of the templates are 81/2 x 11 which makes no sense and there are no custom sizes available . The UI is very hokey and looks very old . It does n't do a bad job , but it does n't really do more than fair . I think they had a guarantee on the box ... I 'm going to go find it ... Update - by the way they refused to honor the 90 day satisfaction guarantee on the box so buyer beware !
 It 's slow to respond and does not do everything it 's advertised to do . When I called customer service to ask questions for help , I was hassled for my phone number , and when I refused to give my phone number , I was refused help . In utter frustration , I returned the item soon after . The only good point was that it offered decent graphics that mimicked scrapbooking pieces well . Too bad the software and service did n't match in quality .
 I got this program as a gift . It is very frustrating . It moves very slowly . I thought this might be the computer but other programs work fast . I have spent many frustrating months on this program not knowing there was something better out there . The program has so many problems -LRB- a lot them listed in another review -RRB- . My most irritating problem now is that I started my project using 12 x 12 pages and wanted to change the resolution to 300 dpi for printing . You ca n't do this without changing the layout on the page which means I have to use the lower dpi or redo all the pages . There is no option for setting the resolution of the page before you start - only when you print or save the file.I discovered Scrapbook Max and have been so relieved . Of course half of my project is in the Factory Deluxe program which I 'm going to have to redo . Scrapbook Max not only lets you call up a whole slew of pages at one time , you can drag a whole set of pictures over at one time and you can resize and move pictures quickly all while still seeing the picture . It also lets you change the dpi on each page and if you decide to change your page size , it will readjust everything for you so you do n't have to do the page over - a really big benefit.This scrapbook program does have some nice elements , papers , etc. but I just ca n't handle the frustration . I 've never seen another program move this slowly .
 This is a nice concept , but NOT user friendly . It has a lot of glitches and absolutely can not be used effectively on Windows 7 . I consider myself pretty computer savy and this is just not what I was hoping for . Spend the extra money in hopes that 4.0 shows improvement . If you simply want to replace your pictures with their template , this may work for you . FYI ... if you are using this as a way to create a profile with Lifetime Adoption , keep looking for another product .
 This software was rated the best out of a large group of digital scrapbook programs . I am very disappointed with it . First of all , my system resources ca n't handle moving the pictures so while I click and drag , the screen does n't keep up and I have no idea where the picture or item will end up . It 's not very precise this way . The website 's solution is to use my arrow keys . Ok , so maybe that 's a problem with my computer . Second , I ca n't select photos easily because it brings up images that are too small to see the detail . And that 's with the LARGE thumbnails . So in a photo of a group of 12 kids , I have to have the photo pre-selected . Not how I planned on putting together a scrapbook when I have thousands of photos to look through . Also , in researching the screen freeze issue I discovered that I can only have up to 10 pages in a scrapbook . Also not my part of my original plan . My advice would be to go to the designers website and look at the FAQ 's before buying . It helps you to see any issues before you buy . I 'm not sure what my next selection will be , but I do n't see me using this for my scrapbooks .
 Be careful with this program . My wife bought it , and I tried to install it for her on our PC . I made several attempts , and each time installation hung at a different stage of the installation procedure . When installation hung , I could not cancel or kill it , or even shut down the PC without pressing the Reset button -LRB- on Windows XP Pro -RRB- . I went to the support page of the web site , and found a FAQ item about incompatibility with Zone Alarm . If you 're not familiar with Zone Alarm , it is a personal firewall and security product that is very common among home users . According to Nova Development , the only way to get Scrapbook Factory Deluxe 3.0 to install is to permanently remove Zone Alarm . Besides being a serious security risk , this is an extreme measure to have to take . This seems to be perfectly OK with Nova Development . They offer no workaround other than removing Zone Alarm from the PC . Personally , this would be enough to give me pause about installing the product even if I did not use Zone Alarm . You have to wonder what the installer is trying to do that even the presence of dormant security software interferes with it .
 Buyers beware ! The Insert Graphics feature in V3 does not work . An error is generated every time . Nova is not supporting the product . After installing and testing on two different W2K system and getting the same results , Nova 's response was `` would you like to trade it in for a different Nova software package ? ''
 I baught this product for $ 6.00 at a outlet store . One with bright Orange stickers . + It is easy to use and will recored everything inside a little box you highlight . It has a very easy setup , and very nice help bar . Will record nice little clips with or without sound , which is great for home made AMVs . - It only recoreds up to 2GB of footage . Which i thought was a lot but when looking at a regular Divx movie , it was only like a three-four min segments . The recorder did not tell me that my 2GB were running out , it just let me record . And then it would show me later that it was not going to work . All in all a short 18 min movie was broken up into 8 peices instead of two or three.All in all find another Media recorder if you want a long video .
 I have a 3.2 Ghz Intel Dual Core , 2 GB Ram , and windows XP professional . Spend your money else where . I give it ZERO stars . Useless software .
 The software is intended to run on Win95 or Win3 .1 which is not clearly stated in its description . You can get it to run on WinXP but you 'll have to jump through some hoops to get there . It needs Quicktime for Win95 which is included on the CD . Uninstall any existing Quicktime first . You 'll need to copy the entire CD contents so it appears in your root drive . Then you have to right-click on the Quicktime installer , the setup.exe installer and possibly the Autorun.exe file and change the compatibility property settings to tell XP to run it as a Win95 application . I was able to use 1024x768 and 32bit color . When you 're all done , reboot and try installing the software.I hope this is useful so that you know what you are buying . I did n't but the price was right for this older software .
 I have been asked to review this product . Unfortunately this is imposible because export of this item to other countries is prohibited . While this is perfectly legitimate , it is not acceptable that these products are at the same time protected by international copyright preventing rediscovery of the contents by our own researchers . The way copyright is being used in this instance is not to further legitimate American prosperity , but rather to keep other countires down - an example of oppression by intellectual imperialism which is not tolerable . Please remember the rights of other nations .
 I had a much earlier version of calendar creator and was forced to upgrade because of a new microsoft operating system . Sadly , the programmers at Broderbund have not been kind to this program in the meantime . Where it used to be easy to add multiple items to the calendar , it is now a more laborious process . Where it was easy to format printing for standard filofax paper , it 's now not . You used to be able to print a very plain , simple format , not tarted up with pictures , fancy layouts , etc. . No more , or certainly not easily . Someone should tell software companies that more is not always better !!!
 I attempted to lay out several pictures for each monthly calendar . The layout changed from what was on my screen to what would actually print out . I experienced quality degradation of my photos that I could n't fix . The background color had to be the same for every month . It was very challenging to figure out how to make the program produce a calendar where each month fit over two pages , pictures on the top page , calendar dates on the bottom page , in landscape mode -LRB- so that it could be comb bound in the middle -RRB- . I finally gave up using this program for the photo part of the calendar . I printed the pictures using Adobe Photoshop , the calendar using this program , and took it to a color printing shop for duplication .
 I had really high hopes for this product but it ended up in the trash.It is not user friendly at all.I was hoping to make a simple folding calendar in the style you see in the stores but it never happened . The reason i was drawn to this software was the ability to insert pictures into the grid of the calendar which is very easy to do beacuse they give you very clear concise directions on how to do this . I never figured out how to insert the art work for the main picture above the calendar grid . This is not mentioned once in the instruction booklet that came with it , or the help section of the software.I even went back to other reviews of the software on Amazon and followed a sugestion made by someone who somehow figured this problem out and that did not work.I tried saving whatever i had done so i could check it out later and see what it was going to look like and it would not let me re-open my creation . there where errors every time i tried to open it and after about 3 times i just gave up and went back to my old Elements4.This is a very fundamental part of calendar creating that they just completly left out of the process . All of the other features of the program are completly useless if you can not create a simple wall calendar .
 I have been a calendar creator user since it was labeled under the name Instant Calendar -LRB- this was the fifth version I owned -RRB- I have also owned Calendar Creator Vers . 6 , 8 , and 10 . I liked version 6 the best -LRB- closest to Instant Calendar -RRB- but it does not work with XP . I purchased version 8 for 10 bucks at Office Max a while back , and I got several years use out of it , the only bad thing about it is that it wo n't print on network printers for some reason.I only replaced Version 8 with 12 because I lost my version 8 CD and the program corrupted on my main computer . Version 12 opened my old 8 file with no incident , but printing it was another issue . It turned a 10 MB file into a 2 GB file , and would only print 4 pages outo f 12 , and take about an hour to do it -LRB- bad when you make 17 calendars at a time -RRB- . I bought version 10 on here because I was having issues with 12 , and had the same problem . Ultimately I wound up using a friend 's computer with version 8 and had no printing issues whatsoever . I tried to call tech support from broderbund and from encore , and they were of no use at all.All in all , Calendar Creator used to be a great program , and I can not recommend version 12 , but version 8 -LRB- with XP -RRB- or earlier versions on other systems is a great program if you can find it on here !
 This software is horrible . Tried the Smart Download from Broderbund . What a pitiful piece of junk . Their Email consulting is horrible . The software does n't behave as expected . When I go on-line to give Broderbund feedback , all the feedback links are broken .
 Did not know the product was only for XP . Would not run with Vista . Just another bad choice for me .
 I 've been using Calendar Creator -LRB- CC -RRB- for years and I loved it . I bought a new computer and my old version of CC did n't work so I had to buy the updated version . It 's horrible . It is NOT user friendly at all . The graphics are so tiny you ca n't even tell what they are . I ` mSO disappointed . If anyone knows of a better calendar program , I would love to know what it is .
 The ` smart ' download does not put the program on your computer . You must be connected to the internet for it to work . Customer service is more than terrible . I can not say enough bad things about this company or this software . I 've been seeking refund for over a week - no response from customer service . DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE ! It is a total waste of money and time .
 I recently had to update my fifteen year old version of Calendar Creator v1 .0 because it was incompatible with Windows XP but not Windows 2000 . I have been using the application to make schedules at work . The old program worked perfectly allowing me to overlap the schedules of 10 different health care providers working at 5 separate sites . I was able to create 10 separate files and combine these files quickly and simply in to separate calendars . I purchased this newer version after calling Broderbund and getting reassurances that the file format of the new version was compatible with the files from the old version . This would save me having to enter data already present on our server.I was happy to find out that the new application did import the old files . Unfortunately the simple intuitive nature of the original application has been completely lost in all the bells and whistles of the new version . There is nothing intuitive about this software.Despite hours of fiddling and reading an extremely cryptic user manual and help menu I gave up and decided to use Outlook . A very disappointing purchase .
 The product would not load on desktop or laptop . Contacted vender and their response was what the symptems were . I replyed and no further response from the vender . Contacted vender again to request a refund or replacement . No rsponse.Calendar Creator 12 Deluxe By Broderbund
 Dissappointed , product does not do what it claims and is difficult to use . Would not recommend .
 I 've been using Calendar Creator Plus since it was released for Windows 3.1 . I 've tried upgrading three times -LRB- v 5 , v6 , v9 -RRB- ; each time , the program failed to perform as well as CC Plus . Tech support is useless ; forum is useless . I only need a calendar program which can print out a month-at-a glance on two facing pages . I do n't use pictures , or other art work in my calendars . Amazon.com might consider selling CalendarScope which works beautifully for my purposes , but does NOT do picture inserts . It can be purchased to sync with various smart phones as well . Their tech support is prompt and courteous . I debated posting this , but it took me days and days to find this program . I 'd given up hope because CC Plus would no longer run inside a 64-bit machine . CalendarScope is a Windows program . It is MUCH easier to use than Calendar Creator in every respect with which I 've used it .
 I bought this when I was forced to because my computer crashed . Not anything like the older Calendar Creator Plus which was simple and easy to use . This one is a pain in the rear to figure out ! I have had nothing but problems ! The font size is misleading from regular view , to print view , to paper . You can not view the whole calendar at once like on the previous Calendar Creator , you need to scroll around to see it all . There 's many other issues I 've had with this program . I 'm already looking for a different Calendar creator to replace this one . Save your time and money , dont buy this .
 I had an older Garmin GPS , and and older Mapsource product . It worked great for years , and I was able to seamlessly transfer maps etc to and from my unit . I got a new eTrex Venture CX unit last week and bought the Mapsource City Navigator product for it . Now days Garmin requires you to `` unlock '' the maps , unlock the GPS unit , and register before you can use it . The problem is that during this long and complicated process if anything goes wrong you are locked out of using your new maps with your unit . I 've spent the last 3 hours trying to get my new unit working with my new maps . This process is extremely frustrating , and of course Garmin 's support website is horrible , and they only have support available during business hours while I 'm at work . I am extremely disappointed in this company and will not be getting another product from them . Garmin is more concerned about `` security '' and `` profit '' than usability and customer support .
 The unlock procedure for this map is ridiculous . You must be connected to the net , and you need to go through multiple pages of baloney and enter all of your personal data in detail before you can even get a chance to get the `` unlock '' code . The CD comes with a `` coupon '' code which you must enter more than once to get the chance to enter your serial number . The problem is the serial number I have does n't work and Garmin is n't open on the weekends . I paid over $ 100.00 bucks for this aggravation ? Unbelievable.Update - Contacted tech support today -LRB- Monday -RRB- and was told I can not unlock the software without my GPS unit . This is ridiculous . I bought and paid for a GPS unit , the software for using it on my laptop , and now I have purchased an update -LRB- > $ 100.00 -RRB- which I ca n't install on my laptop because I do n't have my StreetPilot with me . None of this is explained in the upgrade instructions . I will never buy anything from Garmin ever again , and I recommend you do n't either . I 'd give it no stars but that is n't possible .
 Very difficult if not IMPOSSIBLE to use . The unlock feature of these products is so good , even the leagl user ca n't use them !
 A nifty product , except that the standard memory in my GPS will accommodate -LRB- get this -RRB- less than three counties of the thousands of counties on the disc . So I can use approximately a tenth of a percent of what I just purchased . Not very exciting ...
 Garmin 's map products seem to have three problems :1 . They 're overpriced .2 . Their installation program consistently fails , at least on my PC .3 . `` Technical support '' is available only M-F , 8-5 , and they take several days to respond to email queries.It would be nice if 3rd party mapping products , such as Delorme 's Topo USA , worked on Garmin 's GPS units . They do n't and if one wants to have maps on the GPS unit , one is stuck with Garmin 's software.Three such products , including City Navigator , failed to install cleanly on my PC -LRB- running Win 2K SP 4 -RRB- . I hever could install to the C
 Be careful when you buy items like this online . The price looked good , but the product -LRB- shipped from another vendor that sells through Amazon -RRB- was not as expected . We bought this software in December 2006 and received a 2003 version that did not work.We had to get expert help to figure out what was wrong , and then had to update absolutely everything from the Garmin web site . This took quite a bit of time , but finally we were able to use the software with our GPS.The user interface is old-fashioned -LRB- we are Mac users , so we 're spoiled -RRB- . Each installation of a new map , no matter how small , appears to overwrite everything else on the GPS memory card . If there 's a way to add maps without erasing old ones , which there should be , we have n't figured it out yet .
 I have owned the 60CS for about 2 years for business travel purposes . Great unit . Was able to download map coverage for highway corridors I traveled on a regluar basis . Thought I 'd never have to buy another handheld again . WRONG . I purchased the new City Navigator North America v. 8 upgrade DVD , and quickly realized that Garmin increased the geographical area and physical size of its downloadable maps -LRB- added more data into the mapsets -RRB- . So , on a 56 MB internal memory chip you can not load maps with the same coverage area that you could using e.g. City Select NA verson 5 . So discouraging . In this update Garmin could have made the maps ' geographical coverage area , and thus size , smaller , but either they were too stupid or did it to get people like me to have to buy a new unit . Ended up coughing up $ 300 for the 60Cx and bought an extra 256 MB card.In short , if you own the 60C or 60CS , do n't expect to be able to store the same number of maps with this software . Stay with what you have or be prepared to buy a new unit if you must have a number of maps covering a specific geographical area.This is great software , and Garmin knows it , but I 'm giving it only one star for this reason only .
 I got City Navigator North America V8 -LRB- CNNAV8 -RRB- to upgrade from City Select North America V7 -LRB- CSNAV7 -RRB- , since City Navigator seems to be -LRB- as of Jan-2007 -RRB- Garmin 's standard and City Select is being discontinued . I am being disappointed . The map segments are large and so we have to be careful when loading our Quest -LRB- ~ 100MB memory , fixed -RRB- . I probably would not be able to load a 1000 mi road trip without being careful . The mapping detail seems identical where I have checked , and so the hoped for update to the map data did not materialize.What is concerning is that the route finding is buggy . This is true on the Quest , the GPSMap 60CSX , and also when running on the workstation . If you own the software you can do a route starting at -LRB- UTM WGS84 -RRB- 10 S 601058 4122344 , and finishing at 10 S 601198 4123478 . The route taken is about 2X as long as it needs to be . It can not be that the software is running out of resources since the route is only 1.5 miles long -LRB- when going the long way ` round . CSNAV7 finds a route 1/2 as long . -RRB- Given that CSNAV7 does not show these problems , the map segments fit into snaller units more easily and there is no apparent differences in the data where I live , I plan to revert to CSNAV7 , and not use CNNAV8 anymore.I givew it two stars since the remainder of the functionality is good . But if you are planning on buying it for route finding - and I do not see any other reason to buy it - I would look elsewhere , like CS NA V7 if you need Garmin mapping .
 If you actually want to know where your going or when to turn , you NEED this for the 705 . The device cant hold the whole world on it apparently . Weird that my car can on a DVD.Just need to make these devices hold more flash memory . For the Price of the Garmins they should hold sizes like smart phones . Real big gripe for me . GARMIN get with it.Other then that , easy to use and install . Annoying but its your only option .
 Garmin has established an Unlock procedure that is so byzantine that I frequently am denied use of my rightfully owned software . Whether the error is missing unlock code , no customer code found , unable to recognize device , or customer support is currently closed , I find it virtually impossible to install the maps on my device . I understand that Garmin wants to prevent piracy , but they really need to beta test their anti-piracy protocols before dumping their wares on the public . If Garmin does n't respect the hours upon hours of my time that I spend trying to unlock their software , they do not deserve repeat business .
 This is an extraordinarily bad product that makes me question my recent purchase of the Garmin 60 CSX.The problem is the extraordinarily out of date user interface . For example , in order to get directions to a specific address , the address must be specified in separate fields for the street number , the street , the city , the state , and the ZIP code . Even worse , you can not simply type a street name but must then select from a drop-down list of every street name option in the database.In Google maps , I usually find what I 'm looking for typing the street number , street name , and ZIP code and pressing enter -LRB- without regard to `` Rd. '' or `` St. '' , even with misspellings -RRB- . in City Navigator , this requires at least five different steps and use of multiple drop down menus -- effectively making it useless for me.I give the product two stars rather than one because it is quite handy to have all the preloaded points of interest . If I am driving on the highway and would like to get something to eat , I can browse a list of restaurants near my current location and then easily have the GPS direct me there.More commonly , however , I need to find directions to a specific address , and -- despite spending nearly $ 500 for a device and software to do this for me in real time -- I usually use Google maps and prints the results .
 I find that many Points of Interest -LRB- POIs -RRB- are missing . As an example if I search for a particular chain store in town I get 5 results while there are actually 11 listed in the phone book . All 11 have been around for years so it 's not a problem of being too new . I find this same result over and over as I search for dining , stores and other businesses . For me this really diminishes the usefulness of the product .
 I just purchased v8 assuming it was the currently latest version . The only identifier that I could find on Garmin 's site to tell me so was the part number . However , after I received and installed the software , when I went to register it to get the license for my GPS , I was told there was another update that would cost another $ 75 . So I called Garmin and explained the situation . Thankfully , they 're sending me the newest 2008 version fee free . However , while I was on the phone with the rep , I searched on Amazon and other sale sites -LRB- e.g. dealtime -RRB- and could find no one selling a 2008 version.Apparently , the only way to get the latest version -LRB- which , as I found it , has been out for at least two months now -RRB- is through Garmin 's website . And even then , you wo n't know what version you bought until you actually receive it.My rating in this review is not really for the product itself -LRB- which I would only give 3 stars at the most -RRB- but for the major hassle it was to figure out what the latest version really was and finally receiving it . BTW , this quest started about the middle of August and I still do n't have the latest version .
 I just purchased this software and though installing it would be a breeze only to find out is was the most difficult and poorly thought out process anyone could think up.I spent over 2 hours trying to install . Having a older garmin product installed in my PC caused error messages which ended up calling tech support and removing all garmin from my registry and PC.Once I installed the CD , it told me my version was out of date and sent me to their sofware download site.I started there unlock wizard which wanted a 8 digit unlock code from my software and gps , my software had a 10 digit code and unit a 9 digit code.after struggling though all that guesswork and lauching the program , they wanted a 7 digit registation code which I never recieved from garim so I checked that I did not register it and after 2 hours of frustraton it findly worked.the software will only work with your GPS and should something happen to your unit , you software will be useless . they will not issue you another 25 digit software unlock codeso be very careful inputting all you information because if you make a mistake , will end up paying 120 bucks for this software and never be able to use it , good luck .
 I used to be a huge Garmin fan , but they have really mucked this up . The version that gets sent to you is v8 . As soon as you install it , they tell you that v9 is available and that you `` may '' be charged $ 75 for the upgrade . -LRB- To which I inquired and let 's just say you `` will '' be charged . -RRB- I then found out that the v9 is actually a stand-alone , and not an upgrade version , so I could have saved money by going straight for the supposed `` upgrade . '' I think at this point I 'll save the $ 75 and put it towards a non-Garmin unit.I am also having major problems with it in Vista , but hope installing it on my XP Pro laptop will at least make the DVD usable.Disappointing , at best .
 There has been a glitch from the beginning that always want me to start my trips by going around the block first , no matter where I start . Then it starts reminding me that it is out of date , and I can purchase a newer version . Other than that it seems to be standard GPS data .
 The item north american map for garmin unit street pilot lll is o k for one unit but if you own 2 you need to SPEND about 80.00 more to get a NEW CODE to program other unit . I personaly think this is eccessive . I have the disc which I paid over 80.00 to program my units which I have 2 one in my truck and one in my car . No reason for more codes .
 There are two problems here . One is that despite the reviews of others , I did n't get a 2008 map despite ordering and receiving it in the last 2 weeks . The copyright on the unlock coupon is 2007 but when you actually install and unlock the map , garmin tells you that this is actually the 2007 map produced in April 2006 . In order to get the 2008 map you have BUY the update from Garmin for $ 75 . Second is that even on the 2006 map I ca n't get the map , neither on the handheld nor on the PC , to find addresses I want in NYC . I tried my own address -LRB- this building went up in 1927 -RRB- , but I ca n't even get the street . I tried a resturant on Union Turnpike in queens , there is no Union Turnpike listed.I am underwhelmed by the handheld 60CSX as well but I could live with the onscreen keyboard if the maps worked.I was thinking to go for the new Edge but after my experience with this map there is no way I 'd ever deal with Garmin again .
 I ordered this product from Europe and had it sent to my daughter who lives in PA. . I wanted to use it during my next trip in the USA with my C320 streetpilot from Garmin . I did receive and pay what I ordered but as there was no unlock code with the DVD I have never been able to download the USA maps on my GPS unit . Amazon says it 's a Garmin problem and Garmin is not helpful !!!! I spent over $ 110.00 -LRB- including fast shipment -RRB- for an item I can not use . It 's the most expensive DVD I have ever bought !!!
 I have a Garmin StreetPilot that was advertised to work with this software . After purchasing it , and installing it on my PC , I was unable to transfer the maps to my Garmin . I subsequently found out you need an update version , not the full version to work with the unit . This should have been well advertised by Garmin . My problem has not been completely addressed by Garmin and unfortunately I can not return the useless , opened software .
 Extreme hassle getting it to unlock without the code , it was not provided with the product . I have nearly $ 1000 invested in GPS and maps , too much money to cram in Garmin 's ... trash . I 'm stuck with it.I 'll never buy Garmin again .
 What a nightmare picking the right product . Many incompatibilties and locking procedures ! What other Schemes is Garmin going to come up with next ?
 Their software is very bad . Difficult to use , expensive , full of errors and gives a lot of problems -LRB- a package costs over $ 100 and it does n't even work -RRB- .
 Their software is very bad . Difficult to use , expensive , full of errors and gives a lot of problems -LRB- a package costs over $ 100 and it does n't even work -RRB- .
 So without any notice ... or any additional information on the product until we went to unlock the new 2008 maps . Previous years you could unlock the maps for 2 devices -LRB- we have a pair of GPSmap 60CS units -RRB- . As of 2008 , apparently you can only use the map unlock code with a single unit and MUST PURCHASE a second unlock code for your second device.The Garmin website is a mess and any additional information about unlock codes is missing from their website . Some of their own links end in broken links that turn up no information.When I bought these units , they were pretty much the only game in town as far as a good screen and a portable unit . Now there are a ton of other options . If you 're looking to buy a new unit ... I would look elsewhere . Garmin is downright hostile to the enduser . Maybe all of the GPS companies are ... but I intend on finding out now and will not buy anything else from Garmin again . There have been complaints by others for years about how hard and complex the unlock code process is ... I agree . I 've been able to get through it once a year . Insult to injury , now it 's going to cost me even more -LRB- on top of the mental anguish -RRB- if I want to use this update on both of my Garmin GPS 's . Buyer beware .
 The picture shows V8 -LRB- version 8 -RRB- . I did not receive version 8 , instead I received the old version . I paid extra to get 2 day shipping for a trip I am taking this weekend . Now I have to return it , wait for them to get it , wait 7-14 days for a refund and pray that I get the correct version next time . Otherwise , this is definitely false and deceptive advertising .
 Never got it to work . Software may have been too large for hardware . Check with dealer or call manufacture before buying .
 I purchased this product a few years ago , and it was n't what I expected . I was hoping for an integrated system of biblical notes whereby I could click on a word in a scripture verse and find a well layered body of information . Such information would included the Greek/Hebrew meaning -LRB- s -RRB- , other locations for this word , and what it likely means in this context . I have a fried with an older version of Quick Verse that is much better in this regard . His version was sold by a different company , and the content is much better . My version is a useful too , but NOT an electronically integrated tool for bible study . It 's simply a CD filled with many disconnected pieces of good information . It certainly has some value , but failed to meet expectations .
 One look at the included titles is pretty impressive , but the program itself is hard to use and poorly designed . I have used many different bible study programs including e-Sword , Bibleworks 6 , Logos , WordSearch , Online Bible , SwordSearcher and others . Quickverse 2005 is worse than all of these in terms of it 's useability.It 's not so much that it is hard to use , but just is annoying to get around and the features are poorly implimented . One example would be the popup verse refrences . When you put your mouse over a verse refrence while reading a verse , a new window pops up with the verse . The problem is that it has this annoying thick border around it as compared to a tooltip style used by most other programs . Once this thing pops up it is hard to get rid of it ! There is no way of closing it except to move your mouse to another refrence -LRB- popping up a new refrence -RRB- and quickly away to a section of the text with no refrence . Many times I have switched active windows to another program only to have this annoying popup in the way , which forces me to return to Quickverse to get rid of it.There are other examples , but the point is that either this program is in an early stage of development , which should n't be the case at version 9 , or the developers are not very skilled at writing user friendly software . They make it look good in an advertisment , but it 's disappointing to say the least.Having used all major Bible software programs out there , I would suggest that if you want a comprehensive suite and you can spend hundreds of dollars , buy LOGOS . You can find the Scholars edition for around $ 400 discounted on the net.If Quickverse offers some resources you must have and you ca n't afford LOGOS , then be sure to look around for a deal . I have seen Quickverse 2005 Deluxe selling new for $ 125.00 plus shipping -LRB- which says a lot since the `` retail '' is $ 299.00 -RRB- . You would do even better to just download e-sword , which is free and offers a much better set of tools than Quickverse and has a large number of free Bibles , commentaries and other resources available . It 's more than what most people need and you can send the money you saved to support a missionary !
 TurboTax has really gone downhill . After using it for years , it is now riddled with attempts to get you to pay more for add-ons , charges rediculous amounts if you have questions or problems.And then ... I spent two days trying to e-file , always getting a Server busy message from Intuit . This is AFTER they got my credit card number and $ 34 . to file the fed and state tax returns . So I had to hand assemble the return and make the trip to the Post Office . Intuit lobbied the Gov to let them keep this big $ $ $ plum , and then screwed it up . They had this same problem last year , and it is WORSE this year . Time to call all our representatives and get E-File FREE from the IRS . It saves the IRS money , far more than it costs . Why is Intuit allowed to suck this much more from us after making big profits on the package ?
 I have been using TurboTax for many years , and each year their product gets more invasive , less functional , and much harder to install . This year it finally reached the point of being negative utility -LRB- i.e. , worth far less than the hassle -RRB- . I am a little suspicious of any program that requires administrator access to run , but that 's another matter . Once the TurboTax is running , it opens up all kinds of application ports and tries to phone home , claiming it needs ` updates ' to run . Their product did the same thing last year , but this year it 's just gotten out of control . Several months ago I upgraded my router to one with a higher-spec firewall , which apparently does n't allow some of the nonsense that Intuit is trying . Their help says that I have to shut off my firewall to run their software . That sounds so simple , but logically it makes no sense . When I set up the new router , every rule had a reason , for a nice balance of security against restrictive access . This router configuration has worked beautifully without a single problem . I do n't want to reconfigure my network for one single application , but what even is TurboTax doing that they would require me to shut off all security , and is zero security the sort of environment where I would want to be processing and transmitting my financial data ? That 's just crazy . Intuit has clearly gone too far in the wrong direction.I ended up having to download the government forms online , and I did my taxes with a calculator and stubby pencil . TurboTax was a complete waste of time and money -LRB- worth less than zero -RRB- , and if there were any justice not only would I have back the price I paid , but we 'd be feeding these folks behind bars .
 We used to love Turbo Tax , but beware
 Ugh . This is a pretty stiff price to rent a program for one use . That 's right -- the license `` agreement '' , which you 'll only find after unsealing the package and voiding your return rights , limits you to a single migration . Since the program must be activated via the company 's website , there 's no chance you can get around this restriction . To top it off , you 'll have to reinstall all of your software on the new machine before you can migrate the `` settings '' from your old machine . By the time I was done doing that , I did n't save a whole lot of time compared to just reconfiguring the machine manually . I saved maybe an hour in an eight-hour session moving 30GB of data and reinstalling software . A lot of time was spent reconfiguring the things Intellimover missed , such as Outlook 's rules wizard . My recommendation is to choose AlohaBob 's PC Relocator instead -- that program moves applications as well as data , and there is no use limit . Like they say , owning is better than renting .
 I bought this product with a new computer because I had downloaded several hundred - nearly one thousand - MP3 files , on the old computer , and I wanted to use them on the new one . The salesperson and many of the editorials -LRB- and testimonials -RRB- billed Intellimover 3.0 as an extremely user-friendly product that would transfer any file between two machines . However after using this program I would not reccomend it.First , the program requires that you run on the old computer . It reads all your settings , your files , and any piece of data that is stored . Then , once the user installs the software onto the new computer , the files are transferred via a USB or Parallel cable . My first problem was with the IntelliMover program itself . Before a user can transfer specific files , like MP3 's in my case , he or she must move all preferences . This may be convenient for many users who have meticulously configured settings on an older computer , but for a user like me -LRB- who was trying to escape the incoherent configuration of Windows XP -RRB- it simply spread the confusion of many settings from the old computer to the new one . Meanwhile , I found it nearly impossible to reverse the setting change . I strongly suggest that a user DOES NOT use this software unless he or she is completely and utterly satisfied with the settings that their old computer has . Otherwise , if a user is n't happy with the old computer , they 'll be sharing it with the new one.Secondly , the file transfer software does not seem to work under my cofiguration . I have one computer that I have been using for 3 years ; it runs a Windows XP OS but has very little RAM . The second and newer computer is an extremely fast and efficient Gateway . Any time that I have tried to create a connection between the two computers to transfer the files that I need I get stalling until the system freezes and I must restart the operation . Currently I have not been able to fix the operation after nearly 20 attempts.I am disappointed with this software . For the $ 50 that I spent , I receieved a USB cable , a parallel cable , and the Detto Intellimover software . For under $ 20 it is possible to buy a short cable at a computer store and use Windows XP 's file transfer system . That software is no cost and has worked for me.Although the review is critical of the software , I do concede that it is great at making a new computer work like the old one . However if file transfer is your central purpose for buying this software , back away slowly and do n't look back .
 I recently upgraded from an HP running XP Home , to a custom built PC running XP Pro , and wanted to transfer files to my new PC in an efficient manner . Well , after spending approximately 10 hours installing programs on my new machine , and then running Detto -LRB- which took about 8 of the 10 hours -RRB- , I have had MULTIPLE problems with my new PC , which worked perfectly before I ran Detto . I should have used that time to simply burn stuff to CD 's instead . If you are thinking of purchasing this product - STOP ! Do NOT do that . Instead , either burn stuff to CD 's or get a `` mirror '' program instead . Save yourself the aggravation , and the money . It 's just not worth it . Too bad Amazon does n't let you give something ZERO stars , 'cause that 's my real rating .
 This product trashed my new computer . I selected from intellimover 's list only a few options for moving data , one of which was photos . The SW logic moved every . jpg , . bmp , and . gif file from the old to the new computer , which moved about 1GB of garbage , over 3000 gifs alone . Also , it created new folders and subfolders for all the `` new '' art . Thousands of tiny bits of art -LRB- `` Welcome to your new -LRB- 1997 -RRB- Hewlett Packard '' -RRB- , scattered about hundreds of new folders and subfolders . My new Dell went from a clean machine to a cluttered mess in seconds ! And to make matters worse , the only files I wanted , the photos , went to an obscure folder and my software could n't find them ! I had to move them all manually anyway . Also , it did not move my on-computer saved emails , my GPS map saved routes and areas , and a few other small items . For the hours of aggravated deleting I 've had to do , 5-layers deep of folders with only 3 obsolete gifs in the bottom folder , I 'd recommend avoiding this product and recording your data on a CD for manual transfer instead . I wish I had . It would have saved a lot of time and irritaion .
 I 've used this system twice . Once it worked as advertised . The other time it totally screwed up my system . The difference might be that on the successful use , I chose the Select All on the menu of files and settings to transfer . On the disastorous usage , I checked individual program files . Worst of all , Detto customer support was completely useless , ignorant , and unreliable -LRB- not returning calls etc -RRB- . LOOK INWARD XP USERS
 After trying this program 10 times , I still have not managed to migrate my files to the new computer . Paid extra for the USB version of this program , and all I can say , is keep your money . We 've had numerous problems with the connection being broken during transfer , which leaves no option other than to start over again . There is no way to resume the transfer after it has stopped . Over 12 hours later , still trying to transfer the files
 This product is a piece of c ___ p. I doubt it saved me -LRB- or will save me -- I 'm still trying to make it work 72 hours later -RRB- a minute of time over burning CDs . It is BUGGY BUGGY BUGGY and crashes CONSTANTLY !!! In the process of migrating from a Dell desktop to a Dell laptop , I have restarted this program well over 50 times at this point and have installed it three times . It is , first of all , a resource hog -- so you can not do a single thing on either computer while it 's operating . The original migration -LRB- which you can do only once -RRB- was reasonably fast -- but the `` File Transfer Utility , '' which you use next in order to transfer files the original migration did n't catch , is all but worthless . -LRB- This is the one that crashes constantly . -RRB- Here , you 'd do better with burning CDs . What 's worse , the program simply stops operating - it does n't tell you what 's wrong , it does n't warn you that a file is too large , that a file name is too long , or that system resources are low -LRB- my three theories for why it crashes -RRB- . It simply stops . The only saving grace -LRB- really , the only one -RRB- is that I bought this for cheap on amazon instead of forking over 50 or 60 to buy it new . Then I 'd be homicidal as well as frustrated almost beyond my ability to express . Do n't use this product . Please .
 For the cost of this product , go out and buy your own parallel or USB cable and use the FREE Windows Files and Settings transfer wizzard . It will save you money and do the exact same thing .
 Waste of money . Zero software updates available . You will only be able to use this for one transfer . Tech support extremely slow , informed me that many new packages are out of date and unsupported.Save your money . Avoid Detto . Recommend Seagate or Maxtor external hard drive . They will allow continued benefit by transferring your files and acting as a security back up .
 I used this program to transfer files from my old win98 computer to my new XP computer . It promptly crashed both systems . Finally transferred most files including some programs such as Norton System Works which , which it should not have , and is still playing havoc with the new XP system causing a crash about once a week . Emailed Dell from whom I bought the program and Ditto and received no response from either .
 This did kind of what it said it would do . It moved many of my settings and preferences -LRB- but not all -RRB- . It moved a whole bunch of data -LRB- more than I thought it would -RRB- but again not everything and it did this in a `` deceiving '' way . For example , it moved my TurboTax folders and some of the stuff in them but it did not move the prior years ' return data -LRB- the only thing I needed -RRB- . It would have been very easy for me to assume the stuff was there since the folders moved then only found it missing after I gave my old computer away.The biggest problem I found was that there was enough missing from the new computer that I spent a lot of time checking to make sure things were there and re-entering stuff like mail account settings and untransferd docs and data . It moved all my messages in Outlook Express but only the settings for one of 5 accounts I had set up . -LRB- Of cousre it only moved the one for which I know the settings off the top of my head . -RRB- It also only moved docs from one of the 4 user profiles on my old computer.If you just want to move your data and you do not have a huge amount , I suggest just burning CD 's . This definetly made moving my 3 gigs more time consuming than just burning CD 's . I could have done that in much less time than I spent setting this up , waiting for the transfer , checking to make sure everything was there and then entering what was n't . If you 're moving a lot more than I did , it may be worth it .
 IntelliMover , which is marketed by both Momorex and Detto Technologies , is a software product for transferring -LRB- migrating -RRB- data from the user 's old PC to his/her new one . Unfortunately , it is a poor product that fails to deliver in my experience . Packaging and Websites by Memorex and Detto misleadingly promise that the software will transfer data quickly and easily from the user 's old PC to his/her new one . In my experience , it failed miserably . I will never use the product again and recommend that no one buy it.First , except perhaps in fine print hidden somewhere , Memorex and Detto fail clearly to inform the buyer on product packaging or its Websites , that the program does * not * transfer applications.Second , during the transfer IntelliMover is supposed to move all files associated with each program from the old computer to the new one , including those that define the user 's personal settings and customizations of said programs . However , in my experience the software did this for only some programs.In sum , I recommend the PC users look elsewhere for solutions to transferring data from an old PC to a new one . Clearly , in my experience the manufacturer overstates what IntelliMover can deliver . In my opinion , the product is poor.James W. Revakjwrevak@villarevak.orgDecember 24 , 2003
 Do n't even bother . I tried to use this to move data from a Windows 98 PC to a new Windows XP PC at my home and could n't get the PC 's to communicate via the parallel ports . After 3 days of this , I ended up buying an external Zip drive and manually moved the data myself . Save your money and try another product . This was n't just a waste of money , but a big waste of time .
 As someone else previously pointed out Detto fails to clearly inform the buyer on product packaging or its website , that the program does * not * transfer applications.You already have this program ... it 's called `` copy and paste ''
 Save your money . Do anything else to xfer your files from old to new but do n't waste your money on this farce . It seems it has no idea what an . EXE file is and it leaves them all behind , bottom line is this is a total waste of time and simply adds to the time it will take you to get your new computer the way you want it to be .
 I hooked it up between my old and new computer , picked the files I wanted transferred , and everything went smoothly - I thought . But - not all items selected were transferred and some not selected were.Then I started getting crashes on my new computer . Finally took it to a computer shop who found things so scrambled they had to uninstall everything and then install what I wanted .
 I ca n't get this CD to work with Windows XP . There 's no sound and no video . I tried the technical support on Transparent Language 's website but their solution did n't work either .
 I like the contents of the A + Spanish wordwise ; however , the mechanics of this program does n't work to well . In fact before I purchased German Now 9 -LRB- I have German Now 8 , Spanish Now 8 , and A + German . -RRB- the special features ran somewhat , now only the written , the pronunciation and flash cards part of this program works . I have Windows Me . Perhaps if Transparent Language would update like they did with German Now 9 , it would work better on the more recent Windows . Depending what computer system you have , I would recommend buying it .
 BEWARE . . This is an online software program . . If you do n't have DSL buy something else .
 Here are my gripes about this OS : It 's Unstable - X Windows crashed on me about once an hour . Also , about twice every day there would be a kernel panic.It 's Insecure - There are numerous security holes that have been patched . That does n't make me feel better
 Wanted to avoid Microsoft . Did Red Hat 7.2 . Death trap for anyone expecting user friendly software . -LRB- ... -RRB- This IS NOT FOR CASUAL USERS . It 's great in theory -LRB- free software -RRB- , but it needs to be re-built to equate to MS user friendliness . Users need knowledge of DOS language . It 's cheap , it 's good ... but because it 's cheap , there is virtually no customer support . There is no money to provide support . You are on your own . EXCEPT for the wonderful 60 day support that Red Hat gives you . Look closer please ... that 's TWO -LRB- 2 -RRB- questions in a sixty day period . After two questions , you give 'em a credit card number . I spent 8 hours on the phone with `` experts '' just to establish an internet connection . They were unable to get me an e-mail account . I was just supposed to do without that . The e-mail thing does n't work with ATT Broadband . That system `` is not supported '' . This stuff is sold in mainstream stores . It should n't be . It can not be used , in any way , by the average user . 20 years from now , it will put Microsoft out of business , but not now . Now it 's nothing but trouble .
 No problem getting this up and running as a `` workstation '' . No more of a chore than any flavor of Windows I 've ever tried . But my reason for buying Red Hat Linux is to use it as a server OS . Over two weeks into attempting to integrate my Linux server into a Windows client environment and still not being successful at it makes me think there HAS to be a better way .
 I was really excited to get the Train Sim studio thinking that it was going to have some templates and other aids to use in building my own rolling stock to use in Microsoft 's Train Simulator . How disappointed I was to find that absolutely nothing is included except a bare studio and some toddler-quality circus wagon-graphics . I guess I feel a little cheated because the picture on the box clearly shows the 3D graphic design of an F7 . Therefore , one would assume that a basic F7 Sim would have been included , right ? Wrong . You have to buy that as an extra add-on package - another $ 30 . Granted , the tools are there to do basic 3D design . But it 's far more complicated that one might think.So I guess my review would be this
 I 'm sure it works , but I still have n't learned how . The manual is not written for a novice . Others have said it will do what I want it to , so I will try to get it to perform .
 I bought this back in November -LRB- and paid full price for it -RRB- before the state tax was available . Deluxe has always allowed you one free state in the past so was assuming the same for this ` Deluxe ' . I 'm not sure the customer service people even know this since I 've talked with them three times about trying to get my money back for the state download . Why not just create a new version rather than trying to confuse people with two ` Deluxe ' versions -- one with Maximizer and one with free state.One hour wait to talk with an Intuit customer service rep on the phone ! 30 minutes to ` chat ' with someone online ! 24 hour turn around for email but apparently all they did was sent me an email that asked whether the customer support response was any good -LRB- although I never received the customer support response -RRB- . Turbotax product is good , however .
 TurboTax seems determined to give me a $ 30,000 deduction I do not deserve . Wonderful if it was real . I have uninstalled the software , reinstalled , updated , and reentered my data twice . This is a bug . The only response I get from Intuit is survey 's asking for feedback on the response I got to my trouble report.Do not waste your money .
 Amazon should put in big letters at the top of the description `` DOES NOT INCLUDE FREE STATE DOWNLOAD . '' The title of the software matches up exactly with the product that the TurboTax website recommends for purchase for users with a need to file a state tax return . It does not say , nor does Amazon , that the State tax download is not included , nor does it tell that it will be 29.95 to purchase afterwards instead of the $ 5 that it costs upfront . I am now in the middle of a 45 minute hold with TurboTax -LRB- on Jan 24 ! -RRB- to get this fixed .
 I purchased this product as I have many times in the past believing it would come with the State Return for one state , as I have always purchased it in the past . Be very sure you want THIS edition , as it 's $ 5 less and does NOT come with a free state -LRB- which will cost you another $ 30 -RRB- so make sure you pay the extra $ 5 up front and not be misled into buying the non-state containing product !
 TurboTax worked very well for pointing out possible deductions and walking me through questions on everything from income to expenses -- but at the end , it threw an error message telling me that I could n't actually file my returns yet , because TurboTax did n't include the final version of the actual tax return forms . When I called their 1-800 number for availability , the recording said that the final versions would n't be available until mid-March . Yikes !
 I have used TT for about ten years . Bot this one the end of January . After doing two kids ' online -LRB- free -RRB- Started our joint return . Ca n't file due to no forms . Ca n't download update . Called for free CD middle of February . Today is March 22 . Nothing . No followup . Called today and got automated system . Told to expect delivery `` in about two weeks . '' !!! I will be lucky if I do n't need to file for an extension ! Too important to risk using again . Will not buy the CD ever again . May try online , but probably time to try different software . Too bad . It was great for a while . Fire the marketing department . $ 35 including a filing rebate will be fine . Two products
 Be careful selecting the version of TurboTax that you purchase . If it does n't state `` Federal + State '' then you 'll have to pay an additional $ 29 to download the forms for your state return . The `` Federal '' return version is only $ 5 cheaper than the `` Federal + State '' so if you need the state forms you 'll end up paying $ 20 more total to buy the state to use with the `` Federal '' version than you would if you buy the `` Federal + State '' version.There are a handful of states that do n't have a state income tax so those people can save $ 5 by getting the `` Federal '' version . So why does Intuit charge people with the `` Federal '' version $ 29 to download a state form package ? People with the Federal version should be able to download their first state for $ 5 with any additional state downloads costing $ 29 .
 It should be more clear that this version does not included the state download !!!!!!!!!!!!! I returned it !
 I have used Quicken and TurboTax for over a decade , but will not next year . The products are very good , but the marketing -LRB- no sales programs -RRB- are so deceitful that I will move my accounting to Microsoft . I can not believe that I find Microsoft less predatory than Intuit . Why would a company make a very good product and then develop a sales program that tick-off its customers ? I would think that it would be a lot more profitable for them to keep existing customers than to make them feel like a sucker by adding additional costs to their services and promoting coupons and other discounts that they do not honor .
 I purchased this product in good faith , believing all the advertizing I read , and have been very dissatisfied . I used the product as instructed and ended up with a huge payment to the IRS . I then went to a well-known tas firm and , although I still have to pay the IRS , I was able to reduce the payment SUBSTANTIALLY . I have since been told by a taxpreparer that she has used TurboTax for years and has found two `` serious '' glitches in this year 's product and will never use it again .
 I am disgusted by Turbo Tax last year I purchased an on line version with a discount from my employer and that version included free e-file . This year I purchased the software and only when I completed my return did I find out this software did not include free e-file and it would cost me $ 29.95 more on top of the price of the software . Bait and Switch as far as I am concerned.I do not need to pay for software to prepare my return just to mail it in . I can do that easily and much quicker with free forms from the IRS . I purchase these programs for the free e-file . Turbo tax does not make it clear that when you buy these products that e-file is not included their disclame is an afterthought in small print.Beware .
 I was terribly dissapointed . I purchased a copy because I wanted to file online ... of course I was able to file online , but only after paying a SECOND time to use the product I paid for.Simply put , if you are paying to use this product all you are getting is an electronic tax form . If you want to file online , you will have to pay additional charges . If you want any real help you will have to pay additional charges . Their online help for tax questions is n't particularly helpful , in depth , or well organized . If you want `` audit protection '' you will have to pay additional charges.Add up all these charges and you have what you would pay to a basic tax preparer/professional . In my opinion , your money would be better spent with a tax professional than in spending your money on this product and being subjected to the barrage of solicitations for more money for services you thought you had already purchased !
 Magix `` see-hear-feel-create-lose work '' should be there new and improved slogan . Overall this program is not horrible if it was n't for some bugs . First off is the positive witch is for a relatively low price you can start remixing and editing music . This software comes with 2 programs one of witch is Remix R . This program is not very useful and the only thing of use I found is changing of the tempo of mp3s . Then you get the DJ Music Maker witch is done relatively well for a lower budget program . If you have the music and sound effects then you can make music relatively easy . Yep , now it 's time of the negative . First of all this program is made in Germany and the programming could have been better done by a 12 year old . You often get messages in German and secondly , when you get an error message instead of being like a normal program some messages actually keep coming up over and over again , never stopping . The result you need to close the program and lose your work . Overall I think this is a decent program that is made bad by -LSB- the -RSB- programming . If I sound angry then so be it . After working over 5 hours on a song continuously I had an error message pop up so I had to close the program . Luckily I had just saved it , but what do you know the sounds and pieces do not load even though they worked 20 seconds ago . ... Also beware that if you have a computer that is not decently fast then this program may not work well . -LRB- I have a 1.3 g processor w / 384 mb of ram and I was experiencing some slow down with the music maker . -RRB-
 Manual leaves a lot to be desired . Websites and contact info no good . Sorry I bought it .
 I would highly recommend that no one purchase QuickVerse products , for one reason : They sell you software that requires you to enter an unlocking key code , but if you ever want to reinstall the software , you can not do it . I tried for weeks to get them to help me at QuickVerse and I could not get the answer . To pour salt onto the wound , I called long distance -LRB- their only number for help -RRB- , and spent more money than their products are worth .
 Sadly , I can not rate this highly . First of all , there is no DVORAK capability . -LRB- For those who do n't know what this is , this the keyboard that has more efficient placement of keys for faster typing . The old QWERTY keyboard was developed to SLOW down typist who constantly jammed mechanical keyboards . This does not apply to us anymore with electronic keyboards , and hence , should no longer be taught in typing classes -RRB- . Secondly , with the first Quickverse -LRB- for Windows 3.1 -RRB- it was very easy finding verses , texts and Strong meanings all at one time . It was really easy and fun . I expected enhancements in this version , but found everything now is topsy-turvy , confusing and inefficient . It 's a pain now to go to different menus , check boxes and windows for every little verse , text , search , books and Strong word meanings . Part of the search box even blocks off the titles of the books you need to search making it difficult to choose quickly . Simply put , this version of Quick Verse is not fast to use anymore and downright annoying , and to top it off I have to peck my keyboard with one finger since there is no DVORAK conversion . You will also be doing a lot of switching to different windows as this version seems to put every different thing into a window.There is no warning on the box that it is not DVORAK capable.I might add that this version , of course , adds more books too and may explain some of the complication . Still , there is need to change the basics of how it should work .
 Unfortunately , a frustrating waste of time . The bugs are numerous
 I purchased punch platinum 8 , at a local computer store . I worked with the program for 4-6 hours a day for a week . It is not very user friendly ; I thought that I would up grade my current program 3D Home Design Suite V. 1 to the punch platinum , that was a mistake . The user guide has functions that the program does not have , the 3D view spins so fast it is hard to control , it takes a long time to draw kitchen cabinets , than when you place the cabinet , it places it at 8 ' elevation , so than you have to move it to the floor elevation , the deck wizard places exterior decks inside the house . After a week of frustration I called the store to see if I could return the program , because it has a money back guarantee . The store said no , that I would have to contact Punch . I emailed them with my complaint multiple times and got the run a round . The last email I was ready to contact the Better Business office , with that they gave me a return address , but I do n't believe they will refund the state tax or the cost of shipping . Before you purchase from Punch look at the complaints on there web site . I would recommend not buying any Punch programs
 I am a CAD designer with 15 years experience on several platforms , 2d and 3d . I bought this package several months ago . I thought that with my experience I 'd pick it up easily . After many hours I gave up on it . The manual is nothing more than a description on picks and clicks with lots of illustrations . As far as I can determine , no tutorial , either by Punch ! or another third party exists and Punch ! is unresonsive to my queries .
 Specifically I have these problems with this software :1 . Very very slow to `` undo '' last edit .2 . Very difficult to select an item for edit in an area with multiple objects .3 . Poor `` memory '' for previous customized object when adding multiple .4 . Bugginess when editing materials . Programmers attempted to build software that takes some of the decisions out of an edit , but poorly implemented them so that interior surfaces of walls get siding and can not be edited without deleting entire wall including outlets , tubs , windows , etc. . This is an example of the bugs that PERMEATE this software.This is NOT a good package for anyone wanting to design a house to the blueprint level of detail . It has good visual features allowing one to `` visualize '' the design aspect of remodeling , but the structural power tools are weak and missing vital edit abilities . I ca n't figure out how to add a simple stairwell opening and get the lumber to work out right . I had to hand generate a bill of materials because I did n't trust the software and found many calculations were based on square footage rather than specific needs of load , headers , etc.Doing a drawing by hand is easier than using this software , especially with joists and roofs . FYI I have 15 years of software development experience and have used many different software packages , and this falls below the 50 % mark of all software I have ever used . I do n't have experience with other `` architect '' software , so take my review at whatever value you wish based on my experience -LRB- s -RRB- . I would NEVER call this architect software , but rather more of an `` interior design '' software package .
 I like the `` Walk Through on a predetermined path '' feature that you can save as a movie file but what I could then create to make a movie of was at best cartoonish and not what I needed for my purpose . No ability to share my files with AutoCAD software was a disappointment as well . You spend your money and take your chances .
 The documentation is sparse and more similar to a dictionary than a user 's guide . There are video tutorials -LRB- screen recordings -RRB- but their simplicity limits their usefulness to the most basic of functions . The interface is typical of a quickly developed spec . If you know your way around a computer , you 'll be frustrated within minutes . There are no keyboard shortcuts and the concept of objects and properties is primative at best . For example , when you go to drag a tree onto a landscape , nothing tells you what kind of tree it is . When you roll the mouse pointer over the tree , the ballon help says `` Drag '' instead of something more helpful like the plant name . Talk about some lazy programming . Little issues like that are so plentiful that you 'll be cursing the program in no time . I also made the mistake of purchasing one of their add-on `` power tools '' called site planner and boy was that a mistake . It crashed whenever I edited or inserted a line . I sent an email to tech support and they replied with a canned email response blaming the video driver . I quickly sent back a response with all the useless details they asked for and I never heard back from them again . Take it from me , they use the term `` Power Tool '' strictly as a marketing ploy . Their power tools are more like amateur freeware utilities .
 A couple of years ago I bought a similar product from Punch software and gave up on it after a few days of trying to figure out how to use it . -LRB- And I 'm very technical and generally good with new software -RRB- . i would not recommend this software unless you have the time and patience to learn to use it properly.Google recently released a FREE home design software . Much like other Google products , this one is very easy to use - although not as powerful as one you might purchase . Before buying , I strongly recommend you check out Google 's offering . Visit sketchup.google.com to take a look .
 Dude , this game is so hard to use . If you plan on buying this , you better know what you 're doing already because Punch ! sure wo n't help you figure it out . If you 're a first time buyer -LRB- like me -RRB- of this kind of software , do n't let the box fool you into thinking it 's novice friendly -LRB- box quotes `` Simple or Complex , Novice or Pro ... '' -RRB- because it 's definitely not . I 'm sure the program is very powerful but with very few walkthroughs and near no help from the 400 page manual , I 'll never be able to get the full worth out of the game .
 This software has many options for customizing your decor and design , but just putting in basic cabnetry in the kitchen is a 4 step process per cabinet . I found that moving or deleting something was an even bigger headache . I ended up just starting over from scratch .
 Software would not load , corrupt install file . Online help said use XP safe mode , same result . E-mail request for help was never responded to other than the auto response to indicate they had received my e-mail . Hope I can get a refund !
 AVOID THIS S/W !!!! I spent several hours creating drawings only to open the files to see that my drawing is gone !! Calling Punch 's Technical Support was useless . I was told that maybe I have some other program running in the background that might be causing the problem . So now what do I do ? I later received an email from Punch 's Technical Support suggesting ways to try to recover my work which were unsuccessful . No explanation from Punch of why this occurs .
 1 . If you use it on a system with a reasonably fast graphics card , as soon as you try to pan in the 3D view it will spin so fast you ca n't even see what 's going on , it 's a lot like drinking tequila - everything is just a spinning blur . If you have a very fast graphics card -LRB- e.g. HD6950 -RRB- then even on the slowest speed they offer , precise panning is impossible . Not just difficult , you simply ca n't do it because things spin so fast . Even setting their pan control to the slowest setting and using a gaming mouse with speed controls set to the slowest setting , I can not pan with any sort of precision . I have to keep nudging the view back and forth until I get lucky and the spot I want is sort of close to where I wanted it .2 . Forget about doing any sort of easy walk through/fly through viewing in 3D . As others have pointed out , you ca n't significantly adjust the views from the 3 preset view types . Your choices are ` satellite ' view -LRB- directly overhead -RRB- , helicopter view -LRB- slightly elevated -RRB- or eye level view . Again because of the antiquated interface if you have a reasonably fast system -LRB- E8400 in this case -RRB- you ca n't control the elevation changes in the satellite view . You right click to toggle the zooming in or out , and with a fast graphics card and CPU , it zooms in/out so fast that you ca n't really control it . You have to keep zooming in and out until you get reasonably close to where you wanted it to be . Once there , you can not change the viewpoint in any sort of logical/rational manner .3 . Did I mention the interface is old ? I mean like early 1990 's old , it looks like the old Borland graphics interface returned in zombie form . If you 're expecting a modern 3D interface like you 'd find on Google SketchUp -LRB- or pretty much any other 3D design program for that matter -RRB- you 're in for a disappointment . Apparently Punch ! took that `` Shop smart ... shop S-Mart '' thing literally .4 . Not very useful tech support . They outsource the tech support to a third party . Want to know if it 's compatible with Windows 7 ? Well the help topic on the Punch site links to a different website where they put you back at the top of the website while blasting dozens of ads for all sorts of other packages at you . You have to do the whole look up of `` Punch Home Design Platinum '' all over again because it does n't remember you were looking at that product when it sends you to the new website .5 . I 've had this package since Dec of ' 08 . Why write a review now ? Because I just re-installed Windows and I tried to re-install the Home Design Platinum package and it has reminded me how much I despised using it . It wo n't accept my registration for some reason . It does n't say why it 's not accepting it , it just does nothing at all when I click on ` Register ' . Unlike normal applications with actual user interfaces I ca n't go in to Help - > About and click on a register link from there while I have their tech support site open in a browser window . No , none of that user friendly silliness for Punch ! The only time it allows you to enter a registration key is when it starts up , and of course it starts up full screen so you have to alt-tab or use the task bar to bring up a browser window in order to view their tech support site . Once there all it has to say on the subject is `` Just click on the register button '' . Gee , I never thought of that ! Are you sure I should n't have pushed the `` Catch Fire '' button after I typed in the registration number?Somewhere between the pathetic user interface of Punch Home Platinum and the constant , annoying money grubbing from Chief Architect lies a really good home design package . I 'd recommend a different starting point to look for it though 'cause you ca n't get there from this package . If I knew a better one , I 'd suggest it but those are the two I have the most experience with and I 'd have a hard time recommending either .
 First of all it is outdated as it has the currency as Francs instead of Euros . Second of all it is SO limited in what it teaches . I bought it for my 9 year old daughter and she is bored with the lack of material -LRB- s -RRB- on this product . For each category there are no more than 5 phrases ! A real waste of money and time .
 I found this product clumsy and frustrating . I had a hard time building a page and I did n't like the photo editing tools . I would not recommend it ... there are other scrapbook software products that are easier to use , cost less money and have many more features .
 This was my first time using a computer program for scrapbooking . Though the advance features look interesting , they are nearly impossible to figure out how to use . The instruction manual leaves a lot to be desired . I spent an entire weekend working on it and only had two completed scrapbook pages to show for it .
 Spent -LRB- and lost -RRB- so many hours on the subtitles and still the same result
 This Software does not live up to its promise in any way . Might be useful for small home video projects but in no way would I use it for professional and complex projects , maybe in a few updated versions it will get better . Encore is unfriendly to the user . Had to use separate software for transcoding and burning , In Encore both failed on large projects . Complex projects seem to be hard for it to handle . I was surprised and disappointed at Adobe for releasing such an undeveloped tool , we all know they can do better .
 This product was not compatible with two of my machines under either XP home or XP Pro . It crashed when I rolled over the `` file '' button . Tech support was less than helpful suggesting that I uninstall and reinstall and , when that did n't work , they said they were out of options to help me . To add insult to injury , they have a `` no money back under any circumstances '' policy so this product is a virtual boat anchor.You 've been warned ... do n't make the mistake I did !
 I tried to use this software to restore the sound quality to my vinyl records before burning to CD . This product is truly unusable . It takes minutes and minutes to do the simplest task . Unless you have unlimited time and unlimited patience , do not buy this product . A far better product at a much lower cost is Magix Audio Cleaning Lab . Today , Jul 10 , 2004 , Audio Cleaning Lab 3 is only $ 9.95 .
 I 've been using this product for years under XP and liked it . However , when I recently bought a new computer with Windows 7 , it would n't install . And , apparently , the web site is n't there any more to get some kind of update . It served me well , but it 's time to move on to a product that keeps up with the times .
 Below you will find correspondence between Cyberlink and myself after I purchased the unpredictable and useless PowerDirector 5 software . In short , the product is a sham and the support is non existent . You must shell out $ 30 more for 2mths of voice support . Their email support is nothing more than a cut and paste ritual that may or may not have anything to do with your problem.My Request to Cyberlink -LRB- March 26th 2006 -RRB- I purchased the PDR5 software with high hopes of producing some excellent quality DVD 's / VCD 's with your well reviewed and feature rich offerings . I loaded it up , imported a video file , some digital photos , and an mp3 audio file . Made a great little 5 minute video/photo/music overlay slide show . I was impressed at the ease and quality . I then decided to start capturing video from my DV camcorder . This is what I got it for . Well , BIG , HUGE dissapointment ! Nothing but a big fat hairy time consuming mess . During Auto Batch Capture the software scans the DV tape and breaks it out into manageable sections great . No problems there . It refreshes the thumbnails with no problem . The problems start to manifest themselves during the next phase of the capture sequence.Here is a list :1 -RRB- Sometimes , it wo n't rewind the DV tape at the end of the scan . You can wait 15 minutes and nothing happens .2 -RRB- If it does rewind and start capturing it will capture a few and then hang up . The camera will rewind a bit , play , stop , rewind , play a bit and keep on doing this till you abort theentire project .3 -RRB- Sometimes during capture it hangs up on a random scene . It is the middle of a single continuous scene . That is what consternates me . I ca n't figure that out at all .4 -RRB- Sometimes , I get a message that loosely states , `` PDR has encountered a problem and must shut down . Sorry for the inconvenience '' . That is just plain unacceptable.Results :1 -RRB- To date I have not produced one VCD/DVD because of the softwares inability to successfully capture a complete tape . Unacceptable .2 -RRB- Tried different settings to see if maybe the problem was isolated to a particular section of code . The settings did n't matter . The results were the same . Zero .3 -RRB- Defragmented my HD , Rebooted , closed all latent processes , and ran a trial run . Zero.My system
 I picked it up from a flea market thinkin ' it would be better than Pinnacle Studio because it 's a big program . I installed it in my computer and went through it and nothing about inserting disc chapter points were there . This program was a waste of money .
 Yesterday I bought DVD Cloner 4 from ` Herman Street ` tru Amazon , and received a confirmation of my order.Within the hour I would receive my download instructions and activation codes , now one day later , after a email to their sales department , I did not receive anything .
 these seem like very old titles , written for win/3 .1 and possibly working on win/95 , but incompatible with the modern microsoft operating systems . out of 3 titles , two failed to install on my child 's win2k system at all . one installed , but did n't function right . its graphics are the 10 year old primitive 256 color 640x480 VGA , 2-dimensional and flat . the game 's audio would n't turn on . i can only guess that the other 2 titles were even more antique . a major dissapointment , because science related titles for small kids are so rare and hard to find!i have encountered other children 's titles that were poorly written for win/3 .1 or older versions of windows , and had n't been updated in 10 years , which would n't install or run right under win2k , but these are titles published by microsoft itself !!!
 I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW IF THIS GAME COMES WITH INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO NAVIGATE AROUND IT?THIS WILL DETERMINE IF I WILL BUY IT AS MY DAUGHTER LOVES MAGIC SCHOOL BUS BOOKS .
 I have purchased the previous Backyard sports software , FOR THE MACINTOSH . I would be happy to purchase more than one copy of newer versions if they were also available for the Mac . Why the change ??? Even the Backyard Foodball , which we had purchased previously , is now available only for the PC . If available for both PC and Windows -LRB- especially for OS 9 . x -RRB- it would be very helpful . I would , at this time , be purchasing copies for both the PC and the Mac for grandchildren , for Christmas - at this time , I ca n't .
 This game is the 7th and worst of the Backyard Series games . It seems to me like they rushed this product to the market . I really liked the other backyard games better . The main problem with this game would be the controls . It is virtually impossible to play defense . There are many glitches to the game also . There is limited saving -LRB- only to season games -RRB- If I were you , I 'd stick with Backyard Football 2002 or Backyard Baseball 2001 - my favorites .
 backyard basketball is okay but it lacks so many things . For one it 's way to easy . Second not enough pro players you can just take all the pro 's if there was more it would be harder . Third no pro teams it would be better with pro teams so then it would be at least a little bit realilistic .
 I 've been playing these backyard games for a while . At first it 's fun but after a while it just gets too easy . You ca n't lose even if you play on hard . ...
 The description for this item is incorrect ! Purchased the game to play on machines running Windows XP . The game does NOT work on XP . Tried the game on numerous machines running Windows XP ... it does NOT work . Sad . If it 's like the other `` Backyard '' games we have , it would 've been fun to play .
 I purchased this product by the request of my 8-year-old grandson in California . He was very excited to receive it . THE PRODUCT DID NOT WORK , IT WAS BROKEN AND MY GRANDSON WAS TERRIBLY DISAPPOINTED . I was very very upset . Can you send him one that works and make this right ?? Dear Rose , Thank you for your recent purchase from Amazon.com.We invite you to submit a review for the product you purchased or share an image that would benefit other customers . Your input will help customers choose the best products on Amazon.com.It 's easy to submit a review -- just click the Review this product button next to the product.Backyard Basketball -LRB- Purchased on May 5 , 2012 -RRB- by Humongous Entertainment
 I enjoy the backyard series , but backyard basketball is disappointing . It dose n't include enough pro players , the power-ups are terrible , and the season is too long .
 This game has fun gameplay , but could be more realistic . You can hit a 3-pointer , half-court shot , and whole court shot almost every single time ! And anyone can dunk , and just tell me , HOW CAN A KID IN A WHEEL-CHAIR DUNK !!!! These kids should n`t be able to hit EVERY SINGLE shot !!!! Some of these people make every 3-pointer they shot . I was doing training , and I was Dimitri Petrovich , and I was shooting half-court shots , and when I finally reached 236 in a row , I just decided to quit . Like come on , no one in real life could do that . You can buy it from me if you want , and i ` ll give you a free cd case too for getting this THING and WASTE-OF-TIME out of my life . DONT BUY !!!!!!!
 This is a really bad software . We had to return this CD twice ! It alwayse stalls and I got in troble because this CD almost crashed our computer!DO NOT BUY
 I own all of the backyard games , and this is byfar the worst . It has bad gameplay and is completely revolved around the fast-break . It is also impossible to play defense or rebound . Also , you can not play as real NBA or WNBA teams such as in the other Backyard Games . Also , there are only 2 pro players -LRB- Kevin Garnett and Lisa Leslie -RRB- . So unless you are a hardcore gamer under 10 with a good temper -LRB- because this game will get really annoying after a while -RRB- dont waste your money on it . Spend it on the new Backyard Game , Backyard Baseball 2003 -LRB- which is a great game -RRB- .
 Trust me this game is not worth it . You will get tired with it really quick . Sure maybe the other backyard games are cool but this one -LSB- stinks -RSB- . I wanted to get it so bad and I could n't wait till Christmas and I spent my own money then it was dissapointing !! Do n't buy it !! I repeat dont buy it !!!!!
 This is a really bad software . We had to return this CD twice ! It alwayse stalls and I got in troble because this CD almost crashed our computer!DO NOT BUY
 i also purchased backyard football which the kids enjoy alot but we have not been able to get the basketball to work - any suggestions ?
 We have all the other Tonka titles and have loved them all . However , this game has been nothing but trouble for me . I installed it on Win 98 where it ran once , nicely , enough to get my boys excited . It never ran again . Countless uninstall/reinstalls have not fixed the problem . It 's dead to Win 98 . No problem , I 'll install it on my Win2000 machine . Wrong ! The warning says this game was not designed for 2000 . I ran it anyway and it starts but is choppy and unplayable -LRB- 1.5 GHz machine -RRB- . I hope Tonka goes back to their original software developer .
 I have a Pentium 200 MHz , with 64 MB RAM , and a 4X Speed CD-ROM . This meets the minimum system requirments to play the game . The play was extremely slow and choppy . I 'm no computer expert but if you buy this game , I hope you have a faster system than I do . Otherwise you will probably be extremely unhappy as I was .
 It did not fulfill my expectations.Not a lot information about USING your camera ... Fair buy.Luiz
 Delorme Handheld 2005 is claimed to be a full-featured navigational package . Instead , it does the following :1 -RRB- Creates routes onboard the handheld.This is good , but it takes a ridiculously long time . I would be surprised if it can calculate a long route at all , since attempting to plot a 10 mile route on Molokai , HI -LRB- an island 38 miles long with 3 highways total -RRB- took almost a minute .2 -RRB- Can not re-route automatically -LRB- probably because it would freeze it up for a long time -RRB- Instead it announces
 I got this software because MS Streets and Trips for PocketPC did not deliver on its promise , and Mapopolis is excellent , but very expensive software.I can not believe that Delorme has released a software of this poor quality . Its amature at best , an alpha release if at all.What bothered me :1 -RRB- Map creation on the PC took too long - almost 15 min for an area about half the size of NJ . Maps created are huge too , but that 's ok .2 -RRB- This software fails to even load the PC generated map - I tried to coax it to load a map of entire NJ and NY states and it choked .3 -RRB- Once you get to load the map , good luck finding landmarks . I tried to find World Trade Center , Empire State Bldg etc. which are obvious landmarks recognized by other software and this one has no clue where they are . Not only this , it can not even find the building I work in when I give it the exact US mail address ! 4 -RRB- GPS functionality is good . Map resolution is good . But if you want to move -LRB- pan -RRB- the map around its awefully slow . Mapopolis is blazing fast at this . I had to figure out how to zoom in and out as well - not intuitive and not very good at all .5 -RRB- Tracking - this one beats me . The thing does not keep track of your vehicle on the map while tracking . It knows where u r since its telling u about the distance to the next turn etc. , but I can not see the red dot on the screen moving -LRB- at a very appropriately zoomed in level -RRB- . There might be a way around this , but if I have to spend time to figure out such basic features , this is not worth my money .6 -RRB- Voice prompts are weak , I have to strain to hear and understand what its saying . Directions are mostly way off as well .7 -RRB- Does not recalculate the route , and when u press the recalculate button , it takes for ever . You can get lost more while its recalculating and ofcourse the generated directions are no good now since you are several miles from the place when u hit the recalculate button ! 8 -RRB- Map generation in general is extremely slow . Took about 5 minutes to generate a route of about 10 miles . Mapopolis takes about 30 sec to do this in the demo version.For the money wasted , I do not regret my purchase , if only for the learning experience !
 I 've been developing software for over 30 years and have never seen -LRB- and spent money on ! -RRB- a worse piece of commercial software !! It 's not even good enough to be called an Alpha version ! If the developers ever used this software on a road-trip , I 'm sure they 're all dead by now since it 's so badly designed that it 's actually a danger to anyone that uses it!Here are just a few things to hate about this program :1 -RRB- Selecting map rectangles in the desktop app is slow and anti-intuitive .2 -RRB- The handheld software draws maps very slowely , if at all ! 3 -RRB- None of the controls on the display are intuitive . I tried for hours to figure out how to make the icon that represents the car , stay in the middle and have the map move . Still have n't figured it out !! 4 -RRB- Trying to route to an address is impossible ! 5 -RRB- The map display does n't even have the names of many of the smaller side-streeets . There are many more , but you get the idea . I 've used Garmin 's excellent `` City Select '' software and found it to be excellent . My Garmin GPS got broken so I bought an NMEA-standard BlueTooth GPS and wanted to get a mapping/routing program that would be similar to City Select . This definately IS N'T it !! My next purchase is i.Guidance from iNav.I used Street Atlas USA many years ago and loved it . Maybe the laptop version of 2005 is better , I do n't know . The handheld version totally sucks though . Shame on Delorme for ripping loyal customers off like this !!!!!
 In addition to the incredible slowness on the handheld , the accuracy is awful . It is not just the handheld version . The laptop version suffers the same bugs . The maps are simply not calibrated right . It was often as much as 1,000 feet off . This is not only suboptimal , it 's outright dangerous because it keeps distracting you by telling you that you 're off-route . The only good thing about this junk is the return policy . DeLorme has a 30 day no questions asked guarantee . Of course , you 're still out the tax and the cost of shipping it back.Avoid it like the plague .
 I use the desktop software and have been content with it . I find STreet Atlas easier to use but INACCURATE and MS Streets and Trips to be MORE accurate but less intuitive.Street Atlas for Handheld is a complete , unfinished , unpolished , inaccurate and VERY unintuitive waste of money!Basically , the reviews previous to mine have said it all . I would recommend Tom Tom Navigator for Handhelds or Microsoft 's Streets and Trips for PocketPC .
 At least you 'll get to see it swirl around before it disappears . Then you can walk away and forget it instead of wasting HOURS AND HOURS in frustration after you 've wasted the money.I bought this program because I thought it would be more current on the local streets than my old GPS software that came out in 2003 - WRONG ! Less current , and not nearly as user friendly or anything else you want street GPS for.The other reviews do a good job of telling you some of the weaknesses . I just wish I had read them before I bought this trash.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS IF YOU ARE THINKING OF USING IT WITH A HANDHELD DEVICE !!!
 I bought an Axim x51v hoping to use my Street Atlas Handheld software on it but after just a few minutes of use I started looking elsewhere . I concur with all the bad reviews it has gotten simply because of the hassle you are put through assembling and transferring maps to the handheld unit.I have not been able to transfer routes from my laptop to the PPC . That would be easier than trying to do it on the tiny screen with a stylus and all the controls that better software has is totally missing on SA Handheld.My advice is `` Do n't waste yor money on SA Handheld '' .
 Does not automatically recalculate your route should you get off course . Maps are cumbersome pick out and to load . There are far better packages on the market .
 I bought Street Atlas 2005 for my Palm because it was a lot cheaper than TomTom Navigator and had better-looking graphics than Mapopolis . Although it functioned correctly -LRB- for instance , it was able to get coordinates from a Bluetooth GPS unit that I had purchased separately -RRB- , the product 's feature set makes it pretty much worthless . Its key failing is its inability to route . Even though it can locate individual addresses , it does n't tell you how to get there . -LRB- Is n't that the whole point of having one of these navigators ? -RRB- It simply displays a little arrow showing the as-the-crow-flies direction in which you should travel . Better than nothing , I guess , but after trying to use it in real-world conditions , I realized that I had wasted my money.A few months later , TomTom released version 5 of their Navigator product for the Palm . I purchased it to replace Street Atlas , and although it cost me three times what I paid for Street Atlas , I could n't be happier . Not only does Navigator offer true turn-by-turn routing , it has dozens of other powerful and helpful features that you 'd expect to find in a proper GPS navigator.Note
 I love Street Atlas on my laptop , so I decided to try to miniturize it and stick it on my handheld ... bad decision . The handheld software is horrible . Nothing like the desktop/laptop version . The user interface is horrible and the software lags constantly on my Axim X3i -LRB- 400 mHz X-Scale and it lags -RRB- . There are much better handheld navigation software titles out there , especially TomTom Navigator -LRB- in my opinion the best handheld navigation program out there -RRB- . Street Atlas is a waste and I can not recommend it to anybody .
 As a long time user of Bryce 2 , 3 and 4 , I was sorely disappointed with v. 5 . The rendering machine is extremely slow , and did not produce higher quality results than older versions . The addition of the tree lab is nice , but that 's the only feature that is added . Any other `` improvements '' are not obvious or counter-productive .
 i bought it to help me get my printer and 3 PCs networked with a linksys router . the application crashed several times and the UI was really hard to navigate . it ended up taking up time , rather than saving it .
 Got this for Christmas , and so far it 's been a dud . I 'm mostly disappointed with Farstone , but a little with ... . too -LRB- the latest version is version 7 , but here they are still selling version 6 at full price without any sign of 7 in the search results -RRB- . Turns out that Virtual Drive is n't any more sophisticated at handling copy protection than any hacker on a newsgroup . In other words , a given version may not work with newer software . In my case , 2 of the main discs I wanted to create virtual versions of -LRB- Madden 2001 and Black and White -RRB- would n't work in Virtual form.I sent a lengthy e-mail to Farstone Technical Support outlining the things that I had tried to get it to work , and their response consisted of a list of things to try that was almost exactly everything that I told them I had tried already . The only solution I had n't tried was downloading the demo copy of Version 7 . I 'm trying it now , but I 'm not confident that even if it works I 'll be willing to shell out another -LSB- amt -RSB- or so for another version of something I just bought.What I found most annoying was that everywhere I looked on the Farstone website -LRB- even in the e-mail from their TS dept. -RRB- it 's made very clear that they are always working to maintain compatibiltiy with new software and maintaining a list of software that does n't work with the current version of VD . However , nowhere on their site could I actually find such a list ; I guess sharing it with potential customers might hurt sales.I may still use it for older games that do n't have the same level of copy protection , but first I have to determine whether or not to even keep it on my computer at all . Ever since I installed it , I 'm getting random crashes -LRB- blue screens of death , reboots , etc. -RRB- , especially when the virtual drive manager is trying to launch at startup.All in all , not the best utility I 've ever bought .
 You really need to own the latest version for it to work . I bought version 7 , and it does n't work for anything I 've tried so far . When I checked the website I realized that the current version is 12 . Oops . Now I 'll have to pay more money to upgrade .
 I CAN NOT EVEN FIGURE OUT HOW TO USE THIS IT IS NOT A GOOD BUY AND NOT USER FRIENDLY AT ALL
 I 've used Money 99 thru 2002 and this latest is terrible . I liked the old programs , but this new one is filled with bugs . It has deleted one of my accounts three times for no obvious reason and I 've had major problems generating reports -LRB- program locks up -RRB- . Spent days trying to figure that one out and support site was not helpful at all . Additionally , when you import * . qif files from your bank , the new interface is horrible . It trys to be too smart and puts things in the wrong place and changes transactions . I liked the older versions a lot but I definately ca n't recommend this . I 'm uninstalling this and putting my stuff back on Money 2000 . FYI , I did install this on my Windows 2000 machine and it ran fine -LRB- except when the program crashed -RRB- . Did the exact same thing on my Windows 98SE machine .
 I made this `` upgrade '' from Quicken 2001 Standard . I bought Money because I had a rebate that essentially made it free . At `` Free , '' it 's severely overpriced . I can not intimate the level of frustration this package has caused me . Even now , as I write this review , my browser has a new window on the left-hand side asking me , `` Do you want to access your cash flow or budget information as you shop ? Sign in with the Passport you use with Money . '' Jeepers Creepers , guys ... I just wanted something that would track my checkbook and let me plan a budget for my family finances ... I did n't want to have a new edition of Internet Explorer installed -LRB- unless I missed the option on this one , it installed it by default -RRB- . I did n't want to sign up for a Passport , and I did n't want all my browser defaults erased.But alas ... that is but the beginning of my frustration.The register only shows about 4 transactions at a time unless you use the `` one line at a time '' option , and then you ca n't see all the details . There 's a window to the left that will not go way , and in 600 x 800 resolution , it just takes up too much room.I may be in the minority here , but my financial institutions do not support a connection through anybody 's program , and I would just like a decent tool to track stuff offline without living in this ultra-slow ... waiting for the internet to respond ... mixed environment that combines local processing with internet `` support . `` Here 's a real `` head 's up . '' If you do n't have a really fast processor with a lot of free disk space and a pretty fast internet connection , SKIP THIS ONE . I 'm going back to Quicken 2001 . Quicken 's bad enough , but at least when I roll over in bed , I do n't jerk the cover off Bill Gates . ; -RRB- This one is a monumental loser . Like I said ... overpriced at `` free . '' Quicken has MUCH MUCH MUCH more flexibility in its customization -LRB- down to being able to change the field order on the register -RRB- . Additionally , Quicken shows many more transactions on a screen . And face it , guys ... no matter what the `` rest '' of the program does , the register is where you spend most of your time ... recording all the checks and transactions you 've made.I only regret that I can not give it negative stars ...
 I have been a faithful Microsoft Money user until now . I had been utilizing Money 98 and my husband decided to give me 2002 for my birthday . I loaded it and everytime I try to enter an account - such as my checking account - my computer crashes and needs to be rebooted . Then when I went on line to get support I had to register in yet another Microsoft product called Passport to get help instead of just an easy email . I have now tried every fix the support person has emailed me and have yet to get it to work . I am going out to buy Quicken . Apparently Money 2002 is not compatible with my system - so as an earlier review said I have effectively donated my funds to Microsoft . I wo n't do it again.I also find it very irritating that the product tries to log into the internet constantly . I do not want my financial information out there . When I transfer funds on-line it pops up beside and puts a log in box next to the one for the bank even though I told it not to hook to the internet.Disgruntled in Michigan
 I was very satisfied with Money 99 and purchased Money 2002 with the hopes of a similar experience . Unfortunately , the program never worked properly on my computer which runs Windows 98 version 1 . I could only load the program from the Taskbar as the Desktop Icon and Start Menu selection would not work . Additionally , during installation an updated Internet Explorer was installed . Afterwards , I experienced numerous lock-ups while on the internet and eventually my computer crashed and would not reboot . After reinstalling my operating system I installed Money 2002 fresh without my backup data . This time similar problems but now there was no icon on the Taskbar and absolutely no way to load the program . I 'm now back to using Money 99 and my computer is again operating smoothly .
 I recently upgraded my PC and along with the PC came a complimentary copy of Money 2001 . I am currently running Quicken Delux 2002 . Money 2001 will not import the Quicken information . I had read some reviews indicating that Money 2002 was a much improved product . I bit at their offer to upgrade to Money 2002 . When I tried to convert my Quicken files into Money , I received a criptic error message `` Your Quicken file could not be converted '' with no explanation given as to why the file could not be converted . I tried searching the Microsoft Knowledge Base and after several attempts , found nothing on this particular problem . I went to contact Microsoft Product Support online and got the following messageSystem Error
 This version of Money upgrades to a new communications protocol between you and your bank . It is NOT fully debugged , and has many limitations , including only letting you transmit one electronic payment at a time . If you are an existing Money user , stick with your current version until the bugs are worked out . Not even Microsoft tech support could solve my issues on this one ... . I am going back to Money 2001 .
 I used Money2001 with no problem . Then I got a new PC that came with Money2002 , so I decided to try it out -LRB- BIG MISTAKE -RRB- . The conversion went without a problem . Then I realized the new version only allows you to upload one bill at at time . What were they thinking ?? What used to take 5 minutes to pay several bills now takes 30 ! Another feature lost by not allowing multiple payments , is the ability to see how the payments will affect your account so you can make any adjustments BEFORE you click submit . When I reinstalled Money2001 , I could still get into my records , but I got got an error message saying my online checking had not been activated . According to Microsoft , they converted to a new file format in Money2002 . Eventually they wont support earlier file formats . Once your bank converts your files to the new format , YOU CANT GO BACK !! . They said the only way to get Money2001 to work after you use Money2002 is to go open a brand new checking account ! Microsoft said they `` might '' reinstall some of the old features in Money2003 this fall . If you dont have any financial software , try to find a copy of Money2001 or use Quicken2002 which allows multiple bill payment with one click . If you have Money2001 , avoid this upgrade like the plague and wailt and see what Money2003 has to offer . Microsoft had better listen to the many complaints over this snaffu or they will lose business to Intuit Quicken . LET THE BUYER BEWARE !
 I am not one of those Microsoft haters . I have found their products to be generally very good , BUT not with Money 2002 . I have used Microsoft Money for five years . My last upgrade was 2000 , and it was just fine . I recently purchased a new computer that had 2002 installed . So I upgraded , being happy with the previous upgrades . It is a nightmare . Microsoft has taken every convenience and removed it . Instead of being able to send all your on line payments at once . Each one is sent individually . What were they thinking ?! It 's also loaded with ads . I 've paid already , I do n't need ads . Also , when upgrading it corrupted my files . When I tried to return to the stable and friendly Money 2000 , I was informed that I could no longer use on line banking services because my account had already been upgraded . No turning back . Now I 'm stuck with some sadist 's version of ease . STAY AWAY !!!
 This product is terrible . I was suckered in with the free rebate that they offered with the H&R Block Tax Program -LRB- Another terrible program when compared to Turbo Tax -RRB- . I have had nothing but problems and it is not operator error -LRB- I am a computer programmer -RRB- . The program constantly complains that it can not project financial data so I am constantly clicking through error messages . Microsoft posted a `` fix '' for this . The `` fix '' did not work ! Minutes ago , I tried to create a 401 -LRB- k -RRB- retirement account and I got a vague message saying `` Operation Can not be Performed '' . Moreover , it constantly prods you to get a passport account , which as most technically adept people know , is a tool that essentially allows access to all your accounts with ONE password . This is a terrible idea since if the system is compromised , every account you have is compromised as well . Go with Quicken , it can not be any worse than this .
 I used Money 2000 . When I tried to convert the old money file -LRB- about 1 mb -RRB- , the computer -LRB- Pentium III 800 MHz with Win 98 and 128M memory -RRB- is still running after 30 minutes . It would n't let me to do anything including hitting the Alt + Ctl + Del keys . Lucky I did use the money 2000 to create a smaller file with only last year transactions -LRB- it is about 300k -RRB- . Money 2002 successfully convert the file in 1 minute.There is n't much improvements or new functions from the previous versions other than the screen.It gives the audio instructions which helps to slow down the computer.The backgroud banking sounds good . But how much do you trust microsoft on the security?It prompts me to signup with the passport . I always refuse it . I have a hotmail account and the passport . My account is not listed on the directory . I never use this account to make any online purchase . I still have 10 to 20 spam email per day . I do n't know what will happen if I connect the money to the passport.There are a lot of way to spend -LSB- your money -RSB- . It was a bad choice to buy money 2002 .
 Run Away ! I 've been using Money99 for three years , have never been impressed , but it was at least adequate . My bank no longer supports Money99 with online banking so I needed to upgrade . Money 2002 is one of the worst pieces of software I 've ever evaluated . Thankfully I downloaded the evaluation version before I spent any $ . First , it is a far less intuitive version , but I could get used to that . 2nd , they REQUIRE you to sign up for Microsoft Passport , which is another Microsoft ploy to gather personal information about you . and most importantly 3rd , if you use Online bill pay , every time you submit a payment , it immediately submits it to the bank over the internet -LRB- and locks the application until finished -RRB- . What used to take 1 minute over a 14.4 modem connection -LRB- to batch submit many payments -RRB- now takes 30 seconds PER PAYMENT over a `` fast '' cable modem connection . You ca n't enter all your bills and submit them in batch anymore . I 'll be looking for a version of Money 2000 or 2001 on E-bay , or wait to see reviews of 2003 . 2002 should be thrown immediately in the trash !
 Bought this when it first came out to replace Quicken -LRB- too slow -RRB- . More fool me - ghastly interface . More bugs than an ant hill and now it wo n't let me edit or view downloaded info and I 've now got 78 items on one account needing ` previewing ' . I 'd move the file back to Quicken but guess MS Money has now ballsed up my accounts so badly I 'd be better off starting again .
 Being a MS Money user for the last seven years , I thought that the new version will improve my ability to track my personal finances , just as the previous versions did . Instead , I had to cope with the disappearance of my budget and , worst of all , an annoying Passport log in , which seems to have a serious security issue . Two days after installation and the first Passport log-in , I had two on-line charges on a credit card I 've never used on the Internet !!! Fortunately , I found my Money 2000 file backed up and restored normality by removing this threat from my system .
 very complicated for nothing . i was only looking for a software that 'll guide me through a better expense management & reduce debts in a longer term , but this piece of -LSB- junk -RSB- has so much to offer you and does n't even respond to your needs ! too many useless functions available & worthless data collection that leads you to nowhere !
 Although this product will install under Win2k , it is not * certified * as Win 2k compliant and so , it will not run properly under Win2k . Only Microsoft could produce a product that does n't run right under their own O/S . Incredible . You must be logged in as `` Administrator '' or someone in `` Administrator '' group in order to run this at all . See MS knowledgebase article Q273815 for a detail of the problems you may encounter -LRB- this for Money 2001 , but it holds true for 2002 too -RRB- . I bought 2001 and was burned by this incompatibility and had to revert to Money 2000 . Do n't buy this if you run Win2k unless you want to make a charitable donation to Microsoft . MS says they have no intention of making Money Win2k certified as Win2k is a `` business '' O/S and Money is a `` consumer '' product . Caveat emptor .
 I use computer since Apple -RSB- -LSB- era and never seen such a terrible comercial product . After install , I ca n't even start the program . Everytime I tried to start it , there 's an `` Error report '' dialog , and that 's it . Nothing more ... How can Microsoft sell a product like this ? This is not a beta , and not even a `` first generation '' product . * sigh * I 'll try quicken next time ...
 Having skipped all previous versions of MS Money , I thought I would switch from Quicken , which I hate , for MS Money 2002 . Given 40 billion reasons to trust this product , I devoted some time to it , but now find I hate it too . Why ? Here 's my story : Step 1
 Bluto said that a user must be logged in as either Admin or a member of the Admin group in order to * run * the software . This is correct and is a poor way to have to run Money.It 's understandable that you 'd have to be an `` Admin '' in order to * install * the software but to * run * it after its been installed ? Why should you have to be an Admin in order to run Money each time , after its been installed by an Admin?robertl30 should try to set up a non-Admin account and see if that user can even get Money to start up . The KB article Bluto alluded to explains that non Admins can NOT run the program unless you set them up as Admins , install the software for them , then remove them as Admins . And even then it will not run properly unless they remain as full fledged Admins permanently . -LRB- MS Money Sounds do n't work for non Admins , among other bugs -RRB- . The point is that you should n't need to have maximum privileges in order to * run * a program like Money - after its been installed by an Admin - which does nothing especially privileged . It 's not like its a disk partitioning program or something.In my house , I am set up as an Admin , but my wife is set up as a User . She does not need , nor want , Admin privileges . She is worried that she might accidently harm the system somehow if she has Admin privs . But if she wants to * run * Money after its been installed , she needs to be an Admin !
 In order for this Windows 95 disc to work on an XP computer you need to contact Scholastic and have them email a patch . You then download the patch to the computer on which you would load the disc . Limits portability dramatically . Just buy a new one !
 I bought this IEEE 1394 card soon after I got a brand new computer . My computer was operating fine until this component crashed my system everytime I use any type of multimedia . It has caused me a lot of headache and agony . Not even XP OS can tell you what crash your system . Until I removed this card , everything was running the way it supposed to be . Do n't waste your money on this item .
 Be careful buying this product . I have spent two months trying to get it to work with Vista and have finally given up . The company that designed the software was n't able to help . Now I ca n't even get a full refund from Amazon !
 If your serious about professional quality cross-stitch images , do n't get this one , it 's strictly amatuer hour for this software . Personal pics do n't come out as well as what they advertise on the box . And if you are not software savvy there is no directions or decent tutorial . Do n't waste you money or time , you get what you pay for .
 I enjoyed the graphics but it just did n't capture the kids ' attention . Reading a regular book was more effective and enjoyable for all .
 My daughter graduated from Kindergarten yesterday and today is the first day of summer vacation . . so we got out this game and were prepared for a summer full of learning from this game.My kid figured it out in less than 2 hours.If it said this was for beginning Kindergarteners , I would love it ... but it 's way too far below someone going into 1st grade .
 Lots of clip arts , but the style and/or drawings are not good . It 's good if you only need it for elementary schools or kids drawings . From a business perspective , I do n't recommend them .
 this software is useless . it is a slow and a system resource hog . you can download dozens of free apps that do a better job than this for free .
 I expected more . If I could have rated it , O star , I would have.I ordered it mostly for the collage portion . I have a 10 year old MGI photosuite program that I like better .
 I bought the software -LRB- Digital Image Suite 2006 -RRB- before I bought my camera - to be ready to process the pictures I was going to take . A BIG MISTAKE.I bought a Canon 30D camera and record my images in RAW format -LRB- * . CR2 -RRB- . UNFORTUNATELY , not all Canon . CR2 RAW files are the same . So , even though the software says you can edit . CR2 RAW images , it depends on which camera made the image.Here is complaint number two - If you use Microsoft 's Customer Service/Technical Support you will be routed to India - and they will just give you a canned answer that is only vaguely related to your problem.After emailing several times and getting nowhere you will find out that you ca n't write to their Washington state headquarters unless you have the name of someone in the address.So , basically , Microsoft is the largest technical software company in the world with the worst customer service and no American technical support.Now , for the final complaint . There is no link or method to get updates or upgrades for this program ! So , if I want to use a Microsoft software package to edit my photo images then I will have to buy a new software package - is n't that wonderful .
 According to the Microsoft website , this product line has been discontinued . That does not mean that the 2006 version of this software is unavailable , just that there will not be new , upgraded editions coming out . Microsoft claims that features of this software are incorporated into the Vista operating system . I have been using this photo editing program within Vista and find , even as a novice photo-edutor , that it is very limited . You may want to explore more current photo editing options such as Photoshop Elements 7 .
 I can not find a anything to differentiate with Digital Image Pro 10 . Looks like the same program with new packaging .
 I wanted a simple product with a good red eye removal tool . This program does not do well with fixing red eye . Software did not come with a manual . I am computer literate yet I found this software not easy to navigate . I found HP Essentials which is a free download from the HP website to be a better program .
 I bought the software -LRB- Digital Image Suite 2006 -RRB- before I bought my camera - to be ready to process the pictures I was going to take.A BIG MISTAKE.I bought a Canon 30D camera and record my images in RAW format -LRB- * . CR2 -RRB- . UNFORTUNATELY , not all Canon . CR2 RAW files are the same . So , even though the software says you can edit . CR2 RAW images , it depends on which camera made the image.Here is complaint number two - If you use Microsoft 's Customer Service/Technical Support you will be routed to India - and they will just give you an answer that is vaguely related to your problem.After emailing several times and getting nowhere you will find out that you ca n't write to their Washington state headquarters unless you have the name of someone in the address.So , basically , Microsoft is the largest technical software company in the world with the worst customer service and no American technical support.Now , for the final complaint . There is no link or method to get updates or upgrades for this program ! So , if I want to use a Microsoft software package to edit my photo images then I will have to buy a new software package - is n't that wonderful .
 We purchased this software and tried to load on our XP machine which meets the system requirements . Upon loading the software we receive an `` overflow '' error '' . When I tried to contact Technical support via the number listed , I reached a real estate company . When I tried to contact them via the web , I was redirected to a large software which only provides online tech support and the title is not listed .
 I bought this to help me create basic landlord forms . I do not feel like I got my money 's worth at all . The `` Rental Application '' that it produced is just a few words in NotePad format . The Lease Agreement had only a few more features , and two of the values that the Wizard prompts you for do n't even print correctly in the document . If you really do n't want to spend $ 50 - $ 100 for the other software of this type -LRB- I did n't , that 's why I picked this one up at $ 20 -RRB- I suggest you get a book of legal document examples from your library and type the document yourself . That 's what I should have done .
 Have had this for over a year . Have used it only 10-15 times - spent most of the time debugging / getting thinge to work . Peeves : -LRB- a -RRB- outdated maps -LRB- b -RRB- Repeatedly locks up with Axim x51v -LRB- c -RRB- Infogation website boasts `` award winning '' -- try googling and you will see this is a ogus claim -LRB- d -RRB- their website claims v4 . Again , google it and you will realise this is v1 - branded as v4 . If you use the software , you will see that if this is v4 , they must be very very poor developers as most companies get things right by v3 . -LRB- e -RRB- A year ago , their support -LRB- responsive in autoreplies but useless in solving real issues -RRB- e-mailed me saying new release will be in a few weeks . It has been a 11 months now.I tend to give very reasonable reviews but this company stinks . Please try things really well before you buy . Or , stick with known brands like Garmin . I thought I was saving bucks last year when the $ 200 gps + software package was on black fri for $ 100 - ended up wasting $ 100 . Cheers !
 I had this game for my daughter back in the ' 90 's . It is a very educational game and promotes teaching kids how to type . However , when I recently bought another copy for my grandchildren I could not get it to download properly on an XP or Windows 7 machine . I 'm sure there may be a way to make this work but I could not find it . I would caution against ordering this unless you really know a great deal about formatting and computer programs OR you have an older -LRB- I mean Ancient , we 're talking Windows 3.1 or 95 -RRB- machine to put it on . It worked great on an old school Mac before Mac 's were cool again , circa 1994 .
 I really like the Kids ' Typing program , but was unable to use it with my updated computer . The product is no longer in production , so getting a newer version is not possible . If anyone has a PC from the 1980 's , and would like to use this product , I will sell it to you . Do not ask for it if your computer uses Windows 95 or above .
 I bought the product v09 for Christmas present . After installation replacing the previous version , I was no longer able to manage partitions or operating systems . The product freezes the computer . The tech support site says to turn off video driver resolution , but this did not work . Emails to tech support have gone unanswered for 3 months .
 I purchased Avanquest Partition Commander and it did not do what I needed . It also stated to send an email to get the upgrade to support Vista . I sent an email and never received anything back.The software states it has a money back guarantee . I sent the software back and have called them and emailed them to get a status on my refund . I have not been able to get a response via email . When I call it states they are in training or that they are closed and to call back during business hours . The reality is I am calling during their business hours . It does n't matter what number or who you try to get to.The Company is one BIG BLACK HOLE . Would not recommend purchasing any software from Avanquest . If you have problems , you are on your own .
 I have been configuring Windows systems for over 20 years . I used System Commander 7 years ago for some dual boot Linux systems and it was great.This version 9 is a nightmare . It will NOT work with Vista and after you buy it and go to the web site for support the site will tell you so.They offer a `` Vista compatible '' version you can download . It does n't work either.As of this writing , I have been waiting 10 days for my 24 hour email technical support response.If you are using Vista , use the built in disk manager . It works.If you are not yet using Vista - *** D O N ' T ****
 Before buying the Avanquest site is said Partition Commander 11 has Vista 32 and 64 bit support . But , the only version they keep sending me is the 32 bit version . The 32 bit version does not work on a 64 bit computer . Technical support sent 64 bit links that only download the 32 bit version . I get the feeling there IS N'T a 64 bit version . So , I contacted my CC company to stop payment . Hope you have better luck .
 This program does NOT SUPPORT windows 7 or Windows Vista!See the link below if you really want to know the mechanics of the boot process . -LSB- ... -RSB- This was once a great program back in the 90s when VCOM still owned it . Unfortunately they sold it to Avanquest . Windows 7 and Windows Vista have a completely different boot loader set up then prior versions of Windows like Windows XP or Windows 95 . This program can not boot Windows 7 or Windows Vista . Unfortunately to install it you have to load into a 32-bit OS like Windows XP.While you can still buy this program new from Amazon it 's not offered anymore by Avanquest . I recommend you look at a boot loader that 's designed to work with Windows 7 like Easy BCD from Neosmart Technologies . Easy BCD will run out of any Windows . It 's very simple to set up a triple boot with Windows 7 , Windows XP and Ubuntu Linux or most other versions of Linux . The program is free for home use . Easy BCD also has a good support forum . The program supports all versions of Windows , DOS 6 , and all the major flavors of Linux.Take it from a Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer -LRB- MCSE+I -RRB- . Setting up multiple operating systems on multiple partitions is difficult . It 's a lot easier if you get a boot loader that can handle multiple operating systems that works correctly and has support .
 In the last 30 days while being fully covered by System Suite , we have been infected with two viruses . We upgraded to SS9 and now our entire network is dysfunctional and we are losing operational ability as I write this . Avanquest does not respond . Their firewall is shutting itself off and on and it is blocking addressess that are common and allowing hackers . Stay away from these folks . I 'm unloading this program from 260 machines today at my own expense in order to protect my customers from this product . This is costing me thousands ...
 Works in slow motion only ... Distributor will not issue refund because the shrink wrap has been opened ... Duh
 I do n't recommend this product . If Firewall has bugs and blocks all traffic , then you pay them for help to fix it . I down loaded Firewall 3 in Aug 2002 . I had constant problems with it . It locked up my internet access , blocked my computer constantly from accessing the internet , and the online support comments were vague . FireWall had features for VPN and UDP protocols but were not supported , but you could turn it off . If you did not turn it off the firewall blocked all traffic . The only way to restore internet access was to re-boot . In Nov 2002 the preferences suddenly would no longer remain set . I tried the online patch and it did not correct the problem . I decided to cut my losses , and remove the program . Firewall set some switches , which block internet traffic , when the product was removed it did not release the setting and left my browser -LRB- both Netscape and IE -RRB- blocked from accessing the internet . I spent 25 hours troubleshooting the removal ... I do n't recommend McAfee Firewall under any circumstances ...
 At the time of this writing I have had Firewall 4.0 up and running for two weeks . In the two years I have had my computer , they have been the most frustrating two weeks . In my view Firewall 4.0 is a very poor platform at this time . Since I installed it I have been to their support forum ... many times detailing problems . In general it does not work with standby mode enabled , does not allow me to view secure web sites without shutting it off , and my system in general has become unstable . To add insult to injury , they know they have problems with this product and provide patches that cause more harm than good . ...
 The best thing I will say about this version of `` McAfee Firewall '' is that it is compatible with all the Windows Operating Systems , starting with ' 95 . However , McAfee has not done enough in order to alleviate the problems that were notoriously inherent in the previous version.Expect this Firewall to destabilize your system . Once you install it , you have little control over it . It is the software , -LRB- and not its user -RRB- , that decides what to allow in , and what to deny access to the PC . Attempting to reconfigure it often worsens the problem . Its VPN and UDP protocol features have no support.Bear in mind that it is very difficult to completely uninstall this Firewall , once you have installed it . And when the nightmares start , McAfee will choose to offer minimal support ; but then , advises you to purchase ` McAfee Uninstaller ' in order to remove it from your computer . An annoying trick , I would say!In a nutshell , acquiring this Firewall is a big gamble , which I will not recommend .
 The most pathetic excuse I have ever seen for customer service . After regretfully paying -LRB- in advance -RRB- with a credit card , I was provided with a number to call and a PIN number to use . When I attempted to call the number , I was never connected with anyone EXCEPT a telephone company recording that `` my call did not go through '' this continued for 2 days . When I called the customer support number -LRB- at my own cost -RRB- to ask for a good number for Technical Support , I was on hold for 30 minutes before I got a chance to speak to a representative . When someone answered the phone , I was told to use the same 900 number that was recited over and over while I was on hold . I refused to accept that because I had contacted the web site previously and would have ended up paying TWICE for a service that should be provided for free . It was at this point the fellow on the other end asked me what number I was trying to call previously . When he told me that the number provided by their website was incorrect , I wanted to reach through the telephone lines and , well I 'll let you use your imagination ... . It 's pretty obvious that McA FEE does n't care at all about support , and if they ca n't even do something as simple as give a good number on their website , how can they fix their own darned program . I 'm from St. Louis and I would try to fly by jumping off the top of the Gateway Arch before I would give McA FEE one more cent ! If you purchase their product after reading about this experience , you deserve every bit of trouble you encounter .
 I can not figure out how to get McAfee 's Firewall product to automatically enable when I boot my PC . It really should automatically boot , rather than have to be enabled everytime the PC is booted . McAfee 's FAQ section on their website does not answer that question , and in fact , it seems that McAfee 's customer support strategy is to force customer to pay an annual fee of $ $ or to pay $ per minute for customer service calls . BAD , BAD , BAD , AVOID THIS PRODUCT AND AVOID MCAFEE .
 You ca n't resize the console . The manual has a couple of mistakes . There is no `` Enable port scan detection check '' . I think it 's referring to `` Detect port scanning activity '' . I was tricked by a marketing ploy to buy it to my regret . What a waste - Tom
 i can not get this firewall to run at all , very unimpressed . mcafee firewall 3 is a dud
 This program did n't work even once for me . It took 5 trips to the help website just to get it loaded as it would freeze my computer at startup . Then after it was loaded my computer was very unstable and would n't let me access the web most of the time . The help website is very polite but just recommends different `` fixes '' based on how your complaint fits into a algorithm . ...
 Hated it !! I do n't have enough room to describe where McAfee went wrong with this . I bought it , thinking that it was a program designed to work in the backgrounds and do basically do it 's thing . Not true !! I had to make a decision about almost every little thing . I consider myself to be very computer literate -LRB- using one , that is -RRB- ... but fixing/repairing/troubleshooting one is a whole different ballgame ! For someone who does n't really know what they 're doing ` under the hood ' , this program can be dangerous -LRB- for the computer and the user -RRB- . I switched to Norton Internet Security 2003 and am very happy . It blocks attacks , files spam -LRB- as per my direction -RRB- , notifies me of potential attacks but does what it 's supposed to do behind the scenes . It does n't ask me if I want to do this or that with the Interface of whatever whatever ... how should I know ? I just want to use the darn computer , not repair it !
 Do n't buy this Suite . It 'll mess you up big time . McAfee rushed it out . It 's very buggy to the point of possible damage to your system . It 's worse than any virus , popup or intrusion!I spent 9 hours installing on a vanilla W2000 computer . 2 hours on hold to get tech support , another hour doing runarounds , to no avail . Problem is in 2 modules -- Privacy Service and Spam Killer . You 'll get the Blue screen of death when you boot -LRB- UNEXPECTED_KERNEL_TRAP_MODE -RRB- . After many hours , I succeeded installing on another computer only to discover that my POP3 e-mail would not work on either Netscape or Mozilla browser , and I could not surf or receive e-mail until I disabled Privacy Service . I decided this was not the product for me , and tried to ask for refund . After 2 round trips on the phone to The Phillipines and another 2 hours , mostly on hold , I just got disgusted and asked my credit card company to dispute the purchase . I am returning it and surfing to find a better suite .
 Ditto all the above negative reviews . I only supplied this review in an attempt to bring the average even lower . There is a long list of problems with this software and nothing good to come with them . You are better off going unprotected in this computer world because the consequences of getting a virus are still less aggravating then trying to get this piece of crap software running smoothly .
 On a new Dell running Microsoft XP , it caused the computer to hang . I did a re-install of the operating system and loaded McAfee again . Same problem . The product just does n't work and the online `` help '' is useless .
 I ca n't say enough bad things about my experience with this software . -LRB- If you decide to try it be sure to backup your system before starting - you 'll need it . -RRB- The installation software will probably crash , leaving you in a half-installed limbo . You will be able to get the software installed but this is only the beginning of your problems . You will not be able to receive email without manually fixing a conflict between the Privacy Service and Virus Scan components . You will have to disable the popup blocker if you want to follow links in email from some popular mailing lists like ZDNet . Compuserve now greets me with six error messages before completing login . Everything is slower with ISS 6.0 - either get used to it or be prepared to disable much of the functionality you paid for . Finally , you wo n't be able to play Microsoft Solitaire without killing a process or two . Good luck trying to uninstall the software ; there does n't seem to be either a program or instructions to help you do it . You can call them for $ 2.95 a minute , but given the number of problems you 're likely to have you will be paying a fortune only to end up -LRB- at best -RRB- with a substandard product and vague promises of fixes . I suspect that customer support is the true source of their profit on this product . AVOID THIS PRODUCT !
 If you want Xp to crash with a blue screen of death when someone sends you a file across the LAN and to have emails with attachments bigger than 50k fail and to spend all day setting options that the program does n't remember then go ahead ... . waste your money!Oh and uninstalling is very easy if you are good at editing the registry manuallyNever again will I tread the mcafee path
 After my husband got a virus on his notebook , I decided to purchase this based on my happiness with McAfee Virus Scan 7.0 and other products from McAfee . Unfortunately , I did not go to my favorite site `` amazon.com '' to see what the real folks thought of this . That was a critical error.I am an IT professional and my husband is not computer literate beyond the ability to surf the internet . So , with our diverse range of skills , in less that two days , both our our notebooks VERY FULLY SECURE FROM THE INTERNET . Sounds good , ha ? Well , if I had fully disconnected both systems from all networks , then I would have achieved the same result
 This has to be the absolute worst software I 've ever purchased , no kidding . I wish i could give it a negative star rating , one star is way to much for this piece of junk . The firewall is a joke , even when you tell it to allow an action and remember , it keeps asking over and over until you just have to turn the stupid thing off . It does n't block any pop-ups , ca n't update virus definitions . Actually , it does n't seem to do anything except add frustration and irritation to computing . Thanks Mcafee , from another customer you cheated out of $ 69.95 plus tax . If you want a good firewall , download ZoneAlarm ... it 's free . Also , PC-cillin is a good antivirus program and and is reasonably priced . I wish I 'd know these things before I wasted my money on this one .
 Just like their utilities package I bought about 3 years ago , this product literally brings your pc to it 's knees!I have used Norton utilities , norton anti virus and norton systemworks 2001 through 2003 . Norton has never messed up any of my systems like mcafee has.The latest norton systemworks 2003 professional and the norton internet security 2003 integrate seamlessly.I would go with norton for both utilities , internet security and anti-virus . Mcafee 's virus scan works , but the rest leaves MUCH to be desired !
 This is the second Mcafee `` bundle '' of software utilities that I bought and which did not work . Made things worse!My biggest complaint is that you ca n't really determine how good or bad this product really is , due to the fact that it SUCKS THE LIFE right out of your pc.My P4-2 .2 Ghz appeared to be locked up , but the mouse still moved.Bringing up TASK MGR I was able to kill off the Mcafee processes and regain control of my pc . In fact , the cpu processing usage dropped from 100 % down to 20 or 30 % , as soon as the mcafee processes were stopped.I recommend either Norton Systemworks 2003 Pro or else V-com Systemsuite 5.0 . Both a very similar in functioning and features . I have used both Norton systemworks andV-com Systemsuite and both work great , detect/remove virus ' , defrag and repair drive problems.Note : Systemsuite 5 gives you a firewall , whereas Norton systemworks 2003 pro does not . For Norton 's firewall , you must buy anothere package .
 This is the worst peice of trash I have ever put on my computer . It does n't update , it does n't protect against viruses , it does n't stop trojon attacks . NOTHING ! I hate typing in a stupid password everytime I log in ! I just want to play some silly games people ! I do n't need this password -LSB- stuff -RSB- . I know for a fact that the instant you get online hackers are ready to break your password . IT DOESN `` T WORK PEOPLE ! The online update is a joke , you spend an hour getting it to download 900 KILO bytes you heard me KILO bytes-and then only to be given one of those stupid pop up messages saying `` do you want to install and run this program '' and the certificate is outdated by two weeks ! GET WITH THE PROGRAM < MCAFEE , we do n't need to see these -LSB- stupid -RSB- messages at all-and for updating a security program for gosh sakes ! This is the thing the experts warn us about and you require us to say `` YES '' to the pop up . NO WAY I 'm just going to return your product were I got it and go back to NOrton , they are n't great , but they are better than you !
 Worst software product ever . Here are the problems McAfee Internet Security has created for me
 I 've used Zone Alarm , Norton Internet Security and now -LSB- regretfully -RSB- McAfee Internet Security . McAfee Internet Security is cripled by its lack of information and capabilities . Norton 's product is by far superior.The alert boxes nor activity log tell you the full details of the remote IP address or ports not anything about the local communication . This becomes important , because , you might be perfectly comfortable having Internet Explorer access a web site on port 80 , but freak out if Internet Explorer was allowed to share you files with `` web folders '' on a different TCP/UDP port.In addition , data is displayed in hexadecimal format with no interpretation . Even as network professional , I do n't have the binary format of IP packets memorized.My advice is to skip this product and go directly for Norton Internet Security .
 I bought this off the web when the `` Yaha '' virus somehow got through my Norton Antivirus and Internet Security suite , because the McAfee site had a `` stinger '' program to root out the `` Yaha '' virus . However , since downloading it on my Dell Pentium IV desktop running Windows XP , it has become instable , freezing up . Now , whether this is a McAfee problem , a Microsoft Problem , or a Netscape Problem -LRB- I started getting errors indicating Netscape 7.01 problems soon after installing McAfee Internet Security and updating Netscape to 7.01 . Who knows where the fault lies , but McAfee seems to be part of the problem . Admittedly , if Windows XP was doing its job right as the operating system , it would n't allow this kind of thing , now matter how problematically applications might be coded . That said , the McAfee interface was more user friendly when installing , and made different degrees of access easier than Norton had . It also did appear to catch the Yaha virus when Norton apparently did n't , so it does appear to have some positive features , if only my PC was n't unstable now .
 Whenever I install a new , untested firewall I got to the Shields Up ! website to test for vulnerabilities and open ports : https://grc.com/x/ne.dll?bh0bkyd2I also do this on a monthly basis as a security measure for my PC . When testing this product AFTER configuring the firewall for maximum security and ensuring I had no applications using any open ports , McAfee had 3 PORTS that were shown as OPEN when tested by Shields Up ! , not as stealthed , not as even closed . According to the Shields Up ! website , the firewall at the very least should have notiifed me of open port -LRB- s -RRB- . It did n't . Also , I setup the antirvirus for real-time protection and automatic updating . Yet , whenever I did a weekly virus scan , it found new viruses . These viruses were not discovered AS they were introduced to my system , only after the fact in a routine scan , during which time they could have attached themselves to emails or damaged important files . I have since installed a FREE firewall , now all of my ports are now fully stealthed . Another antivirus program found TWO undiscovered viruses after I uninstalled McAfee . I went to the store and got my money back .
 We purchased this product after we subscribed to a DSL service and were flooded with pop-up adds even when our browser was closed . While this product certainly stopped that , it has been a complete pain in the arse to browse the internet with . It prevents us from accessing our e-mail account with SBC unless we turn off both the security and the firewall -LRB- what 's the point then ?! -RRB- and it prevents us from accessing web sites that we want to access . Supposedly , we should be able to add those sites to a safe list , but even after doing so , we 're unable to access the sites unless we disable the product in its entirety.I 've spent more time trying to adjust our personal settings with McAfee than I spent dealing with pop-up adds . As much as it kills me that we wasted $ 75.00 , I am going out today to buy Norton 's product . We just ca n't handle this product any more.In all fairness to McAfee , from an installation standpoint , the product worked great . We had no problems with Windows XP , nor did we experience any slow-down with our laptop .
 I 've used McAfee for years . Both as a network administrator and at home . I 'm now giving up on McAfee . I 'm tired of lock ups , reboots , etc. etc. . I could go on and on . Currently using Zone Labs trial version and a trial version of Norton . I 'm very please so far . Probably will not use Norton Firewall due to other opinions here.Maybe McAfee will get it right one day . I 've been too patient . I 'm trying something else . I suggest you consider the same .
 I bought this after my 90 day free trial to Virus Scan and Firewall ended from Dell . I figured it also included the Privacy Service , but should n't be that much different than it 's component programs . WRONG ! It has been an absolute nightmare for the past 2 weeks . Every time you try to go to a website -LRB- Yahoo as the most notable example -RRB- , it keeps popping up windows saying Yahoo is placing a direct cookie on your system , do you wish to allow ? Even after selecting to allow direct cookies from the site , and that I recognize the site and not to ask again , I continue to get at least 7-12 more pop-ups asking the exact same question for the site ! This happens for most retail sites as well . -LRB- Just trying to get to the product page here on Amazon has been a nightmare ! -RRB- It has also twice since installation said that the Virus Scan files were corrupt and had to be reinstalled , which would not work automatically from the setup program . This program is much more trouble than it is worth . Stick with Norton AntiVirus !
 Extremely complicated ... . Ineffective ... . Made my XP system very unstable ... Some pop-ups still get through ... System choked to a crawl while stopping other pop-ups ... Just plain awful . GARBAGE .
 Nightmare ! My computer took over , did n't let me logon as adminstrator - would n't even prompt for password . Could n't update or even uninstall the damn thing . After digging through the adminstrator functions in windows , I was finally able to turn `` hal '' off and free up my computer.Naturally , the techinical service area was closed ... and then I got directed to the web-site . Which HAL had closed off all internet access ... arrgh !
 I had a copy of this running in WIN 2000 & it worked fine . I changed machines & installed it with XP & it never worked . I kept getting error messages when I booted up my Outlook . My husband 's computer -LRB- on a Dell installed version -RRB- kept catching viruses on the same messages -LRB- luckily I did not open any of the suspicious attachments -RRB- . After uninstalling & reinstalling several times to no avail , I contacted McAfee support -LRB- by instant messaging -RRB- . The first tech support took 30 minutes & no sucess - basically telling me to uninstall by hand about 15 files & then reboot . The second time on tech support , I spent 45 minutes trying to convince some idiot that the program was NOT working - finally forwarded one of the virus messages to him & his `` LAB '' . Wow , I was right !!!! His fix that took another 30 minutes included a reboot -LRB- so I lost touch with him -RRB- & did not work . I am giving up & buying something else , my time is more valuable that this !
 I 'm a systems administrator and we 've been using McAfee on our systems at work for years without any trouble . So when my Norton subscription ran out last week I decided to switch to McAfee . Bad move.After installing , Outlook 2000 did n't work at all and overall system performance was pitiful . It would take nearly 30 seconds just to start Internet Explorer.So I got online with McAfee 's tech support chat and let them talk me through their support flow chart -LRB- these people are zombies/robots ... -RRB- . I 'd end up with new problems every time we made a change . After five days of errors and slow performance I 'm giving up and getting a refund .
 After downoading and installing the software for both the Firewall and the Virus Scan I was unable to use my sync software -LRB- Active Sync 3.5 -RRB- for my IPAQ . After spending an hour with the online chat-support at McAfee the only resolution was to disable the firewall to get a a partial sync on my IPAQ . I still kept getting the message
 It does not uninstall correctly , if you should happen to reinstall windows , and try to get virusscan to update it does really wierd things .
 Virusscan 7 is big disappointment over the previous versions . The interface is clunkier , the background scanner often experiences a massive memory leak , which will eat up 700MB of Ram/Swap space before crashing , and it 's a pain to get to the advanced options.But my biggest problem was that if you EXPLICITELY opt to not install the firewall , Mcafee still puts a rudimentary filter in -LRB- just no GUI -RRB- that has a tenacious ability to hose your internet settings . Windows will complain that it is unable to create sockets , and as a result many server applications will not work -LRB- Apache , Telnet -RRB- .
 I upgraded from 6.0 which I liked . Initially this product pops up every day with a dialog box which must then be dismissed , asking if you would like to upgrade your product . If you say yes , it takes you to a promotional page which does not actually provide upgrades . Then a couple months ago , a software upgrade included `` Security Center '' . With this , the promotional popups grew worse . This included a `` Security rating '' which is nothing more than an index of how much McAffee stuff you have and NOT how secure your system really is . They make it look more `` scientific '' with numbers such as `` 5.8 '' if you have virus scan and not the rest , but this is not a real metric.The software is very intrusive and interferes with using my computer.I have had NUMEROUS dialogs with McAfee to turn off these undesirable features . They do not read the complaint , provide incorrect information , question whether I purchased it -LRB- I did and from their page -RRB- and generally not even really acknowledge what is wrong.I have nine months left to go on the update subscription . I am ripping it out and buying Norton . . that 's how much I hate it .
 Unfortunately , I get a lot of viruses sent to me by mail . I use the Eudora Light mail client . McAfee VirusScan discovers the viruses Ok , but that 's unfortunately not the end of the story . For each single incoming virus , this is what happens
 this product is the worst thing i have put on my computer to date . it installed ok but when i tried to update it lock up . it also caused problems with internet explorer and would not allow my home page to load . worst of all there is no support other than paying big $ for phone help or waiting for hours for email . they have chat support but it did not work correctly . i ended up buying norton and it works great so far .
 What a waste of time & money . I downloaded & installed the product & then when I scanned my computer it said I had a few viruses , but it could n't delete or quarantine them . Also , around this time the Mcafee icon & shortcut disappeared from my desktop . Tried the on-line support , but after waiting 1 hour gave up . Called the phone support -LRB- which costs $ 2.95 / minute -RRB- and the technician helped me delete the viruses -LRB- very complicated & the call took 20 min -RRB- ; then I was going to have to reinstall Mcafee . It did n't work -LRB- & of course I was off the phone help line by then -RRB- ! I spent many hours seaching the Mcafee website for helpful info and searching through my computer c drive uninstalling Mcafee so I could reinstall it . It never worked , I kept getting different error messages . . Mcafee is like a virus itself getting in and causing different system problems . I then went to on-line support where I waited 21/2 hours in queue until I got a technician who lead me thru a few steps & then told me to reboot -LRB- even though I told her I would loose her , she reassured me the problem would now be solved -RRB- . It was n't and she was gone ! Even their credit card refund request site would not work right ! I thought the problems might be specific to Windows ME system , but from the other reviews it does n't seem to be . Worst product I have ever purchased on-line ; I want back my 10 hours I spent trying to get it to work . If you are thinking of buying this product , do n't , you 'll be sorry ! After reading the reviews of different products , I am going to get PC-cillin instead .
 I lived happily with McAfee 5 for over two years and once I got a cable modem , downloads were a breeze . Then they told me my time was up so I decided to upgrade to McAfee 7 . Well , I could n't even download it ! When I pushed the download button on their website , my Internet Explorer went down -LRB- note that my connection did not go down and I have a cable modem , so it was n't call waiting -RRB- . This happened FIVE TIMES !!! So I turned to the online chat help twice for an hour each time with two useless people -LRB- Steve Samson , you should be flipping burgers -RRB- who did nothing but spit out canned responses and ignore reading/comprehending what I had written . For example , you start off saying what version of Internet Explorer you 're running and Windows 98 , blah , blah and two lines later these robots are asking you for the same information . Their suggestions indicated that they had no real understanding of how their software relates to things like operating systems or browsers . I finally asked for a refund . This was after trying to download with Netscape Navigator too -LRB- also crashed -RRB- . I have downloaded software and lots of other stuff from the Internet with no problems , so it scares me that these clowns think that I should be regularly downloading updates from them . NO WAY ! Stay the heck away from my computer !
 I could never get this to work . I tried several times and even sent an email which was never answered . This product now sits dormant , and will probably never be used . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I bought the utility in attempt to clean out invalid program/application links embedded in my Win2000 Registry . It identified 39 , of which I only felt comfortable deleting one of them . By contrast I download the demo for Registry First Aid and it identified several hundred invalid links to programs/applications . - The word LAME comes to mind when I think about QuickClean 3.0 . Do n't waste your money !
 The main problem with this is that the majority of the tasks it performs can just as easily be done using the Windows XP system tools or Help and Support center . Also , you could seriously harm your system if you do n't know exactly what you 're doing . Fails to detect spyware ; Lavasoft 's AdAware is much better . I suppose QuickClean would be fine if it were much cheaper , but it is definitely not worth the price .
 Expression Web -LRB- and the whole expression studio -RRB- shows promise in one day being the best web design toolset available . But this 1st version is bound to frustrate two types -- Front page fans and Vista users.In regards to the Front page fans -- the days of being able to visually design a fully functional professional looking web page appear to be over . CoffeeCup and Sitespinner come as close as anything , but both are very limited . Control of the technologies employed across the web -LRB- html , css , flash , ajax , php , dot.net , sql , with plenty more to come -RRB- appears beyond the reach of any one product or company . I do n't particularly like it . Monopolies have their upside . I would pay dearly for a decent visual web design/development program that was truly WYSIWYG , but having searched for well over two years , I 've concluded none exist or are on the horizon . Web developers simply have to accept using multiple programs and text editing for certain tasks.That said , as a hybrid visual/text web production tool -LRB- along the lines of Dreamweaver -RRB- Expression web offers a lot . I found its drag-and-drop functionality , its preview capabilities , its css/php integration , its handling of imported objects , superior to that of Dreamweaver . As the expression studio evolves , I can easily see it rivaling/surpassing Adobe design suite in terms of workflow and inter-operability -- particularly as it promises better compatibility with the rest of Office.BUT ... the * & ^ !!! thing is still basically in its beta phase . -LRB- Pay $ 200 to be beta tester !?! -RRB- . It is seriously buggy and it does not like Vista with Office installed . The help files do n't work . It will constantly reinstall and reconfigure itself upon startup . It will crash a lot . I have seen ZERO improvement in these problems over the past 8 months and have tried numerous improvised fixes suggested on web forums without any luck . Microsoft appears to be gearing everything toward a 2nd release of the expression studio that integrates it with its new rival to flash -LRB- silverlight -RRB- , rather than fixing the buggy as heck 1st version . This has been supremely annoying , and likely has soured many of the studio 's potential adopters .
 This is not for the average comsumer . This product is designed for the professional web designer . Not for the end consumer as advertised . Many areas required knowledge of codes . I am going back to Frontpage 2003 til support stops . Expressions is much to difficult for my needs .
 Although I am not an IT person by trade , I consider to be myself relatively computer savvy . I bought Expression Web as I have a large website that I had created in FrontPage and wanted software that was compatible with FrontPage since FrontPage is being discontinued.Expression Web comes with a training video . I was able to view some of the sessions . But other key sessions `` got stuck '' and would not play . I went to the website and followed the troubleshooting instructions to no avail . I have a computer that is less than 6 months old and meets the hardware requirements and have the current version of the media software . So , bottom line , the training video did n't really help.The software itself has no tutorial and is not intuitive . I was able to load my website in from FrontPage but many of the elements appeared to be static and I could not move them and I could only delete them.For what this software costs , I would expect that it would have a robust help and tutorial section to help people get started . This software seems to be at a level for advanced web developers , not FrontPage users as recommended on the Microsoft website .
 I bought this because I had a website in frontpage that is being discontinued by Microsoft . I watched the tutorial which was just an overview ... but when I have tried to watch it again to study it ... it is frozen up . It is not my computer because it is new and top of the line . I called the company that produced it -LRB- a microsoft vendor -RRB- and they have yet to get back with me with the resolution.This program is extremely more complicated than frontpage and does not have a simple way to learn exactly how and when to use all of the many features . It seem like 3 programs in one overlayed on top of each other .
 Microsoft has made some real improvements over the horrible FrontPage series ... but it 's amazing how many bugs this thing has . I 've been using it for a couple months now , and besides the fairly frequent hangs , it 'll occasionally undo the changes you just made when you save , has difficulties pasting in from a Word document , and creates and absurd amount of junk CSS at the top of your page by default . I frankly do n't need an entirely new CSS class if I want to bold and italicize one word on a page , yet it 'll create one and throw it at the top , so if you do a lot of formatting , you 'll have a mountain of junk CSS in your header . It does handle CSS a million times better than FrontPage which offered virtually no support , but it still has a LONG way to go and probably should 've been subjected to a couple more months of Beta testing before this release .
 I have used Microsoft Frontpage for a number of years . Basically to produce simple websites for local Schools or Societies that felt they needed a web presence . The major convienience of FrontPage was its simplicity and usefull design templates , essentially using FrontPage was like using a wordprocessor . When this came out as an upgrade to FrontPage I bought it . The problem is this is too professional , essentially it functions like Dreamweaver . If you want to make professional websites for a living fine . However , if all you want to do is produce a simple information providing website , without all the Javascript bits and bobs , then stick with FrontPage .
 I 'm very disappointed in the new Expression Web from Microsoft . I 've been using it for several months now , and thought I needed a book because I was having trouble finding things -LRB- like the list of templates Front Page provided -RRB- . It turns out that they were never there in the first place ! This program has less than Front Page -LRB- its predecessor -RRB- and is much more complex to use . I might as well get with the professional web designers and switch to Dream Weaver . Boooooooo Microsoft !
 I 've been building web pages using Frontpage since its first release . I 've upgraded all the way through 2003 . I thought upgrading to Expression was a good idea , but it has been nothing but frustrating.I 'm not a novice . I work in Photoshop to build my own graphics for all my websites - personal and professional - never used a template in Frontpage . I built everything from the ground up , and I found Expression to be an exercise in tooth gnashing . Nothing works the way it should.The help files are useless , and unless you want to pay for video tutoring on line you 're left in the cold . I 've bought two books , and neither was much help either . If I tried to build anything more complex than a basic html page , it failed . The CSS would n't attach . The files would n't read each other once they were on the server.This morning I went back to Frontpage 2003 . I can edit the CSS files the old fashioned way there - the way that works .
 NO COA ON THE PACKAGEWEB REGISTRATION NUMBER DID NOT WORKTHEN KNEW IT WAS THE TRIAL VERSIONAZ SHOULD DO SOMETHING ABOUT THISNONSENSE AND WASTE OF TIME
 I spent the money and I am not stupid but this I was not able to master so I paid a professional . Does n't mean I wo n't continue trying but not friendly like I thought .
 Is a most complicate software that I see in my life , the process to installation is not easy to understand , the manual is complicated , not received a good help when you contact customer support , I am not recommend this product , the CD came with some scratches .
 Install ran maybe 45 minutes . Then a window comes up for XSetup.exe , saying Application has generated an exception that could not be handled . -LRB- some computer gibberish about process id -RRB- Click OK to terminate the application.Ok , so it ca n't handle it . But , why scan my entire hard drive looking for things to put into a convenience folder ? Why not just ask me , a -RRB- is it ok to do so , and b -RRB- where would a reasonable place be to look in.No , have to do it the M$ way , just search the entire 250G of disk , then crash.Uninstall time.This dog does n't hunt .
 I bought a new Presario 2800T to run Suse 8.0 Pro and its a total dog . I 've done several installs and it still ca n't run my laptop worth a damn . It constantly hangs . It ca n't even determine if my computer is SMP or single processor . I 've had to reinstall Xfree86 , take PCMCIA out of the kernel , reconfigure alsa on a regular basis . Hey , Suse did you even test this in a Compaq ? I ca n't believe your making money with this . I 'm going to have to dump Suse and try Redhat .
 I must say I did not try version Suse 8 , but based on my experience with former versions -LRB- and hundreds of dollars spent -RRB- , Suse 5.1 , 5.3 , 6.2 , which ALL claimed easy installation , `` a lot of software '' etc. etc. , I would be very suspicious about ANY claim in ANY Linux distribution -LRB- I tried Mandrake 7.2 as well as some others -RRB- . The point is
 I `` upgraded '' from SuSE 7.2 to 8.0 only to encounter a lot ofbugs . Things that worked nicely in 7.2 no longer worked . Here isa brief list of problems I encountered : configures system to run at level 4 ! after upgradefails to detect hardware that was previously -LRB- 7.2 -RRB- handled correctly -LRB- ethernet card , TV-tuner , sound system -RRB- Misconfigures X11 to claim low resolution graphics options whilerunning in high res-mode -LRB- which is unavailable from its configuration tool , Yast2 -RRB- Apache web server has scripts with typosKDE menus very disorganized , redundant and inconsistentKDE customization broken as delivered -LRB- you need to online update first unless you like to redo your customization evry time -RRB- Prarallel printer driver broken -LRB- their `` free installation support '' considers a non-functional printer to be part of asuccessful installation
 I must say I did not try version Suse 8 , but based on my experience with former versions -LRB- and hundreds of dollars spent -RRB- , Suse 5.1 , 5.3 , 6.2 , which ALL claimed easy installation , `` a lot of software '' etc. etc. , I would be very suspicious about ANY claim in ANY Linux distribution -LRB- I tried Mandrake 7.2 as well as some others -RRB- . The point is
 Having been reasonably happy with SuSE Linux 7.3 and all the functionality and programs SuSE puts into their product , I thought 8.0 would live up to its hype admirably.Oops.I ran into some problems which should not have happened . My USB mouse , which worked perfectly during the install of SuSE Linux 8 , stopped operating after the final reboot . -LRB- The USB mouse worked perfectly under SuSE Linux 7.3 , so this is a new bug they inadvertantly created . -RRB- Worse , 3D acceleration ca n't be set for my video card -LRB- ATI Radeon -RRB- - it keeps reverting to `` Disabled '' . It could in v7 .3 . Again , another new bug in SuSE Linux 8 . I purchased a GeForce 3 video card , and although SuSE 8 detected the new card without fail , I could n't properly enable 3d acceleration either.Worst of all is SuSE 's support . I registered the product and asked for help , knowing I 'd have 90 days of free support . They have yet to respond , it 's been days ! They should have responded by now ... perhaps they 're overwhelmed with complaints . I am looking into a refund as these problems are unacceptable , but I doubt I 'll get one . I will likely try Red Hat v7 .3 next . SuSE used to be great , but I 'm not sure anymore .
 While suse boast about the new product , itis far from perfect . It does not recognize USB2 CDRWs . It recognized it when the usb zip was not installed . Also the USB printer is unstable . WHen I called the number for support . I got nothing . Also the I emailed them and got nothing . I guess they have joined Microsoft in putting out bad product and not caring . I do not recommend this product to anyone . I was a loyal user of SUse but not anymore . Will try RedHat because SUSe -LSB- stinks -RSB- !!!
 I installed McAfee Virus Scan and developed intermittent problems with other software . It also occasionally prevented the printer from working and disabled Cookie Cop . I have since used AVG -LRB- free program -RRB- and Norton AntiVirus with no problems.McAfee 's support was terrible .
 I 'm on my second day of trying to get this installed . It 's the WORST experience I 've ever had with software . It caused my computer to crash several times . First time I installed the Home Edition did n't appear . I had to uninstall/reinstall . Then the Firewall did n't appear . Had to do same thing . Then ... on and on .
 I had McAfee version 7 on my computer for one year . I updated to Version 8 according to their instructions and have had nothing but problems since.Their technical support is all but non existent . Now I ca n't delete the software . It has an insert disk box popping up everytime the computer resarts , their shredder option has disappeared , I 'm getting runtime script errors and I keep getting booted of my internet connection.Their only technical support is through email , chat or $ 2.95 aminute on the phone . I have gotten no where with the first two options . I ca n't afford to spend $ 2.95 a minute on the third option.They have apretty goood racket going . They sell you the product , do n't take responsibility for it and then want to charge you to fix what they messed up .
 The support is the worst you could ever concieveably imagine . The product is average , but it is the support that really makes this a one star . Imagine how much effort gets put into creating software if they 're this lousy at communication .
 I recently was forced into installing QuickClean as it comes bundled with Virus Scan and Firewall . After an upgrade of those two products that have worked just fine , I discovered QuickClean cleverly wipes out your `` Sent Email '' folder . Do you store mail in there , mail you refer to for documentation , back up and to see what you may have , or have not sent a client ? Gone , wiped out , totally non-recoverable according to McAfee ... not only that , ever had to use your System Restore feature ? I thought that would be a way for me to undo this disastrous `` upgrade . '' Forget it , QuickClean wipes that out too . Gone , poof . No System Restore points . I am switching back to `` the other guys . ''
 This was the biggest waste of money ! The program does not work like it should and they dont return emails when you have a problem ! Save your money and look elsewhere for a program that works ! You get what you pay for !
 1 -RRB- Broderbund appears to use consistently cheap disks
 when i recieved the product i thought it 's goin to be great , but it was a nightmare to spend all that amount of money , it didnt work it wasnt upgrading my cool edit pro 2.1 it was tataly useless so i contacted the seller and he offered making it up for me but antil this time he didnt .
 Prohibited SoftwareAs per Amazon.com Policies , only full retail versions of software may be sold through Amazon.com . Additionally , please be aware that OEM , academic , promotional , beta , NFR , back-up , recopied , and freeware & shareware versions of software are prohibited.Sellers can not verify academic eligibility of customers since policies prohibit this and they are violating thier agreements with Microsoft . I reported this to Microsoft and they are investigating and possible impacts to customers purchasing this product . Please call Microsoft if you do not believe me.Amazon.com is violating their own policies and sell directly to customers . Maybe their own policies do not apply to themselves.refer to Help > Selling at Amazon.com > Policies & Agreements > Community Rules > Seller Offenses & Prohibited Contentreview Help > Selling at Amazon.com > Policies & Agreements > Community Rules > Selling Software
 In the world of fast connections , this product claims to maximize the speed of dial-up 's and fails miserably . In fact it does not seems to do anything . There was no improvement to the dial speed and also change the settings did not seem to improve anything . I do not recommend this product to anyone . Also this product could have included a firewall along with its main product and it lacks this feature .
 I found that this package did little to enhance my connections . I am using a dial up service and my tranfer speed -LRB- according to the software -RRB- was increased by 2 % . -LRB- Really , I am not exagerating . -RRB- All the software really does is change the packet size of your connections plus a few other settings with which dial up is to slow to make a difference . Namely , you can change the number of hops a packet goes through before reaching your system . Sure , fewer hops are better , but usually one does n't have a choice of the path a packet will take . If you are waiting 10 minutes for a perfect path with 2 hops , does n't that defeat the purpose?In testing this with my friend 's cable modem and DSL at my work , I saw a larger increase . Changing the packet size for a dial up connection is worthless . Imagine and ant 200 % larger , it still wo n't be all that big . -LRB- And this package will not give you results anywhere near 200 % -RRB- I would n't recommend this to anyone using dial up.Broadband users , however , you may want to consider it . I would test your thru-put before purchasing this product just to see if you really need it . If you are substantilly below where you think you ought to be , give it a try . If you are within 2 or 3kbs -LRB- Remember , broadband only -RRB- you may jsut want to save your money.It also has settings specifically for Token Ring networks . Nice , I suppose , but as an administrator , I would n't want to hassel with running this on a bunch of clients so that folks can check the weather or so some sophmoric type can goof with the workings of a LAN . But hey , got a T1 at home and a token ring setup , this is the package for you!Over all , this is just one more gadget that does kinda does what it says . Sure , you can get the advertised results IF you meet the criteria where this package will really help . But for the vast majority of us , save you money and get something really worth your time , like taxes !
 Do not buy this or any Cosmi or Starshine software . It installs Spyware on your computer and it will take an expert to get rid of it . Do n't make the same mistake I did !
 The software wo n't install ... Going on 8 years ago , my eldest daughter enjoyed the program and it helped her learn how to read . I just bought what I thought was the latest copy for my youngest and tried to load it to no avail . The software rev turns out to be dated from 1999 , it claims to be compatible with 95 , 98 and XP , but it wo n't load on my machine that has XP . Folks , do n't bother buying it any more , unless you have a very old computer and want to risk it .
 I loaded the software into the computer and I get an error message that Wing is needed . I do n't understand what they are referring to because Wing is on the CD.I even went to website and tried to get information but could not find anything pertaining to this problem .
 Do not purchase . Software expired . the cd needs to be register to install and there is no site any longer to register the software .
 I purchased Reader Rabbit Math ages 4-6 based on the excellent reviews listed here . The software was so awful that I had to come back to see why everyone thought it was so great . Then I noticed under each review `` for an alternate product . '' Maybe other Reader Rabbit products are good but this one jumps from counting objects in Level One to adding three numbers on Level Two . I would think that it would make sense to stick to 2 +2 before jumping to 2 +3 +4 which is what this program does . My five year old was immediately intimidated and confused by the software when she tried Level Two . Definitely not worth the money !
 Ca n't figure out why on two separate OSs the installation of this software has issues . The installation SW ca n't see all the file on the CDROM because they are hidden , Oh and that is n't obvious . you get an error message during install and when you go to the website their solution are incomplete and it is n't the right one for the error message . I have worked with computers for 20 years , and it took a good hour + to figure out what was really going on ... Oh and phone support for this product is disontinued .
 well , recieved reader Rabbit Math 4-6 most recently along with a few other Stuart Little Math & Writing CDs and have had the worst time installing.Tried to install on Win98 and it failed , indicating it required a `` wing '' . exe file . Same problem with a brand new WinXP operating system.Sent inquiry to Broderbund to fix the problem and received a response of instructions the size of a small novel ! This is without a doubt the most difficult software program I have ever tried to install . Whenever I should get it installed -LRB- reading page 78 in `` resolving the Wing.exe issue at the moment -RRB- I will return for a review on this program . . In the meantime , my little on is enjoying the other 12 children 's learning programs , including Stuart Little .
 We had issues from the time we tried to install . The copyright is 1999 and it insisted we did n't have sufficient memory -LRB- as if 2 Gs is n't good enough -RRB- . There was an error message during installation and when I went to the website their solutions were incomplete and phone support for this product is no longer available .
 I am a tutor . It would have been much more usable if I had printed instructions on each game , the goals , the concepts being taught and the levels of diffculty . Some of this information is on the disk , but you have to open each game and figure out what it is teaching , and how the game is played .
 Was so excited because I thought I found a fun math games program for my kids , but I ca n't install it on our computer and am now sending it back . I guess it only works on really old computer systems ... so frustrating as this was a Christmas present ! They were so disappointed as well ... I 'm sure if it worked on our computer it would be awesome as we have other reader rabbit games that do work and my kids love them .
 Program would not install on my Windows 7 , 64-bit operating system . Since it would n't install , ca n't comment on the product itself .
 This software does not work on my Mac -LRB- OS X 10.5 -RRB- or my PC -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- . Very , very disappointed . Not as advertised !
 This may have been a great product at one time . However , take careful note that some of the best reviews are from 7 or 8 years ago . When I attempted to install this on my Windows Vista , I got an error message that it was incompatible and no other options to install it .
 I purchased this product in July 2009 for my daughters . I have a Mac OS-X . This version of Reader Rabbit is supposed to work with MacIntosh System 7.1 and higher , but it DOES NOT . I tried online help to no avail . I agree with the writer of Beware Old Reviews . This product is not compatible with newer computers ! Buy at your own RISK !!
 There are three computers at my home but it just dies on Vista and even with Win 7 . My daughter was very disappointed .
 `` Booh !! You Fail !!!! Will not work for Windows 7 64 bit . . after several frustrating hours trying unsuccessfully to install this , I took it to our extremely deft I.T. guy at work for installation on my PC . He could n't even get it to work with their Reader Rabbit Windows 7 patch/fix link ... He did get it to work on his older laptop -LRB- 34 bit -RRB- after much effort . . But I , myself , am out of luck unless I decide to buy a second laptop , an older used laptop , to be used for this software -LRB- that 's not going to happen -RRB- . . Our I.T. guy told me that his kids had the reader rabbit software years ago and that the software used to be really great until the company got bought out by another company . Big disappointment for my 8 year old girl trying to improve her math skills . There 's nothing like giving a little girl a fun CD then seeing the look of disappointment on her face when we tell her `` sorry '' she ca n't use it because it wo n't work on our Windows 7 !!!!!!!!! She was really looking foward to playing the games ... I 'm S.O.L. and peeved !!!! What a bunch of creeps having the nerve to sell this for Windows 7 . Ask for a refund guarantee before you purchase this . . If one will not be given , stay away Windows 7 users . And if you do decide to risk buying one ... do yourself a favor ... do n't tell your kids about it and get their hopes up until AFTER you 've successfully installed it on your system .
 I bought this for my daughter to practice her math skills . I did not realize this was 10 yr old software that does n't work with newer Windows programs . It was made for Windows 95-98 and we have Windows 7 . Very disappointed !!
 Windows 7 does n't work with this software . Same with a lot of software for my 5 yr . old that I buy from Amazon.Talk about selling old software . But I need to check before buying . I just assumed that software would work in Windows 7 .
 I bought this for our Mac but did n't read the fine print . I ca n't even remember Classic OS ! Too late to return . Unfortunately a waste of time !
 The graphic are very mediocre and the product was basically designed for non Windows platform and does n't work very well . Waste of money and time
 OK so it just dies on Vista and even with Win 7 -LRB- great OS btw -RRB- Lucky I have a top notch machine still running XP so was able to try it out ... First off it was poorly planned , the problems are far far far to easy and bored my 7 year old within 4 seconds , which happens to be about how long it takes to see anything happen.THere are much better free sites to use then this very dated old hack . . Normally I dont slate a product but this is real junk wrapped up in a dvd .
 I bought the game for my sister . I was watching her play and the game itself seems dull compare to jumpstart series , and the pace was waay to fast for a six year old to follow . It 's good to introduce the child to new types of math so they can acquaint with it sooner , but this was just straight out hard for a six year old . The fraction part was introduced too early in the level of the game and the game itself did n't show her how to do it the problem even once nor provided any visual cues . How is a child suppose to play and learn when all they do is get frustrated ?
 When the title says `` Old Version '' it means it will not work on newer computers . More specifically , it will not run on a 64-bit operating system . Normally , old 32-bit software runs fine on a 64-bit Windows or Mac , but I could not find any compatibility tweaks that would allow this to run . If you have the means to build a virtual machine , that would probably work .
 This program wo n't fully load on my computer . Problems with Windows 7 ? Unlike the original programs , this one needs to be connected to the Internet to run . Duh ! It 's for kids . If I have to look over their shoulder all the time , it defeats my purpose . I 'm returning it .
 I bought one of these to use in trucking and after you buy it you must buy more to add on for it to work.Junk .
 My 3 year old is a big fan of The Cat in The Hat so I was thrilled to find this software . While it 's amusing both he and I were very quickly bored . The book is `` read '' to you and then you get to interact with the images on the page , but there are very few actual `` games '' and even those are uninteresting . Objects and characters move , speak or do silly things when you click on them but nothing is challenging or requires any thought . There are a few exceptions -LRB- on one page you can rearange a portrait on the wall , on another make the cat balance more items ... -RRB- but it 's just nothing interesting and there 's not enough ...
 Crashes my computer on windows 7 and crashes intermittently on Windows XP.Very disappointing for me and my kids .
 I bought this for a birthday a few weeks ahead of time . Got the message from the seller that it was on its way and never received it . I emailed them and they later said they overlooked the email . Fine but when I finally got the disc a month later -LRB- of course the second came two days after that -RRB- it did n't work . Neither did the second . In all the mix up Amazon ended up crediting me before the discs came -LRB- I paid $ 5 with shipping -RRB- , so no harm done . But it just so happens that I found another at a thrift store -LRB- again before the two others came -RRB- and it did n't work either -LRB- not because of scratches -RRB- . Must be a whole lot of them out there that got recorded wrong .
 Please note that the Mac OS version requires use of Classic Mode , and it does NOT run under Leopard -LRB- 10.5 and later -RRB- . Fortunately I test-installed this before putting it under the Christmas tree and discovered it 's now truly non-functioning . I remain unclear as to why manufacturers do n't do simple OS updates for popular titles , particularly when attached to such classic figures as Dr. Seuss , but it is caveat emptor for kid software . I think I 've had about 50 % of the titles we 've bought over the years actually work .
 Just do n't make the same mistake I did - only 2 of these Arthur games actually support NT/2000/XP . So unless you have the archaic 95/98 OS , fuhgedaboutit . Pity , because our son loves to play these at our local library .
 my daughter is interested in the game , but as we have windows xp , she can not play the game . i have contacted the learning company and have tried to install it using the windows program compatibility wizard and the 16-bit version . nothing works . the learning company 's reply is that it will not work on windows xp - end of story . and i 'm out of luck !
 My son was dying to play this game . I ca n't install it on ANY of my operating systems and I have them all ! I keep getting an error . What 's worse is it installed it 's Brodcast dssagent on my computers and it wo n't let me delete the file or folder . Every time I log off , I get an error that the program is n't responding.Saying that it is Windows compatible is very misleading . What a waste of time . Do n't get this CD !
 After a couple of years of the kids not being able to run this program , I finally made it work on 32-bit Vista . My problems were two-fold :1
 I am very disappointed with this software . My children find it terribly boring . There is nothing much to it . A computerized version of the book , that 's all . Do n't waste your money.I really ca n't figure out all the rave reviews for this one . I suppose a very young child might like listening to it , but a child that young would be better off sitting in a lap listening to a human reading the book , in my opinion .
 Terribly boring . Nothing to do escept click and listen . It is not a real game for kids .
 I 'm afraid this product is next to useless as it is so compicated and unintuitional I would recommend you first be an computer engineer and experienced digital editor before considering this mess.As for Adobe support , be prepared to pay out $ 35 per question.I 've been making feature films since the 80 's and thought Adobe Creative Suite would help me make my own films but there lack of glossary in their PP 1.5 manual -LRB- which I was advised to toss out as it it useless -RRB- and expect a year long education before you get anything edited.My friend started his first feature on PP 1.5 and gave up after year and he went with VEGAS and finished the editing in short order.Sadly he 's not the only one . I personally know no one who has liked or completed a film with this product much less Final Effects which has a reputation of being 10 times more complicated . And I know a lot of filmmakers.So far after purchasing PP 1.5 5 years ago I have yet to even download my DV tape into the process . I gave up on this not ready for usage by anybody other than a an digital expert who can understand their confusing and poorly organized manual . As far a tutorials . They do n't seem to conform to the screen I get.Why , Adobe why ? I am still waiting after 3 weeks for a question about Photoshop CS that shuts off after 20 minutes . After losing my file even though I had a customer case number and was promised a supervisor . Adobe has the most consistantly poor customer support I 've ever experienced.I have asked Adobe support , the free but largely useless for the operation of the product if they could tell me what courses I can take to understand their manual and three times nobody could supply an answer.I asked a couple of Premiere Pro instruction schools the same question and they -LRB- not surprisingly -RRB- had no answer either.Thanks for dashing my dream Adobe . Demolishers of dreams and they took several hundred dollars as well.I learned that lesson .
 this product is highly flawed . this dynamic immersion technique may work on easier languages like spanish or french but not difficult languages like pashto . The software works like this , your shown pictures which you must match with phrases . its easy at first , your given a picture of a ball a cat a dog and so on , you have to match the word -LRB- in pashto -RRB- to the picture . then the pictures and phrases get much more comlicated , the software doesnt tell you what the pictures really mean . one picture shows a boy climbing into an airplane , i thought it meant just that , but the real translation is a boy and an airplane , but there is no way for you to know . I also remember learning the alphabet first when learning a new language . It would have been great if i knew how to pronounce each letter correctly but the software starts off with words . it would have been a great learning software if it gave you the actual translation of the picture . Its good software if you have a tutor and some books .
 The quality is poor , but it is the best of the DVD player software . It is ridiculous to charge more money for audio support . Also , sometimes the software hangs or does n't see the disk in the drive .
 The hairstyles and make-up go on like crayons . It is way overpriced even if it were free . It is useless .
 This program is not nearly as good as Cosmopolian Virtual Makeover . I would like to return it . I would n't recommend it .
 There are 5 CD ROMs and 3 audio CDs in this package.The 3 audio CDs have some useful pronunciation tips and some everyday phrases.One CD ROM is called ` Blackbelt Chinese ' . It is nothing more than a vocabulary memorizer . There are about 100 -LRB- estimating -RRB- vocabulary lessons of 8 words each , and it uses a Mah-Jong game to test you after you learn the words . In the game , you match the Chinese character with a picture that represents a word in English . Some of these are a stretch , like the picture for ` absent ' ; others are hard to distinguish , like ` high-school ' and ` middle-school ' . When you match the word , it says the Chinese word out loud -LRB- except for the last one -RRB- . It 's a fun tool , though , and good for memorizing . It also uses the traditional characters , rather than the modern simplified ones . Traditionals are used in Taiwan , simplified in mainland China.The other 4 CD ROMs are basic phrasebook lessons . I could n't figure out how to use them , and there was no instructions , and the ` help ' function was not very helpful . I decided to learn some Chinese vocabulary and grammar elsewhere , and to come back to these lessons to see if there is anything useful in them . The confusing thing about them was that there is a great variety of things to click on , and each one seems to expect that you already know some Chinese.I would emphatically recommend against buying this product . It is not systematic at all and most of it is nearly useless unless you purchase other materials . Also , the material it covers is very limited ; you would be better off buying a simple phrasebook .
 I was expecting the game to be A LOT more fun than this . I love Mary-Kate and Ashely and all but this game just was n't at all fun . I could n't get past this thing on the 4th level when your getting all the puzzle pieces . It isnt very fun so far and the real voices you ca n't understand . I hope that this was use to you .
 This video game was lame . I 'd rather try to have fun by digging a deep hole than by playing this game . I mean , the twins are okay on t.v. , but the video game market is a place for innovation , creativity , and awesome gameplay . Any mystery solving game with two teenage girls is never going to stand up against the likes of Mario , Zelda , or any sports game for that matter . I am sorry , but some company got ripped off when they made this video game . I bet it only sold about twenty copies half of which were bought by the twins themselves . The other couple hundred games made should be taking out of stores and placed in the Hall of Fame for Lame Games .
 This game is by far the biggest waste of money since `` Switchin Goals '' . I guess you do n't have a clue about videogames if you buy this horrid game . This game is even worst than and episode of `` Full House '' , and it 's almost as bad as `` Two Of A Kind '' which is still really bad . If you have money to blow you could feel better giving it to Mary-Kate and Ashley to help them fund a DECENT , and I mean DECENT movie . Or you could buy their dolls which makes even less sence because why would you need two of their dolls their TWINS ! So in all this is the worst game ever and I mean EVER created . The worst thing is it 's even to small to be a door stop and its to light to be a paper weight so it 's like spending money for a joke book made by Al Gore , It 's has know chance of selling and if you buy it , it 's like listening to a Spice Girls CD . YOU WASTED YOUR MONEY ! Thank you for reading my review , oh and have a nice day .
 A little known aspect of this product is the fact that Autodesk will only allow LT to plot one drawing at a time -LRB- except for dwf files -RRB- . This is a MAJOR hinderance . The layer command is slow and sheetsets and fields are unable to be created . The old LT versions were basically 3d disabled , now the drafting features are being removed/disabled as well . If your going to spend the money get autocad full or look for another product , we are very unhappy with this change , especially how it was not very well publicized and we did n't find out until we purchased enough for multiple offices and had it installed .
 I bought autocad lt 2005 from amazon.com . It arrived when it was supposed to . I downloaded the rebate form from amazon.com and upon reading it , it said that the invoice must have the serial number on it . My invoice from amazon has everything except the serial number on it.After 3 e-mail attempts to amazon to get an invoice with the serial number on it , I have given up . The response on all 3 was the rebate is between you and autocad , contact autocad . I contacted autocad and they said they ca n't accept an invoice with out the serial number . So , if you think you are going to get a rebate after you buy from amazon , think again . There is no telephone number listed on the website , so you ca n't actually talk to anyone , All you can do is exchange e-mails with someone in a foreign country who does n't understand much english.If I had it to do over again , I would buy this from another retailer .
 While Autocad has certainly advanced since 1990 when I previously used it , it is still a giant , steaming pile of rubbish . It remains unintuitive and lacks rudimentary commands that have been standard on just about everything else for a decade -LRB- move more than one corner of a rectangle , paste in place , slect , ghost a layer , distribute -RRB- . Is Autodesk unaware that these tasks have already been solved , and are tremendously useful ? While poshay -LRB- hatching -RRB- is plainly visible on your screen it can not be manipulated in and of itself . ... say , that 's a terrific exception ! Who thinks like this?The command line AND cursor interface is a strange mix , niether fish or foul , that induces pain and seems to lack the benefits of either of those methods used singly . The preponderance of work has to be done with what is most users weaker hand -LRB- left -RRB- . Your right hand just sits there making token mouse movements every once in a while . It could be argued that the mouse controls have remained so weak precisely BECAUSE the designers fall back on the prompt text rather than strive for clarity or intuition . And another sign that the mixed interface sucks , plenty of five-word prompts are still insufficient to actually communicate what the hell the product wants you to do . Try the half-assed Align feature.The keyboard shortcuts are bizarre . `` c '' is for circle , `` co '' is for copy . Why does it take more keystrokes to copy ? Copying is fundamental to design software . Why is the circle command priveleged?Imagine trying to draw on paper with your elbows tied together - that 's what working with Autocad feels like . It facilitates architectural drawing so little that you 'd think architecture had n't been a primary customer base for 20 years . Even Microsoft has n't made a lousier piece of software.For about twenty cents you could buy a pencil and shove it in your eye ; you 'd get a similar experience and you could still go spend eight hundred dollars on something of merit . Inconcievably , this excruciating piece of obfuscation is the industry standard .
 Though I just finished installing 30 other programs on my computer without a problem , VERSION 15 of THIS PROGRAM NOT ONLY CRASHED on my Windows 98 computer , but IT CRASHED MY HARD DRIVE and TOLD ME I NEED TO REINSTALL MY OPERATING SYSTEM ! When I contacted their tech support , I was told there had been many calls from people having similar problems , and that I needed to not only download and install fonts , but had to download and install 4 OTHER UPDATES , including Internet Explorer , even though this computer would not be connecting to the Internet ! If you do not know how to fix problems this program causes , do not buy this product unless they have fixed these fatal bugs !
 The Typing Instructor Deluxe software was initially fun and performed well . However , the program turned out to be prone to errors and customer support was uninformative , even though they were aware of the software problems . Do n't waste your money by buying this program .
 This program was only good for making a color board . It also takes up a lot of memory/space on the computer , and manuevering the camera in the walkthrough is a nightmare !!! For an easier program where you can download a sofa , end table , etc , you see on the internet , and rendering very photo realistic pictures , I suggest trying two products for home design
 This software is pure crap ! Please read the email I sent to their tech support department several weeks ago , then , go and buy ANY home designing software from Punch ! To wit : I recently purchased your software , Total 3D Home Deluxe 6.0 . After several truly frustrating days of trying to use it to design a home , I find it completely inadequate , buggy in the extreme , and a ` total waste ' of my money , since software that has been opened and installed ca n't be returned to any vendor , no matter how liberal their policies.I usually would not take the time to write an email such as this , but I MUST say something about the various , and multitudinous issues I faced in attempting to design a home with Total 3D . First off , I had several problems of a nature that can only be called ` fatal '
 There is a limit of how bad software can be and still deserve the proud name of a Lemon , not plain ugly fraud . Total 3D Home Deluxe 6.0 is beyond this limit . This company -LRB- Individual Software -RRB- is taking advantage of the store policies that do not allow return of opened software to make money on casual one-time buyers attracted to the box . I ca n't imagine anybody who bought this software and would n't want their money back.This product is a fraud . The box could just as well be empty . -LRB- This would have saved me some time -RRB- . I have never in my life paid money for anything close to this . In fact , any decent human being would be ashamed to give this away for free.It works exactly as described in the above review . It quits all the time silently to the operating system without warning . Just adding a shower anywhere causes such a crash . Opening a saved plan may be impossible and cause a total loss of everything.Describing all the many bugs is pointless , since this is entirely unusable `` work in progress -LRB- ? -RRB- '' far from beta level.I consider myself an old hack quite experienced in avoiding bugs , using work-arounds , and finding ways to do poorly documented things etc. in all kinds of software . I am NOT just an innocent guy who wants to build a home addition and has no time to tinker with software . Everybody else 's Windows systems may crash ten times a day - not mine . -LRB- now using XP Pro , but also true for previous versions -RRB- . I have never seen software without bugs.I do n't expect to get great software for the price of a dinner for two at a cheap restaurant -LRB- with beer for one -RRB- . However , Total 3D Home Deluxe 6.0 leaves me speechless.Bottom line
 I have been working on computers since 1975 . I have seen some awful programs , including some that I have written . This is the single most crash prone piece of software I have ever had the misfortune to use . No mater what you do , it WILL crash . It WILL corrupt HOURS of work and leave you with no option but to delete the file and start over again.USE ANYTHING BUT THIS SOFTWARE
 I originally bought version 3.0 several years ago , and it was full of bugs and prone to crash . . often . But still I found it fun , especially the 3d walk through . When version 6.0 came out , touting new features , I assumed they would have fixed all the bugs in the earlier version , so I purchased it . I WAS VERY WRONG !! This version is even worse . After spending hours working on a project , the program will suddenly crash to the desktop without warning and when you restart the program you will find out the house plan file you were working on is now corrupt . It may still let you view what you 've done so far , if it loads without crashing that is , but it will not let you modify the file in any way . This has happened to me many many times on several different plans . I 've lost hours and hours of work . Very frustrating . Some other things to mention , The import texture tool works well once , but look out , if you use several imported textures on different plans , you 'll find the textures from one house file now covering the walls of your other house file . -LRB- The exterior of my house did n't look all that good with bathroom wallpaper covering the siding -RRB- . And no way to fix this problem , nothing in the help files or on the web site . Adding , deleting or resizing walls can cause havoc
 I whole-heartedly agree with all the reviewers who have given it a 1 star.One of the Most Un-Intuitive software ever built . UI sucks . Help sucks . For example , there are a bunch of buttons / labels that have no mention in the help . TYpe the exact same thing that a label is saying , and you find nothing.These folks have just thrown in a bunch of `` features '' to hype up this nonsense of a product . You ca n't even change the units of measurement , can you beat that ? Let me quote just Some of the many many outrageous things :1 . No way you can change the units of measurement , no way to specify your `` scale '' . This is so basic for any charting tool .2 . The manual forbids you from building plans using just walls , you `` have '' to use `` rooms '' . And once you do , you can not delete the walls of your rooms . You can only make them `` invisible '' but they keep coming in your way whenever you try to fix a door or a window etc. 3 . Create an elevation for one of your rooms and then switch to aerial view , `` gaping empty gaps '' show up on your walls now ... . yeeeks .4 . You can not resize your roofs or customise their angle of elevation in different places .5 . They dont even support spiral staircases ... Well , I have been struggling for a few days trying to make some sense out of this product and produce an useful diagram with no luck , even though I am an experienced developer myself : - -LRB- the list goes on ... . These guys must be put in jail for wrapping up this total piece of trash in this beautiful box with wonderful claims ...
 My computer crashed multiple times . Frustrated I looked for online reviews to see if it was my computer or the software . Well . . it is the program ... this is a joke . Do n't even bother .
 I can not believe I bought this piece of garbage . I got a wild bug up my backside , ran to the store and bought what I thought looked good . I WAS WRONG !!! This product is garbage.It constantly crashes . I can not make the most basic of walls . ALL measurements are by click-and-drag . You can NOT add/customize window trim , door trim , baseboards , etc. . They show all kinds of different household accessories on the box , but the faucets , light fixtures , etc. , are all VERY crude . The walk-through ` feature ' is horrible to use . I should note that is on a single room - every time I try to set two rooms next to each other , the software crashes OR tells me ` invalid wall ' . Yet every time I try to click what may be a common wall to edit -LRB- it -RRB- , the software crashes , so if there is an error , the software wo n't let me fix it ... There is a ` snap to grid ' setting - even though I have it switched off , there are several pieces of furniture that constantly move themselves , while other pieces in the same room stay where I put them ... . ARRRRRGGGGHHHH !!!!!! I thought these were odd errors that only I must be experiencing , yet reading others reviews I see they are all far too common . If Individual Software and/or CompUSA does not agree to refund my money , I will be pursuing action through our attorney general .
 I have NEVER been so displeased with a software purchase . I have a modern computer , with 3.0 GHZ processor power and 1GB of Ram , running XP SP 2 . This POS crashes every few minutes , randomly . To the desktop . No explanation , no `` sorry , we crashed '' , just one minute the software is there , the next it 's gone.FURTHERMORE , the only reason I bought this was that I had made a floor plan using the `` 3.0 '' version of this product . I put 3.0 in quotes because there is HARDLY ANY DIFFERENCE between the 3.0 version and this `` 6.0 '' version . I was having a few problems with the 3.0 , so I figured this would have been more advanced and better handled modern systems . WRONG !! They added a pitiful `` Photo Object '' feature , where you can insert a digital photo into your home picture . Sound cool ! NO ! This object acts essentially as flat screen that will turn around to face you wherever you are looking at it . You are not making a 3d object , you are putting in a 2d surface that spins around facing you , with no interaction between it and the lighting or other features of the rendering . Oh , the `` 6.0 '' version of this nasty software does n't even have as many objects -LRB- desks , chairs , beds , etc -RRB- as the `` 3.0 '' version!FINALLY , I ca n't even USE my old files , because everytime I try to save them after loading them in `` 6.0 '' I get that lovely crash to desktop.DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE EVER !!!!!!!
 I am designer & programmer w/25 years experience . This software does NOT work . It is a waste of your valuable time . I agree an empty box would n't have made me as angry as this . This is SO BAD it is my first ever posting of a review in over 25 years of programming .
 I GIVE UP WITH TRYING TO USE VERSIONS 6.0 AND 7.0 ! I GOT TIRED OF LOSING PROJECTS HALFWAY INTO THEM . I TRIED TO GET HELP FROM TECH SUPPORT IN WHICH THEY DID N'T KNOW WHY THIS PROBLEM WAS HAPPENING . IM GUESSING THEY USED VERSION 6.0 TO ONLY ADD A FEW NEW FEATURES TO CALL VERSION 7.0 AND DID NOT FIX THE BUGS . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE.I HAD GIVEN THIS PRODUCT VERSION 6.0 5 STARS IN THE BEGINNING BUT , AFTER SPENDING COUNTLESS HOURS WITH SO MANY PROJECTS I HAD TRIED TO WORK ON AND HAVING THEM JUST DISAPPEAR I AM EDITING MY REVIEW TO 1 STAR .
 We bought this product in November of 2000 hoping that it would be useful in our mixed Win9x/MacOS network , common in the publishing industry . After using it for a week , our Macintosh users were complaining that their files were `` disappearing '' from the network . We described the problem to Executive Software as follows : We 're having an unusual problem on our NT 4.0 Server running Services for Macintosh and Undelete 2.0 . An example of the problem is described as follows : One of our Macintosh users has a subdirectory on the NT Server . Within this sudirectory , he has files that are periodically replaced by newer files of the same name . When attempting to overwrite the file , he is asked to confirm the file replacement . Answering affirmatively , the file is appropriately replaced . HOWEVER , within a minute , the updated file disappears.Executive Software replied to the problem by acknowledging that there were known issues with Macintosh files and Undelete . Their solution was to exclude Macintosh volumes from Undelete operations . They also indicated that they hoped to have the problem resolved in a future build of the software although there was no ETA on such a build.In our network , which is 40 % Macintosh , Undelete is more of a problem than a resolution . It is quite a chore to maintain customized exclusions in Undelete on an ongoing basis , particularly when new Mac users join the company and you need to provide them with home directories , etc. . .
 We bought this product in November of 2000 hoping that it would be useful in our mixed Win9x/MacOS network , common in the publishing industry . After using it for a week , our Macintosh users were complaining that their files were `` disappearing '' from the network . We described the problem to Executive Software as follows : We 're having an unusual problem on our NT 4.0 Server running Services for Macintosh and Undelete 2.0 . An example of the problem is described as follows : One of our Macintosh users has a subdirectory on the NT Server . Within this sudirectory , he has files that are periodically replaced by newer files of the same name . When attempting to overwrite the file , he is asked to confirm the file replacement . Answering affirmatively , the file is appropriately replaced . HOWEVER , within a minute , the updated file disappears.Executive Software replied to the problem by acknowledging that there were known issues with Macintosh files and Undelete . Their solution was to exclude Macintosh volumes from Undelete operations . They also indicated that they hoped to have the problem resolved in a future build of the software although there was no ETA on such a build.In our network , which is 40 % Macintosh , Undelete is more of a problem than a resolution . It is quite a chore to maintain customized exclusions in Undelete on an ongoing basis , particularly when new Mac users join the company and you need to provide them with home directories , etc. . .
 This is very very difficult to use . I have been trying to burn a DVD for several days with no luck . This is just impossible to use .
 I have owned this software for a number of years and it used to work fine when movies took up less space on DVD ... but now all movies contain more info than will fit on standard blank DVD . So you spend all this time doing a read of the movie DVD and then you put in your blank and the program fills the blank to capacity and you get a message that there is not enough space on your blank ... this is After it has written to your blank and basically ruined it ... there must be a way around this -LRB- like the option to use 2 blanks -RRB- but the software does not offer it . I have searched online but have not come up with a solution .
 I recently purchased Finale Allegro 2007 and then updated to 2007b , which is * essential * if you are running Windows Vista . The company claims it is `` fully compatible '' with Vista , but even with the update , this software runs poorly on Vista -LRB- Vista Business version on my laptop -RRB- . Finale is slow , it is difficult to control note placement even when you zoom in , and 16th and 32nd notes appear bunched together on the screen making them hard to read afterward -LRB- I do n't know if it prints this way or not , as I have n't been able to finish even one lead sheet yet ! -RRB- Also , there is no access to either the user manual or the tutorials from within the program -- or , at this writing , from outside the program . So , everything I 've learned so far about how to use this program has been through tedious trial and error . I am communicating with the company now to find out if there is a workaround for the manual/tutorial problem , but Finale is so much slower than Sibelius on Vista anyway that I 'm going to have to abandon it anyway just to get some work done . : -LRB-
 Finale Allegro 2007 is not compatible with Mac OS 10.6 . Some features work but many do not . This fine print is only known if you go to the Finale web site and check the details for system compatibility.You will also learn this fact when you submit bug reports to Finale for the many things that do not work under Mac OS 10.6 Snow Leopard . Here are a few direct quotes : - Regarding the Open Recent command not working , `` Unfortunately , Allegro 2007 is not supported on the Snow Leopard operating system . We can try one thing and see if it helps . However , I can not guarantee that we can fix this problem due to an unsupported OS . Please try clearing your Allegro preferences : ... '' - Regarding the fact that scanning does not work , `` Allegro 2007 was created before Macintosh released the 10.6 operating system , and is not fully compatible with or supported on Macintosh 's 10.6 operating system . Please see the following article for information on Finale products that are compatible with Macintosh 's 10.6 operating system : ... `` I 'd like to submit a support request for weird things that happen with lyrics , and for weird things that happen with page layouts , but I can anticipate that the response will be that the software is unsupported.Finale 's recommendation is to buy the software Finale 2010 . This costs an extra $ 300 on top of the $ 150 I already spent for Allegro 2007 . It 's not likely that I will spend that much money on the chance that the product will work , and I 'm not much inclined to support a bait-and-switch tactic.Amazon should pull this product from the shelves . It 's obsolete.Here 's a quote from Finale 's web site
 I bought this product some time ago . The competing Sibelius product was too expensive for my needs and had features that I did n't require so Allegro seemed to make sense . I kept Allegro upgraded and used it to transcribe a lot of music for our baroque orchestra.However after 2007 the vendor stopped keeping this product up to date . They released new versions of Finale and basically abandoned Allegro . Now Allegro is no longer compatible with Finale , Notepad and their other products . There is a `` MusciXML '' option which in theory creates huge files that can be opened by Allegro but this simply does not work . Basically you are living in your own world if you purchased Allegro . We can no longer exchange scores with our partners.Another fundamental flaw of this product is that it does not allow re-setting the starting point at each movement for measure numbers . This makes it unusable for serious orchestral work . The last word on this product is that it is not determined compatible with Windows 7 . I would strongly recommend against this product . Furthermore I would not be inclined to do business with Finale again based upon their abandoning their Allegro customers . For the cost of an upgrade to Finale , you can buy the industry standard Sibelius which is more user friendly .
 OK , maybe it was me , maybe it just does n't work well with windows 98 but , I could n't get any help from the company that I bought it from or the company that made it . The web site that they sent me to did n't exist . It never did work for me .
 If you do n't stay subscribed to guitarport online the only function of this will be to tune your guitar with . All the sounds and amps you have downloaded will disappear .
 It SAYS it works with the Mac but , after spending WAY too much time than should be necessary trying to get this to work , I could not get the software and hardware to properly install . I can install the software , but I ca n't connect the hardware . The moment I connect the hardware the screen gets this grey veil that drops down over everthing , making the computer useless , and indicating that I must hold down the power button to restart . I do this and when the computer comes back online it merely tells me to restart again . This item has ZERO support with a real person . Understand people , a FAQ that does n't answer my questions is worthless to me . I 'm a technical writer . I write documentation for a living . I found the docs to be disjointed and the software overly complicated . I will keep hacking away on this to see if I can get it to run , but I 've already spent way too much time on it with absolutely NO results . As it stands right now , this is a $ 100 POS that I will be returning if I ca n't get it to function . My advise to Line 6 ... get a support line ... even a support chat line ... or hire some decent writers that can provide some sense of order to your doc ... because it sucks .
 This little gadget is amazing and the effects sound beautiful but it does n't work at all with Windows 7 , at all , after a couple of seconds you will not get any sound . By the time of this writting -LRB- march 2010 -RRB- Line 6 has n't been able to release a steady driver .
 The short version of this review
 On the surface it sounds like a great idea - but there are so many catches and it is set up on the corporate end so badly it is just a scam to steal a monthly fee from you - read on - In order to download any of the songs you can play over you have to pay the monthly fee - in addition , you ca n't record yourself playing along with them - they have it fixed so you ca n't do it - plus , they try to sell you the most overpriced software I have ever seen to record yourself at all . And this is not recording you playing along either because , again , they wo n't let you . And here is the most pernicious part of all - if you do n't keep paying the monthly fee it wo n't let you play along with songs you already downloaded anymore !! That 's right , they cut you off . Their song selection sucks - it is almost all `` hendrix '' `` clapton '' old classic rock crap - there is no Fuel , nickelback , etc , no new bands at all . And most of the `` songs '' are really lessons . So unless you plan to pay a monthly fee forever so you can play along with `` all right now '' and `` freebird '' over and over , but not be able to record yourself doing it , save your money . The guitarport was a godd idea and could have been great - but the insane greed of Line 6 has ruined any possibility of that . Pass on this one .
 You would think this a DVD of some of the episodes of the TV series - It is not . It is a CD
 I ordered this as a new item however it had been used and the startup page with the confirmation number was never included and therefore the item is totally useless . Beware !!!!!!!!!!
 I bought this on amazon , and it performed so poorly that I had to return it . In theory , the product is fantastic -- it lets you use your existing ` normal ' telephone to dial and receive skype calls . In reality , however , it 's a buggy product that simply does not pass any semblance of quality standards . The big problems :1 . it has some flawed USB interface such that the software you load onto the PC never finds the device on the first try . You have to manually unplug and replug the device into its USB port to get the software to ` see it . ' 2 . The interface with Skype is very klugy . It changes Skype 's audio in and audio out settings to direct skype to use the actiontec drives instead of your PC 's microphone and speakers . That 's okay when you 're using a phone connected to the device for skype calls , but when you want to use your PC again , you have to manually change back all the settings .3 . The sound quality is excellent , but the mic quality is atrocious . I tried everything option I could , but I was never able to get the other party on a skype call to hear me clearly . It 's probably a very cheap processor in the box that does n't properly encode my speech or something . In the end , it worked about 2 % of the time , and the other 98 % of the time the person on the other end of the call hung up on me because they could n't hear or understand what I was saying.Bummer , because I really wanted it to work . But it 's just not ready for primetime . I 'm waiting until a reputable CE brand like Linksys or Logitech comes out with the device .
 Skype 1.2 * for Linux is somewhat temperamental , to say the least . It requires some tinkering with sound mixers and drivers to get the program to work , and when it does , an ordinary microphone produces terrible feedback . So it seemed a good idea to order this device , reportedly equipped with feedback elimination technology.Alas , this product may work very well , but it is NOT a plug-and-play device . It works ONLY on Windows operating systems , and very likely requires a late-model XP system to run properly.However , as of last week when I ordered this device through Amazon , from a marketplace seller , -LRB- and as of July 7 , 2006 , as I write this review -RRB- the manufacturer had not yet included that very pertinent information on the Amazon product page.Thus , I received my Vosky unit on Wednesday , plugged it in and was very disappointed to discover that it simply will not run on my computer.Not only does the accompanying software program only run on Windows . The owner 's manual also omits any information about how to construct a workaround to run the device on Linux.The device did recognize my land-line phone , and my land-line dial tone came through loud and clear . But the computer did not recognize the presence of a UBS phone device.A little further research proved that this product is also useless on Mac computers.In addition , the USB cable is much too short . It is barely long enough to reach from the back of a computer to the phone , even one on an adjacent table.As to how the item works on compatible Windows machines , please consult other reviewers . I gather , even there , results are mixed.A final caution
 Despite several hours of trying , I could not get the driver software to work on the first PC that I tried to use the IPW on . I eventually gave up and tried on a second PC . This time I had more luck . The software worked , but I was very disappointed with the quality of the sound . When I used the phone , the other party could barely hear me . I could hear them reasonably well , but I would sound distant and cut in and out . The quality was not good enough to hold a conversation . Skype does n't always provide perfect call quality , but I was able to get great sound quality on the same call with my USB headset so I was convinced that it was n't Skype causing the problem . This was a consistant problem on all calls over a one week trial . I tried increasing the microphone level in the Skype options , but it made no difference . Overall , I found the quality of the software and the IPW its self unacceptable and returned the product .
 Be very careful to not unplug the device after you install . I do not know the reason , but once you installed it , the device it is linked to the specific USB port that you have plugged it the first time . If you unplugged and plugged in a different port things can go wrong . Actiontec acknowledes this in their website . The PROBLEM is that the solutions that they propose they did not work for me . Basically , I have tried reinstalling everything -LRB- Skype included -RRB- plugged it to the original USB port , but this thing does not want to work anymore.A good idea done by a lame company
 This product does n't work on Vista and after contacting Actiontec regarding this issue not only they ignored my messages , but when I browsed over the net for help , there was only a couple of responses from them one year old at least . Although this product is excellent running on XP , the lack of support and incapacity to keep up with current operating systems is at least unacceptable . If you plan to ever update to Vista , do n't spend your money on it .
 I bought the first device and while I could hear fine the person on the other end heard either a really bad echo or words were being dropped . I sent it back and tried another one with the exact same results . Contacted their tech support online and never received an answer . I tried both devices on three different computers with the same result . I can use a headset connected to the sound card with excellent phone quality so it is not the network connection . I would not recommend this device .
 I used the phone wizard with skype and my cordless home phone for several phone calls . A couple of calls went very well . Conversations were generally clear . But a couple of calls had interruptions in service and on two occasions part way thorugh a call I could hear the party I called but they could not hear me . I tried with and without a connection to my home phone line . The phone wizard worked most of the time but I wanted something to work every time so I returned it . I had previously used skype on the same computer with another product and did not have these problems .
 But there are also far better ones ! I bought it because it now has `` Broderbund '' on the package and I liked the design product in their `` 3D Home Design Suite Deluxe 3.0 '' Well , this is not the same home architect progam . It 's a lot harder to use if you want to do anything more than drop standard room blocks . It is also very anoying to have to click on a different menu tab to get to the scrolling , zooming and panning options . Those should be available buttons in any mode ! Trying to arrange furniture in any less than traditional method is also frustrating . It just does n't want to let you angle a chair in a corner . It also does n't show room dimensions except in the room block view , and sometimes those are two small to read . You often do n't have a feel for the real size of your room until you start putting in furniture . Also , I looked everywhere and could not find a shelf or bar to put in my closets . I did not have any system hangups or crashes , but maybe I just have n't used it enough . But then , I do have a new 1.3 GHz Athalon with 256Mb RAM and 64Mb video .
 I just purchased a copy of Total 3D Home Deluxe and installed it on my Compaq 5000 series , a relatively new and capable machine.However , it simply will not run in the ` planning ' mode , which happens to be the part of the program that looks to be the most valuable . I read the instructions , troubleshooting tips , and even uninstalled and then reinstalled the program , but no luck.The program cover says `` Visualize Your Dreams '' , and I am doing so , but unfortunately , only in my head .
 My actual rating would be 0 stars or avoid ! Without repeating the problems stated in the other reviews , I experienced them all . I tried installing this software on two desktop computers and a laptop , all extreamly high end hardware . The program behaved the same on all - TERRIBLY . There are most likely no perfect programs , but this one from Broderbund sould not be on the market .
 I bought this program with the hopes to be able to take my hobby of home design , etc from paper to computer . I thought that I would try this program , especially since it was inexpensive . I was very pleased the first time or two that I used the program , but after that , the program began to freeze , give me illegal operations and shut down my computer . I have a relatively new computer with a very good video card , so I know that it is not the hardware . It has to be the program . At this point , I can not even run the program on my computer . As soon as I open the program and go to begin a project , my computer freezes up . At least before I could get half my project done before it froze up on me . I do not recommend this product to anyone . If you want to purchase a similar program , spend the extra few dollars and get one that you can use .
 Reviewing Total 3D Home Suite which seems to bundle most everything they offer . Very frustrating , counter-intuitive , difficult to work with , no tutorial , help not very helpful . Unless you are experiences with their products and have figured out some magic way to make them helpful , I could not recommend them .
 The software and the company are LAME . I was told they did n't have to return my money because `` our lawyers wrote the return policy '' and that they 'd had `` four of you guys '' today that called to request refunds for the same product . Took 7 days to return my call , offered NO apology for the unstable program they 'd sold and the problems I had experienced , insisted it was my design that made the program continually crash , and insisted I reinstall it and add patches to fix their problems , and they 'd STILL not refund my money.I bought it at Target for 20 dollars and the supervisor actually said on the phone
 I agree with the other reviewers . This program is not worth the effort it takes to hold the box . Unfortunatly , I purchased the program before reading any of the reviews . I have experienced the same problems as others have mentioned here . individual Software -LRB- Broderbund -RRB- should be ashamed of their selves . By the way , I also know what I 'm doing.Do yourself a favor . Do n't buy this program.By the way - if one reviewer gives the program 5 stars and all others give it the lowest possible rating . Do you think it might be possible that the excellent rating came from a company employee - possibly someone in sales ?
 Ok so maybe it is only 20 bucks and I should n't expect miracles . Yeah and I can deal with the fact that it wo n't make a series of porch roofs all the same height no matter what and that shed roofs go on backwards . And that it has gaps in the roofs & roofs in the middle of walls & and wo n't let you add freestyle rooms & when you move a wall you get screwy angles ... -LRB- breath -RRB- ... Ok , and I only get mildly irritated when it gives generic error messages about no outside walls and rooms not matching with no clue as to exactly what is wrong then suddenly it will fix itself with a meer 30 minutes or so of wasted time . But when it continually crashes over and over without any sort of warning or locks up solid just because it can ... I get livid . I have paid far less for sofware that worked perfectly fine within it 's program limitations . This is the single worst piece of software I have had the displeasure of owning in over 20 years . Stay away ... unless you are a true masochist & enjoy self torture .
 Good idea but not executed very well . There is no way to enter actual lengths of walls , the walls have to be stretched back and forth to the right length.Im not sure how you could ever make a 3 sided room with this program ; or anything else out of the extremely ordinary.None of it matters because the program will crash after you create about 4 or 5 rooms.After several failed attempts , I uninstalled the software . Save your money .
 I was very disappointed with the capabilities of this software . If you seriously want to design or remodel your home , I suggest purchasing something else .
 Do n't buy this . Impossible to install more than the garden cd . The rest wo n't install . My son bought one , and he ca n't get it installed , and I bought one , and I can only get the garden cd to install . I only found this site , trying to get tech help to install this miserable product . Tech help , is n't at the address given in the support guide . I have been trying to install it for 3 hours , and no luck yet . DO N'T BUY IT . Installation , should be a snap , not with this product .
 I too agree this is an awful program . I had the exact problem Lesley mentioned . After spending an entire weekend entering in my plan , I had the crashing problem . I am angry that I spent so much time only to find this product is useless . Furthermore , entering in my plan was nearly impossible , especially with non - `` box '' sized rooms .
 I only give it one star because if you do not have 32 ram to get the better program it is acceptable . But it is slow , hard to decorate because you have to take a photo of anything not in the first picture you take . Not only that it kicks you off and you end up losing all of the work you did . Very frustrating , do not buy this unless you do not have 32 ram or more . ...
 I agree that this is a terrible piece of software . There isnt one thing that can be done without the program crashing . I made the mistake of buying their landscape design product too . The funny thing is installing that product will get this product all confused . The help , step by step guide from any product will launch the help/guide from the landscape design product . I uninstalled the landscape product , which made the home delux product to not even startup . Overall this is gottu be the most horrible product that i have ever bought . Dont waste your time on this one .
 PLEASE ... save yourself the headache ! Read version7 reviews and decide for yourself if you really have the time to deal with such a program or company.I 've sent Individual all the links about their customers ' experience . I do n't think it will do any good but I think they should know the percentage of people writing negative reviews on their products.My next site to `` update '' will be Cnet and Consumer Reports -LRB- if they have a section for something like this -RRB- . Avoid this program at all costs . I will update you all if they EVER reply to my e-mail . However , I will not hold my breath .
 I actually managed to use this software to design my -LRB- now 2 + year old -RRB- house , but I never got the 3D rendering feature to work without crashing * on several different computers running different OSes -LRB- 98 , ME , W2K , XP -RRB- * . In fact , once I got beyond one floor in a custom floor plan -LRB- my house has 3 floors -RRB- , I would save after each minor change , as the software crashed and corrupted the plan data file * very frequently . * Tech support claimed again and again that they 'd never seen these issues reported before , which seems to be utter bullcrap , given the number of similar reviews here.Oh , and I 'm not a computing neophyte . I 've been working with computers -LRB- Windows , UN * X , Novell , you name it -RRB- on all sorts of hardware for 10 + years . I 've been MCSE certified for the last 7 + years -LRB- and still current -RRB- and have worked in a variety of technical roles for the top software company in the world for the past 8 + years . I know how to use computers inside and out , so the previous reviewer who suggested that , if you ca n't use this product , you have no business using computers . I think that comment is utterly ludicrous , as Total 3D Home Deluxe 3.0 is probably the worst software package I 've ever had to suffer through . Please , do n't buy this software ... it is complete and utter crap .
 I 've tried to use this program on a PC running Windows 98SE . The system has 384 Mb of RAM , 12Gig Hard Drive , 500 Mhrtz and each time I 've loaded this program and built a plan , I was either unable to save it or , after saving it , was unable to reaccess it . Support is on-line only , no telephone or email so I was unable to solve the Error messages.I would n't recommend this program .
 I used this product to try to help me redesign my current house . A bit of background
 I would not advise anyone to buy this product . While it is easy to use and has good graphics , I have had countless problems with the software . It now wo n't allow me to make any changes unless I start completely over , and it causes an illegal operation error to occur each time I run it . I have tried numerous times to get software support . In addition to the worst on-line help system I 've seen , the email support has been less than adequate . They have failed to solve a single one of my many problems . I 've never written an on-line review for Amazon , but I felt compelled to do so in this instance in case anyone is considering wasting their money .
 I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing this product . Oh , it worked great for the first couple of times I designed uncomplicated floorplans . I 'm not designing a new home , I 'm trying to fit my furniture into floorplans that I 'm considering for purchase . All I want to do is put up walls , enter doors , windows and furniture and see what works . If you make one single error in putting furniture or walls outside the parameters of the program , you kill the entire floor plan and , ultimately , the software.I 've been on e-mail with their support -LRB- ??? -RRB- people for the past week and still no fixes . If they read the previous contents of my e-mails , it 's not apparent because they keep telling me to do the same thing the previous tech tried . I 've finally given up and will toss the software in the trash before it brings my system down.I 'll try the Sierra product ... and perhaps that will work for me . I hate to spend the money , but my time wasted in trying to get this trashy software to work is valuable , too . Hope you read my review and DO N'T try the software.By the way , I have a 733Mh , 384MB RAM , Up-to-date video card Dell Pentium III system . So , the hardware 's NOT the problem .
 The software locked up when rendering 3D views . I tried everything that the readme file said and it still could n't draw it 3D . I had used 3D Home Architect before which is a much better product .
 I have tried numerous times to get this software to work but have found that it consistently freezes up with even simple house designs . I have repeatedly contacted the on-line support service and have been advised to decrease the video performance , get new video drivers and shut down all other programs on my computer . None of this has helped . I bought a new 3D video card that supports 32MB SDRAM and still had no success . This is the first time I have bought software that just did not work . Mattell would do well to take this off the market , do a bit more research , and try again . I wasted dollars on the software as well as on a new video card .
 I was almost relieved to read the other reviews of this program , it used to crash alot on my older computer but I thought all the problems would be fixed when I brought home my new laptop last weekend . I was trying to redesign my 1100 sq foot house and everytime I start the program it will only run for 10 minutes or 2-3 changes . And every other time I try to save any changes , the software crashes without saving , which is extemely frustrating . Oh well , at least I know it 's not my computer , back to the store for a decent piece of software .
 I spent 3 hours trying to design my kitchen . When I switched to 3D mode , cabinets and chairs would spontaneously float off the floor . At one point a cabinet decided to move into the sink , despite the fact I set in on the ground in 2D mode . It was complete frustration . Needless to say after a grand total of 5 impossible hours , I returned it for a refund .
 Landscape and garden designers , whether amateur or professional , are STRONGLY CAUTIONED against buying this product . In addition to being difficult to use , it contains numerous bugs . The program will crash repeatedly , even with the most current computer equipment and video drivers . Worst of all , it has a tendency to crash and produce an irretrievably `` corrupt '' file when a plan has gotten large and detailed . This then prevents that file from ever being used , and it can not be reversed . This happened to this review 's writer after having invested over two weeks of work on a landscape design . Broderbund software tech support could offer no help other than to state that this apparently happens all the time ! STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT !
 Unless you want to be completely frustrated , I would not recommend this program . The ` handles ' used to shape terrain , ponds , etc. often do not work and you can not work within a grid when laying out the terrain so you have no idea where the hills are in relation to the house . Building the house is very confusing because of the way the program has set up ` levels ' for the house . Sometimes you see the house , sometimes you only see the fence , sometimes you can modify existing structures , other times you can not . Definitely not a user friendly system . Also , the plants are mislabeled
 Clumsy , unstable program . Persistent crashes and lots of run-time errors . No one available at tech support . Not worth the trouble it takes to install .
 My husband spends hours trying to get a simple layout completed . His biggest complaint is that every few minutes an error message appears and then the software closes by itself . This causes him to lose all his work since his last save . I bought this for him thinking it would be a great tool , but I did n't realize the frustration it would put him through . We used a similar software to design the interior of our house . It cost less than this one and worked so much better .
 This is an extremely poor program with lots of bugs . The program often does not work , items added to your landscape often do not show up in all types of views , some `` jump around '' and become unattached to where you placed them . Often it is impossible to delete items that have been improperly placed . This product is NOT ready for sale . It needs a lot more work to remove all the bugs . This is an extremely fustrating and time consuming adventure , with very poor results . Further , the advertised `` see your landscape in different seasons '' does n't work . I expected my deciduous trees to change colors and lose leaves . This did n't happen . I could n't calculate my light for winter planting . I 'm going to have to start over with other software .
 Not user friendly ! Look elsewhere . Continues to lock-up with windows XP . The packaging is deceiving . Refused to honor rebate -LRB- no leeway for mail time -RRB- .
 I purchased this software to help visualize basic landscaping ideas for my home . I found the overall usability to be poor . Simple things like grouping several plants and moving them together is not supported , the ` grow ' feature did n't work in many cases , and the overall navigation is poor . I did like the ` arial ' view that allows you to zoom over and around your plot and view plants in 3-D from all angles . I also liked the plant library to lookup and research basic information on plants . Overall , I 'm disappointed with this product .
 The program started lagging for me real bad after getting only a few things built . I 'm using a 450 pentium with 256 meg ram and a 16 meg voodoo video card . The package came with a decent users manual and a small tutorial to get me started but do n't expect to import a picture of your house and yard and start throwing shrubs and flowers into it . You 'll have to cut sections of walls from a photo of your house , and remove obstacles such as tree limbs hanging in the photo and resize them to fit sections of walls on the house that you made inside the program . The complete yard will have to be constructed from scratch inside the program unless you want to use one of theirs . I was also surprised not to find the standard privacy fence and chain link fence in the fence section among other things . I keep going back to it and trying to give it another chance but the lag just kills me . On the upside . The program comes with a 90 day money back guarantee if your not satisfied .
 Spend the cash and buy Design Imaging Group , Inc software . www.designimaginggroup.com . It is expensive , powerful and works flawlessly . You can not get good landscape design software cheaply . I have tried them all . Good luck .
 I 'm running this on a high-end Dell Latitude . 525mb ram , 1ghz processor . It appears that this software was written by hackers . There is no way a professional software company would release a product with this many bugs in it . You have to save your work constantly to multiple backup files , since the program simply crashes and exits without so much as an error message displayed . It does things that are totally weird . I added a single fence section to the yard and it deleted the entire house . There a bugs throughout . It 's hard to believe that whoever authorized release of this software at Broderbund actually used the product themselves . They were probably given a demo by a developer or a product manager who was under the gun .
 The product is good for very simple ideas ; however , more detailed ideas such as raised flower beds , various fencing , and plants are not located in the software or are not available . I would have liked more flexibility with designes which would allow me to draw over structures to have a more accurate picture of an item . I also did not care for the fact that I could not print anything from the software .
 Program crashes with Windows XP Professional . Other reviews indicate frequent crashes with other systems as well . You can spend a lot of time learning the program and entering your specific plan , only to go `` KABAM ! '' Really a shame , since there seemed to be so much potential .
 The program seems to have the right idea , but it crashes all the time and now I ca n't even get it to recognize the Data CD Rom while I 'm running it . Real waste of time and disappointment .
 I am seldom moved to complain publicly about a piece of software , but Total 3D Landscape did not work properly on my plain vanilla Dell system running Windows 2000 with plain vanilla video . Working in 2-dimensional mode and placing plants in location , I got unwanteed duplicates of the plants 6 inches to the right on my screen . I 'm one of those persons who has been fooling around with computers so long that I can fix almost anything . Not so with Total 3D Landscape . The program was completely unusable and simply not worth the more than two hours I wasted on reinstalling and searching for any possible mistake I might have made .
 I bought the 4.0 version and it is user demonic . Do not buy this item .
 Much like the other reviewers : The program crashes suddenly and without warning.That would n't bother me so much , but ... When I save a pretty cool looking rendition of my house , it drops the windows from the saved file , making me have to start all over again.Not any more . I 'm uninstalling it and complaining to CompUSA .
 I wish I had read these reviews before I bought this program . This program and several of the related programs from the same company -LRB- Individual Software Corp -RRB- have a bug in which after a while the project files become completely unreadable . I put in hours of hard work into my landscape design and now it 's all gone.I contacted the technical support department of the company and they have been of no help . First I contacted email support and they never responded to me . Then I called them and the technician confirmed the bug and told me to send in my file and he would try to recover it . I never heard back from them . I tried calling technical support again but they never answered the phone so I left a message . They never returned my message.This kind of thing should be against the law . If I had the time and money I would gather all the disgruntled customers and file a class action law suit . No company should be allowed to rip Americans off like this . My best hope is that someone reads this review in time and gets the opportunity to avoid the headaches that we customers have gone through .
 Our 3 children love computer games , -LRB- ages 6,7 , & 8 -RRB- but this one they only wanted to play once . The game is too repetetive , and not very challenging .
 My nine year old was able to make his way through the mysteries but getting from one place to another is a little slow and the game also there tends to be too much of the same thing each time you play . When the newness of the game wore off , my son did not choose this game to play very often .
 I bought this for a family get together anticipating the kids would have a fun afternoon . They are all die hard Scooby fans!We had problems from the start . We had to go to 3 websites to find the patch needed to run the game with Direct X 8 . Although the graphics and animation were great , the kids solved the hardest level in just 30 minutes ! The villian was the same and so were the clues . Even the video sequences were recycled on each level.The repetitive nature and the installation problems made us regret buying the game .
 As a person with considerable experience at the computer , I was diasppointed in this game . After several hours , I had produced only one suspect and one clue . The directions for operating thetoolbar to acquire clues or evidence did not work for me . I havemastered other games of considerable difficulty , so I was relieved to see that other reviewers had similar problems to myown with this game . Pass on this one and try something else !
 For some reason , this CD-ROM has flaws described by one of your other reviewers too . I bought this for my son as a special reward . We could not install it and had to contact support from the manufacturer . Their help was useless . We returned it and got a new copy . The game was slow , the characters spoke out of synch , parts of the games did not work . We returned it again and bought something entirely different . We are now nervous about buying ANY games in this series despite the fact that my son loves Scooby Doo .
 I bought this for my 5 year old and were BOTH stuck ! He has played it several times and ca n't get past the first clue . He became frustrated with this game and stopped playing it . I too thought maybe it was me , but I am apparently not the only one out there who wasted their money on this game . I can only hope the other games for Scooby fans are better , as my son now wants a new one since `` this one wo n't work '' .
 If I could give this game 0 stars , I would . The box says `` kids can play independently . Provides help when your child needs it . '' This is completely untrue . Like another parent here , I tried to play it myself after my child went to bed , but still was stuck . The help section just tells you what to do with characters , mazes , and games that you ca n't get to . It was no help whatsoever . I hope this review saves someone a purchase . I wish I had read the reviews before I bought this ! I will be returning this one to Amazon !
 This game was soooo frustrating that I could not even help my daughter with this one . I kept going back to the Help menu , thinking that we 've missed something too but it just did not help us at all . My daughter was so disappointed , we had to take the game back . I could n't figure out a darn thing . My daughter is 5 and she can play most of my computer games with no problem but this one baffled us both . Do yourself a favor and save your money for a Scooby board game or something else -- do n't make the same mistake I did !!
 I have a number of other Learning Co. titles but this was a great disappointment . My 7 year old son the computer shark was repeatedly frustrated by the poor controls on the simple mouse actions in the game . I work on a PC for a living and have tried it - and my son does better than I do .
 I bought this game because my son is a Scooby freak . He played it and could n't get beyond 1 suspect and one clue . So I played it after he went to bed and I could n't either . I thought I must be missing something . I went in every room , I clicked on everything . Help was worthless . I thought I must be missing something simple but I guess others have this same problem . Wish I read these reviews before I bought it .
 Bought this program for my 7 year old son . -LRB- The product says ages 5-10 -RRB- . What a piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- this is ! I have had other programs from the Learning Company that perform rather well . While installing this program you are forced to install lots of other junk `` tag-a-long '' programs -LRB- AOL , Quick time etc. -RRB- just to complete the install . Finally getting the program to run I , the 36 year old adult could not figure out how to make any progress in the game at all . How can I expect my son to figure it out ? It was Impossible to even get to the games in which you earn `` Scooby Snacks '' that are needed to get around in the Castle . Printed out the entire `` Book '' of instructions and still could not get anywhere . I wish I would have read the other reviews first , I would not have bought it . My son does n't even want to try it anymore since it 's so frustrating .
 I brought this for my daughter and played it myself first . I enjoyed the difficulty that the game play provided but was extremely dissappointed to find that the second time I played was exactly the same , all the items in the same place , the game play the same , it was easy . The only thing that really changes is the villan and the clues.The kids have played once , with helpful hints from me to get them going when they got stuck . They havent been back which dosent surprise me as they tend not to replay games that do not have some varability.It could have been a great game as it has the difficulty but without varibility it is not as good as it could be.Solving the villian and clues does not play a big enough part in the game to make it replayable .
 It does not install easily ! I had to find the web site for the company who makes the cd-rom and download an update in order for it to actually install ! It took a long time for me to find this and many people would n't have been able to do this -LRB- if they are not internet savy or do n't even have internet access -RRB- . It would not recognize DircectX past version 7 and therefore would not install completely or play.When we did get it installed noticed a huge scratch/gash in the disc ... probably due to the poor and cheap packaging of the cd itself . They did not even put the cd in a plastic jewel case but in a little thin carboard envelope.I took this copy back to the store and exchanged it . After finally getting it to install and start playing something seems wrong with it . We only can find one clue and only one suspect shows up ! I am a college educated woman and I tried for over an hour to get this working . I went of the directions many times.The pointer is supposed to turn into Scooby 's hand pointing when it is on something you can click on or a possible clue . We found no more clues . Will have to take this one back to the store too . It was the last copy they had so will probably just exchange it for something else or get money back .
 H&M ; Software advertises StudioLine Photo as a unique consumer-grade digital image manager that both beginning and advanced users will enjoy . While StudioLine Photo 2.0.19 is indeed unique from its competition , the program is too immature at this time to be considered as anything but a supplemental tool.StudioLine Photo separates itself from the competition through a unique storage management scheme . By default , the program maintains and works with its own separate copy of the user 's digital image collections . None of the competition offers a similar feature , the benefit of which is this
 Wow , this software sounded so cool , all the stuff it could do , the waveform/vectorscope , the chroma/lumenence keys , you can create bars and tone just like that . All that stuff is great but the real meat and potatoes of editing quickly is just not there . The basic triming of clips is almost non-existent , one can not view a clip in the bin without putting it in the timeline first , even Pinnacle Studio products do that . What happened to audio waveforms and rubber bands , No audio mixer either ? I have found that the basics of quickly cutting clips together in a reasonably accurate fashion is laborious and tedious with Lets Edit . Also , the effects wont preview without hitting cntrl to load into Ram just like on Premiere 6.0 , how annoying . I have got a PIII 1gig with 512 ram not a 486 . I love all of the special stuff this software does , but I think I will need to use it as a post rough cut tool for chroma key , checking levels on the scopes etc. . I should just buck up and shell out the dough for Premiere Pro , I downloaded a trial version and it worked great .
 I have had two different versions of Reference Manager . I first had a version through my company , and it crashed so often and was so horrible that I used it once and then never again in that work setting . I decided to give it another try when I went back to school with the student version . Again , I have had so many problems that I would rather enter all of the references by hand . I would recommend not using this product unless you like crying over bad computer programs ...
 I use FTP as part of my trade as a web developer/manager . I have used several packages over the years including several versions of CuteFTP -LSB- when it was free , too - the good old days of the Interweb ! -RSB- . Last fall it was time to get a new computer , and that meant Windows XP Pro for me . To go along with it I upgraded several software apps that were getting long in the tooth ... I am not sure if CuteFTP Pro 6 is known to be unstable after the user applies the last round of major Windows XP Pro patches - but that was my experience . I keep Windows updated religously and in the first three months of this year CuteFTP was wildly unstable . I uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times and still it was just unreliable , often locking up my entire machine . My other applications seem to be running normally ... Finally I uninstalled it -LSB- including manually deleting remaining files and folders -RSB- . My machine went back to normal , and I started using FileZilla - which may not have as many neato features but is very stable and fast . It 's too bad having spent good money on an FTP program for about three months of practical use . But Open Source saved the day for me as buying an upgrade or another package was not an option .
 I wanted to create a slide show with music of my digital pictures . I used it to create a vcd and dvd of the same show . I had a poor experience using this program.pro : - I got a working dvd out of it and a marginally usable vcd . - It was easy to understand . - I could select when music could start and stop . - It has a nice timeline view . - The menu creator was easy to use and made a nice looking menu . - Preview function so I could see what my project looked like . -LRB- Bug alert
 I have used WINDVD Creator for about a year and decided to upgrade to WINDVD Creator 2 Platinum . I purchased from Amazon because of my experience purchasing many items and the excellent price . I received the product and installed it and it does n't work . The program `` crashes '' when making a DVD . I have tried repeatedly to contact InterVideo and have not received a response . I now have a piece of software that does n't work and can find no technical assistance .
 This program came bundled with my computer . It is pretty bad . It has limited features and I ca n't play DVD 's on my JVC DVD Player recorded with this software . I tried DVD 's and VCD 's with programs like Showbiz 2 which is very good and with Movie Factory 3 and I can even play those in the play station 2 . Also the video and sound skip a lot and it has pretty low quality . It was a major disappointment so I had to buy extra software . I Chose Movie Factory because it was cheaper , and of the same quality as showbiz , and also included burn now for recording data or music to disc . I even recorded some slide shows of my parent 's recent trip to England on Movie Factory and they were very impressed . The program might work for you , but I would n't recomend it to any one , try the demos of other software you can download directly from the internet and then choose the one that works the best for you . Most video editing software offer free trials for up to a month .
 H ave not received this product yet and was to be here on may 18 th . And have not heard back from the CO. .
 I read a lot of reviews and recommendations but none helped me with the sound sync issue . I would also not give a star but this is the minimum !
 Save your money , this product do n't work . The input from my capture device is choppy and out of sync with audio . Support is worst than the product . would give it a lower rating , but this is the lowest I can give .
 I filed a claim two days ago that I had not received this item . I contacted the seller and never heard back prior to filing a claim .
 I have been waiting for over 21/2 weeks for this item to arrive . I am very unhappy with this company and will NEVER use it again . They will not respond to my emails as to where the item is . Supposedly it was shipped a week ago .
 I have yet to recieve my product . My email asking for a status report was not replied to ...
 While Microsoft tries very hard to make Office `` think ahead of me , '' they almost always seem to get it wrong . The result is a package that consistently annoys me . It is true that one can turn off the `` helpful '' hints and otherwise customize the programs so that they are less hindering , however the bloated package will nevertheless usurp your computers resources like nobody 's business . In my opinion , Office '97 was an excellent package , and the versions since then have gone steadily downhill . As with many people , I use Office at work because I have no choice . At home I 've had good luck with StarOffice from Sun . While not perfect , StarOffice has read and created files compatible with Microsoft Office very consistently in my experience , and it 's a whole lot less expensive . I am therefore hesitant to recommend Microsoft Office Professional Edtition 2003 to anyone except those who need the most advanced functions of Excel and/or need to use Access database frequently .
 I purchased this because we inadvertantly lost our original copy , so I just needed an archive copy . I needed to use it for a feature install and the authentication code this version came with was used so many times it would not work . I found this out because I had to call Microsoft for a fix . MS fixed it for us , but this vendor was not in good stead with me after this episode . I 've used Amazon many times and this was my first bad experience . I have wanted to follow-up on this but just keep putting it off until I received this request for a review of the transaction .
 Very disappointed because the product key is wrong . My work totally got delayed . Who would thought the product key could be wrong .
 You need to get out more . Just the fact that you are looking at this page and are thinking of upgrading your Microsoft Office makes it clear that you have a problem . Do n't believe the Microsoft advertisement featuring dinosaurs to announce `` Microsoft Office Has Evolved . '' It has n't . This is a mature product . It does n't matter if you use Office 1997 , 2000 or 2003 . They are all the same . The good , the bad and the ugly . It is all still here . Maybe a few bugs have been fixed . Most have n't , and there are always new bugs . If Microsoft took the time to really improve the software , that would be one thing . But they do n't . Here is an example . You are in Outlook . You call up a contact and want to send that person a letter . You need to print an envelope , but there is no command to do so . There is no button to click . You ca n't right click anywhere to print an envelope . I am not making this up . Outlook has been out for almost ten years and multiple upgrades , and Microsoft still has n't gotten around to implementing functionality to print a single envelope . Your only option -LRB- the on-line support confirms this -RRB- is to perform a mail merge . This is an elaborate process that is designed for printing thousands of envelopes for a bulk mailing . It involves opening multiple windows and setting all sorts of settings . You have to go through the ENTIRE PROCESS just to print a single envelope ! What is more , the mail merge feature has bugs in it . It leaves blank lines in addresses that look atrocious , and it drops country names from addresses . It gives you options as to how you want country names treated in addresses , but these all do nothing . Whatever option you select , Outlook leaves countries out of addresses when it prints envelopes.I could go on , but I wo n't . If you are using Office 2000 or even Office 1997 , you are n't missing out on anything . There is absolutely no reason to shell out $ 400 for new software that does all the same things in all the same ways with mostly the same bugs .
 Dear buyersPlease be aware of those cheap office professional 2003 . After buying it , make sure you call up Microsoft to verify whether your copy is an original copy . I had mine verified and found out to be a counterfeit copy .
 This item did not reach my room . I am calling the the attention of Amazon . If I did not receive my refund I am planning to inquire with Secureties and Exchange commission why Amazon would allow this kind of seller to deceive customers .
 I feel duped . It was not as described . I want my money back . I thought I was purchasing a stand alone older copy of `` Office '' . Please stop that vendor from advertising .
 The product I recieved was PIRATED . They did a nice job of making it look convincing . However , Office 2003 requires activation - this process was circumvented . The entire install was not the norm . None of the usual options appeared , just a generic ` Installing ... ' dialogue as if the install was done in Setup2Go or similar . Also , the CDs had a hologram and it looked genuine , however it was a clear plastic label . Microsoft NEVER uses labels . The included User 's guide was the clear giveaway . None of the illustrations were legible - all black and white and poorly photocopied . It was absolutely fake.I will never purchase from ` MYBACKPOCKET ' again . -LRB- It was a very good fake however ... -RRB-
 It took this seller WEEKS to send me an in-stock item . When it did arrive it was in a cheap mailer that looked like it came from someones house . I would not order from this seller again .
 Bought this product from a company named `` TeddySoftware '' . I had to return it because the CD could n't be read.Also the picture is n't what I received.The one I received was a office 2003 pro bulk that 's suppose to be sold only with a new computer.So this is a fake product picture .
 Ordered product never arrived , repeated emails without response , and a filed complaint with Amazon and no satisfaction leave me feeling ripped off ! I 'll NEVER order another product for my business through Amazon .
 The company sent me an illegal copy of Microsoft Office , and I returned it to them . They were prompt with their email answers to me , and the refund was handled in a timely way .
 I ordered this product on July 13th and still have not received it and have tried to contact the seller several times . I still have not heard from them on this product . THey took my money and said I would receive the item by August 4 . It is now the 14th of August and nothing . I am wating to see if I get my money back or if I will receive the item I ordered . I would not recommend ordering from goods2go from Amazon.com .
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000AZJVC/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI was disappointed when I found that this version did n't contain Microsoft visio . I suggest that you add to the advertisement the list of software that each version of Microsoft Office provides .
 We ordered 2 copies of Microsoft office Professional 2003 . The supplier - Hamilton 11232 - sent only 1 copy and has ignored our follow-up communication requesting delivery information on the second copy .
 I did not receive this product . I got an email a day or so after I ordered that they no longer had this product . Had to purchase elsewhere
 When we received the software it would n't work and we had to return it . There was no problem returning the item and getting refunded . The seller was very pleasant and easy to work with .
 While I was pleased with the ease of placing the order of purchased product , I was not happy when I received the order . The product was advertised as new in orginal box . It was not shipped in the orginal container and was not new or was somehow defective . Perhaps the sellars should be held to a higher level of accountability in their advertising .
 THE DISK DID N'T WORK ! It was defective & would not load ! We had to remove our old version before installing this new one & then THE DISK WOULD N'T LOAD !! We have a home-based business & this caused a HUGE hardship for us!We asked for an immediate replacement , but instead , received a refund a few days later . Not worth the inconvenience , nightmare & downtime ! This cost us time & business!I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS SELLER ! The only good thing I can say about them is they DID give us a refund after several days of downtime .
 I never received this software , after waiting many weeks . I am very disappointed and trying to get my money back .
 The microsoft really messed up on this one . This is nothing more than Microsoft Office Professional 2003 -LSB- OLD VERSION -RSB- warmed over and has way too many options . I found it difficult to use .
 Please be aware of those cheap office professional 2003 . After buying it , make sure you call up Microsoft to verify whether your copy is an original copy . I had mine verified and found out to be a counterfeit copy .
 It took 22 days to receive , was not a valid install & I did not get a response from my email to the seller!I ordered & paid for MS-Office XP Pro 2003 , advertised & posted as new with key code , etc. . I use this version at our office , and wanted official MS software for complete updates , as our original disks were missing . The version I received is a `` Server Administrator 's copy & can not be updated unless I 'm the Server Administrator '' . My email went unanswered . BTW -- Amazon 's A-to-Z return policy does NOT cover third-party transactions!Don ' t Deal with this Seller !
 I have wrote several times to this vendor trying to get credit for this purchase or return of my funds to no avail . I have also request a trade for a like product which has also not met with any response from this vendor . I will never buy another product from this vendor and will not probably purchase via Amazon again .
 Received software but my CD rom would not read the disc ! I tried it on 2 other systems as well , so I know it was not my system . I e-mailed the seller and go no response ! I am currently disputing the charges with American Express . Seller has yet to make good on this purchase.Joe
 I tried to install this software product several times but was unsucessful . I emailed the seller , who sent me another CD . This CD would not install either . I then called Geeksquad . For $ 159.98 , the professional computer technologist examined my computer and found nothing wrong . He also was unable to install the software . On analytically examining the two CDs , he found that , although parts of them are similar to Microsoft products , other parts of them are clearly indicative of counterfeit materials .
 IT SHOWED IT WAS THE OLDER VERSION OF OFFICE PRO 2003 , BUT I RECIEVED THE UPGRADE VERSION AND THATS NOT WHAT IT SAID , NOT HAPPY AT ALL AND PROBLEY WONT ORDER AGAIN , IT SHOULD HAVE SAID UPGRADE VERSION ITS NOT A STAND ALONE VERSION
 Microsoft Office can be handy to have . The files you can open , edit and create with it -LRB- most notably . doc , . xls , and . ppt -RRB- are probably the closest to universal compatibility among all your high quality options . It 's -LRB- relatively -RRB- intuitive . It has a pretty broad array of useful functions.It 's also obscenely expensive , considering the fact that you can get all of these things -- . doc , . xls , and . ppt ; intuitive interface ; and functionality -- for free.I hunted up OpenOffice two years ago when I decided several hundred dollars was an insane price to pay for the ability to write papers , make basic presentations , or put together spreadsheets . I was looking for basic functionality , but I was pleasantly surprised ; OpenOffice does most of the neat tricks , too . -LRB- Actually , it has a neat trick Microsoft can never replicate
 Despite the pictures and what is advertised on the Amazon website , the product sent by Fund-star is merely an envelope with a CD indicating OEM software , which is not transferable between computers and does not include the same level of technical support . Fund-star did refund my money once the CD was returned unopened , but if you are not looking for OEM software , avoid buying from this vendor .
 Visit www.openoffice.org and download OpenOffice.org BEFORE you buy MS Office . OpenOffice.org will do most everything that MS Office will do , including read/write MS file formats . OpenOffice.org is FREE so you can install it on as many computers as you want , and it will even run on older , slower PCs without a problem.I have used OpenOffice.org for two years and never looked back.Hey , give it a try , it 's FREE . If you do n't like it , go buy MS.
 Since Microsoft 's new programmers to create work for them has screwed up the new WORD by making menus unfindable and complicated I want to use the good old 2003 Office but this product was not in stock with the supplier even it is being listed as available .
 2003 was expensive and with no real features I was after . That said , the disk broke , and , MSFT would not replace the disk . That 's why it 's getting one star .
 I did n't get what I ordered . I ordered a MS Office 2003 package and I got a MS Office 2003 upgrade package which was of no value to me . The plan was to load MS Office 2003 on a new PC with Windows XP .
 The CD was full of read errors . During installation , I kept getting the message , Do you want to retry reading the file . After selecting the retry option several times , I was able to install Word and Excel , but some files could not be read and had to be downloaded from the Microsoft website . The software is great , but beware of Disk errors .
 The new Office Professional has virtually no improvements over office 2000 . I am tired of making the rich richer . StarOffice does all I need and is easier to use . I do n't like the locked binary files which is just part of the monopoly this product promotes .
 expensive , not backwards compatableNot a happy experience !
 Office 2003 is quite simply the worst pile of bloated crapware I have ever had the misfortune of installing on my computer . Its slow , costs too much , eats up way too much precious hard drive space , and is difficult and unintuitive to use . Absolutely the worst experience I personally have ever had with `` productivity '' software . Do yourself a favor , go to openoffice.org , download their suite and use it . You wo n't be disappointed . Sometimes , I truly wish there were a `` zero star '' option from Amazon in rating a product . If anything deserves it , this garbage does .
 Do not waste your hard earned money and get the free OpenOffice.org -LRB- www.openoffice.org -RRB- instead.Amazon has several good books about this fantastic free office suite.Download the free office suite from www.openoffice.org
 its pirated and it does n't load and the vendor does not return e-mails
 Before you donate your hard-earned money yet again to Bill Gates ' ` Feed the Multi-Billionaire Fund ' , do yourself and the world a favor and search for ` Star Office 8 ' on Amazon and read the reviews there . I use MS Office Professional 2003 in the office , and just can not believe how badly so many businesses and individuals are being ripped off by Microsoft for this BLOAT-ware . Star Office 8 is under $ 50 from Amazon and is fully compatible with Microsoft Office , and includes full functionalities of MS Word , Excel , Powerpoint , Visio , and Access . Let me know what MS software I can buy under $ 100 , let alone $ 50 . Hopefully , this is the beginning of the end of the Microsoft Monopoly , and the dawning of the Era of Sanity in computer software .
 I wanted to update my Microsoft Office from 2000 to 2003 . I found this offer on Amazon for a `` new copy '' at a great price and love it . I couid n't have gotten a better deal if I had looked all day .
 Microsoft is simply sloppy with their programming ! `` Open Office '' is a better program , is open-source -LRB- meaning if you do n't want some paperclip 's help , you simply do n't download that part of it -RRB- AND OPEN OFFICE is FREE ! It is also compatible with most of the functions that MS Office uses -LRB- and is upgraded with new features faster than MS 's product , which is a rip-off ! -RRB- MS 's Office 97 was the best of the Office suites , even though it did have it 's problems , Spending the money to supposedly `` upgrade '' to this -LRB- or any other Microsoft product for that matter -RRB- is simply burning your money ! -RRB- OPen-source software is FREE , it 's perfectly legal , it is open t anyone decompiling it , so if you want to make your own custom goodies , you can , but then there are so many written by so many people willing to share , you do n't have to develop your own , as there are already * SO * many freebie ones -LRB- and some low-cost additions by some places , but most are free -RRB- that if you want whistles and bells , or even a Christmas theme in February , you can get it for OPEN OFFICE ! -LRB- Not so with this or ANY Microsoft product for that matter -RRB- Simply sloppy programming - nothing more , AND you can get a fully functioning and compatable office suite for free legally !
 I will never buy from this company again . I did n't receive my merchandise on time . I contacted them atleaset 4 times and they never responded . I paid by paypal , so they got their money but I never received my merchandise or heard from them . Buyers Beware !!
 Why should the average user spend lots of money , which in turn corresponds to a considerable quantity of sweated work time , which in turn corresponds to time taken away from one 's own interests , family and friends , just to buy a new version of an Office suite ? The same job of a new version of , say , a wordprocessor , can basically still be done by a word processor of 20 years ago . Do we really need all these improvements , all these animations , these `` cute effects '' etc. when what we need is simply write a letter or a report and spell-check it ? In most cases not at all . But software houses are very good at inducing people to buy their products and let them believe the new version will make them save time
 Office 2003 is an excellent program . Despite what people say , it does have some nice features that Office XP did not -LRB- spam filter for instance -RRB- . However , for $ 400 , it 's just not worth it . If it wasy say $ 150 , I might be able to recomend it . But with it 's current rediculous price tag , I just ca n't .
 Office 97 was a pretty good product . The programs were powerful , had a decent interface -LRB- maybe not as good as the Claris products of the early 1990s , but not bad -RRB- , and came with a ton of features all on one disc . The Office 98 release for Mac was pretty much the same thing . The only thing that really got annoying for me was the office assistant -LRB- paperclip -RRB- but it is easy enough to turn off.Office 2000 was a bit of a disappointment for me . I felt that the improvements were minimal -LRB- aside from a bit more stability in Word -- anyone who has ever used Word 97 on a regular basis knows it 's prone to crashing -RRB- and in fact detracted from the ease of use . One example is the clip gallery , which went from being one of the best organizers ever created to becoming a program that would n't have received decent reviews in 1988 . Another is PowerPoint 's outline feature . I always turned this off because it ate up monitor space and therefore made the actual slide smaller . When you use smaller displays like I often do this is a problem . The menus , which hide some functions until you go to the bottom of them , were also an annoyance . The manual went from being a nice thick book to one half the size.Office 2003 continues making the program uglier . Now there are many tasks crammed onto one little panel on the right of the screen . Again , this eats into the workspace . The clip art system is even more cumbersome , and many of the clips are online only now . The help feature tries to point too much in the online direction as well . Now some people may not complain , but what if you 're using a laptop in the middle of the country?I feel that the program is basically an uglier version of the same thing that was first seen in 1997 . In fact , the 1997 version was more pleasant to work with and almost as powerful . On my Macs , I 've switched to Keynote for presentations and Pages for some of my word processing because the new Office versions on that platform are similar.Some of the templates also look very 1997 . Apple 's programs are updated on a regular basis , and their templates look very modern . Now I know Microsoft adds some new ones now and then , but they should consider redesigning many of them -- such as replacing the overused Arial and Times New Roman fonts with something a little more classy.The program is bloated way too heavily . I can run Office 2000 comfortably on a 486 with sub-1GB hard drive , but ca n't even get 2003 on it.A final gripe is that Access is not user friendly at all . File Maker is a better alternative , as it is easier to use and friendlier .
 My current issue is Outlook locks up for no good reason constantly . This has caused a bunch of interesting problems , such as when I try and synch my palm and outlook decides now is hard lock time . I get this nice little message in the system tray informing me that outlook appears to be locked up or has stopped responding . This is obvious to me . Luckily I was mailed a copy of this from MS -LRB- I guess you buy 36 copies of Office 2000 Pro and they love you -RRB- . I have submitted numerous feedbacks , an average of 2 or 3 error reports per day , disabled com add-ins , etc. . As it stands Outlook has been giving me hell . Also , the junk email filter , I do n't know what logic they 're using but it is n't half as effective as cloudmark or GFI.Excel now does rock , word seems slightly improved , access I have not played around much with but it appeared to work . My question though , WHY IS CLIPPY STILL ALIVE !??!!? AHHHH !!!
 Do NOT be fooled by the statements that SW from this vendor are full retail copies or by the pictures of full retail boxed copies of the software - they are not . I ordered what was described as 2 full retail versions of Microsoft office 2003 . I was not shipped full retail versions but rather OEM copies - unboxed disks -LRB- not licensed for distribution or use when not bundled with a hardware product -RRB- . I returned the 2 disks to the vendor and to date have not recieved a refund nor have I been able to get them to return my emails . As of today I have had to initiate action through Amazon and American Express in an attempt to get the products refunded .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . IT IS A FAKE COPY AND DOES NOT WORK . NEVER PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM HOLLIS .
 One of the worst products that came out of Microsoft , it is not backward compatible , it ca n't recognize any controls from excel 2000 , as soon as I started an excel 2000 file in it -LRB- after lowering the macro security -RRB- it started giving me error , can not reference the object etc. and was unwilling to stop the debugging . I have to end the task . This happened with practically all my excel 2000 spreadsheets , in some it does n't recognize the ActiveX controls from previous version , in some cases references . I checked the reference under tools and excel 2000 reference objects were not there . At last I had to uninstall office 2003 and install office 2000 in my new PC . It is frustrating to see how Microsoft is using their monopoly in office application to squeeze as much as they can . It essentially means that one has to go on paying MS $ 400 + every year for new versions and over that have to redo their whole applications -LRB- excel , access etc. -RRB- in order for it to work . It definately does n't increase productivity.I must agree I should have listened to the other comments and should have thought of converting to OpenOffice but now it is too late for me but not for you I hope . I have finally started to migrate to Openoffice though slowly , I will also recommend to others to do the same if they want to stop paying Microsoft money everyyear for softwares that does n't work .
 Do n't order from this personHe has n't returned my money and he gave me a product key that was inactivethanksjames proch
 I bought this upgrade because I thought it would let me share my contacts . It says so on the box , but it does n't . It works just like the old contacts which you ca n't share with others except if you export it . No live sharing . Why could n't they make it so I could put the file on my server ? Or on a secure site ? Then all my office can work off one contact list .50 % or more of the time the business contacts ca n't be found when you search for a contact . It 's like the business contacts is an add in that does n't work with Outlook . Or you add contacts , save it , email to the saved email address and then go to find the contact later and it is gone.Also , lots of times when you try to SEND , the email wo n't SEND , it stays in the outbox . And repeatedly you open and hit the SEND button but it wo n't change to SEND status . Now , if you leave it in the outbox , sometimes that fools the program into letting you send other email . Or sometimes you can FORWARD and SEND . . Geez , what a waste of money this upgrade was . We wo n't be using it on any of our other computers and we have n't bought it on the new computers we have ordered .
 If you want an alternative to MS Office , that is also compatible with MS Office , use Open Office . You can find it under the Google search term Open Office . It 's a free download , and just as good as Office 2003 . You get a Word application , a spreadsheet application , and a PowerPoint application . All are compatible with Office 2003 .
 I would love to review this product , but you see , as yet , I have not received it . It 's now been over a month since the charge was registered on the account . That happened almost immediately ! Neither the seller or the Amazon A to Z Guarantee people have responded to my inquiries . And of course , finding a phone number to talk to a recording or even better yet , a live person is beyond the scope of available information . So here 's my review , since you asked . Not that it will do me any good , but at least the next customer will have a clue into the kind of experience that awaits . I hope this has been fun ! After all , that is what makes for a good review ...
 I was disappointed in this purchase . I did try to contact the seller and got no response . The disc they sent me did not work on either of my computers and I needed it for a class . I guess I am just out 90.00 .
 It has been 2 months and I still have not received my product . I will NOT buy from this seller again , and may not purchase through this method .
 After trying access -LRB- xp version -RRB- and reading several books I still wasnt able to create much of a usable database . Now that I tried Filemaker Pro 7 I will never ever attempt to use access again . Save yourself and your sanity ; get Filemaker Pro
 I 've never had the misfortune to use a less-user-friendly , less-intuitive , more complex , more erratic , more frustrating , more aggravating and ultimately less-useful program in my life . It may be great for database programmers and software engineers , but if you 're just a person running a small business and you want to set up a simple database , Access is a sure way to lose hair , turn your neck muscles into steel cables , and reduce your mind to mush while you stay up all night trying to figure out -LRB- with the help of multiple books on Access , Microsoft 's Online Support , and several forums -RRB- how to do the simplest thing to fill in a single blank on an individual form . If you can possibly arrange your life in a manner that will let you avoid Microsoft Access , do it . Run from Access as you would run from a Tyrannosaurus Rex .
 I am rating this as an Access developer , so if you are a stand alone user , or novice user , you will probably be wasting your time reading it . I have not used the prodcut enough to rate it as a standalone.I have been an Access Developer since Access 1.0 . -LRB- Yes , before Access 97 and Access 2.0 -RRB- . Access was a fine product until this release.I had an Access XP database -LRB- originally developed in Access 2000 -RRB- that always worked fine and was running in 10-15 restaurants under either Access 2000 or XP . If did not matter to me which version the customer had installed - until I ran into a site which had this brain-dead security-run-wild release Access 2003 . The key to my Access program is a VBA routine which imports DBF -LRB- DBASE -RRB- files from the restaurant Point-of-Sale -LRB- POS -RRB- system . It looks to the POS system -LRB- Digital Dining POS -RRB- which is always located on a MS Server . It then massages the files and sends a single summary file of all the POS transactions for the day to Quickbooks using Quickbooks Software Development Kit -LRB- SDK -RRB- which contains DLLs to allow a seemless interface - not an export/import but rather sending the data real-time - into Quickbooks while it is up and running.Access 2003 would not let my VBA code import any files from the MS Server . Indeed , it said that the Directory/Path etc. did not exist.I thought that I had misspelled the path , or had someother problem but nothing I did could get it to work . I then tried for about an hour to turn off security but since it was billable time for the customer , I was obliged to get it to work in short order.I was not sure what was going on . In desperation , I removed Access 2003 and installed Access XP and everything immediately worked just fine.Watch yourself if you are do anything in VBA that requries you to import files into Access or any type of file manipulation.I did not try linking the files because it is a POS system with stanalone DBF files and it can hang the POS system.I am also getting sick of seeing the same bugs follow every new version of Access . -LRB- Everyone who has run 2000 and XP will know what I am talking about . -RRB- This could have been a great product , but Microsoft has ruined it with neglect - the way they have ruined Excel and Word which were once fine programs but are now littered with bugs . I once published a newsletter and used Word to mix the text and graphics with 3 columns etc. and it was fine , but try and do that with the XP version and you will likely fail or spend so much time trying work-arounds that it will not be worth the effort . It is a struggle to get the graphics to go where you want.In Excel I have been running into a bug where you put the correct simple formula in a cell such as sum -LRB- c1 : c3 -RRB- and it sits there like there is no formula , even if you refresh it.I hope that Google puts a big scare into Microsoft and adds a database development tool to their new online word processing and spreadsheet.If I get a copy of 2003 and have a chance to test it I will update this review and hope that I can reveal the secret -LRB- if it is actually possible -RRB- to turning off the security .
 The product was missing instructions , which since it was new should have been with it , when I complained to the company it was bought from they had a convoluted return policy . I kept the product only because I needed it . I would never do business with that company again .
 I bought this pile of garbage and am as mad as hell about it . I bought it to build a web site to publish my photographs in a gallery . I went to all the expense of buying it , spent days and days building the site -LRB- which is not as intuitive as you might hope -RRB- to finally get a site which looked pretty good from my PC . I published it on the web and then discovered IT DOES N'T DAMN WELL WORK WITH ANY BROWSER OTHER THAN INTERNET EXPLORER . Exchanged phone calls and emails with Microsoft guys in India and the final word - yep , the gallery function does n't work with other browsers and there is nothing you can do.I really feel ripped off .
 I have been using FrontPage since 1997 . I am webmaster for three websites and have alway really thought this was a great program ! BUT ! I have only upgraded to FrontPage 2000 and find that with my XP computer , Win XP does not support FrontPage . Now , if I want to continue with my family Genealogy Site and a community Genealogical Society site , I will need to purchase and learn ANOTHER program . At age 70 , I really do n't feel like doing that!Does anyone know if FP 2003 will work on Win XP ? OR How can I get my FP 2000 to work on my WIN XP computer ?
 I gave this a 2nd star for a support call ms provided . If you do have a frontpage server , and have it set `` on '' , it had some advantages over ftp.I bought it for use on our family website which is mainly pictures . I 've used 6-8 programs for creating galleries over the years . I think a perl script using Linux ' mogrify worked best . This works worst ! The free ones w / the digital cameras beat it . Frontpage is missing the most fundamental piece to view photos - A next/previous button . You can choose from several thumbnail displays including a cool mosaic/colage type thing . Once you expand it , you must remember the shot you were on , back up , and then click on the next one ! Unbelievable.I know what I need for handling photos efficiently . Flicr has it - cross-tab indexing of the same photo . I think picassa is close and getting closer . This was n't worth the cost of Picassa - FREE .
 This program is useless ! Do n't waste your hard-earned money on this junk . The interface is horrible , the overall design absolutely makes no sense , and the so-called components wo n't work.Bottom line is ... unless you want to flush your money down the tubes , do n't bother buying this.Instead , may I suggest Dreamweaver , or NetObjects Fusion ; two very high quality programs .
 I am not a ` professional , ' but figured out how to build a website with this program , which I bought thinking that it was going to help me produce more professional-looking websites/pages , and I invested a bunch of other money in how-to books I 'd ordered here , and lo and behold , the server with which I have a website I maintain for my city gov ' t does NOT support any sites made with this program , and then I find that NEITHER DOES YAHOO where I have my personal site and have been promoting to the city to move their official website to !!! I 've apparently wasted a lot of money and had NO CLUE this would happen when I finally put a website together with this program . I never would have imagined Yahoo would not support the most current page builders , but it could be they want to force people to use their wizards . WHY would Microsoft not have a patch available or something to fix this problem so this program can be used for more than just my entertainment spending hours and hours trying to learn it and build something , then find out it was for NOTHING ??? Of course , both the server with the city website and Yahoo work with versions up to 2002 ... but I ca n't invest another over - $ 100 for the old version now just for that . Yeah , it 's great ... made a pretty page , but only I can see it . If I could publish with it , I would n't have just given it one star here .
 Disk took 2 weeks to arrive , it was cracked -LRB- sent in paper envelope with no protection -RRB- and had `` NOT FOR RESALE '' stamped on its front . I attempted numerous times to contact the seller to no avail .
 You need to get out more . Just the fact that you are looking at this page and are thinking of upgrading your Microsoft Office makes it clear that you have a problem . Do n't believe the Microsoft advertisement featuring dinosaurs to announce `` Microsoft Office Has Evolved . '' It has n't . This is a mature product . It does n't matter if you use Office 1997 , 2000 or 2003 . They are all the same . The good , the bad and the ugly . It is all still here . Maybe a few bugs have been fixed . Most have n't , and ther are always new bugs . If Microsoft took the time to really improve the software , that would be one thing . But they do n't . Here is an example . You are in Outlook . You call up a contact and want to send that person a letter . You need to print an envelope , but there is no command to do so . There is no button to click . You ca n't right click anywhere to print an envelope . I am not making this up . Outlook has been out for almost ten years and multiple upgrades , and Microsoft still has n't gotten around to implementing functionality to print a single envelope . Your only option -LRB- the on-line support confirms this -RRB- is to perform a mail merge . This is an elaborate process that is designed for printing thousands of envelopes for a bulk mailing . It involves opening multiple windows and setting all sorts of settings . You have to go through the ENTIRE PROCESS just to print a single envelope ! What is more , the mail merge feature has bugs in it . It leaves blank lines in addresses that look atrocious , and it drops country names from addresses . It gives you options as to how you want country names treaed in addresses , but these all do nothing . Whatever option you select , Outlook leaves countries out of addresses when it prints envelopes.I could go on , but I wo n't . If you are using Office 2000 or even Office 1997 , you are n't missing out on anything . There is absolutely no reason to shell out $ 300 for new software that does all the same things in all the same ways with mostly the same bugs .
 Before you donate your hard-earned money yet again to Bill Gates ' ` Feed the Multi-Billionaire Fund ' , do yourself and the world a favor and search for ` Star Office 8 ' on Amazon and read the reviews there . I use MS Office Professional 2003 in the office , and just can not believe how badly so many businesses and individuals are being ripped off by Microsoft for this BLOAT-ware . Star Office 8 is under $ 50 from Amazon and is fully compatible with Microsoft Office , and includes full functionalities of MS Word , Excel , Powerpoint , Visio , and Access . Let me know what MS software I can buy under $ 100 , let alone $ 50 . Hopefully , this is the beginning of the end of the Microsoft Monopoly , and the dawning of the Era of Sanity in computer software .
 Yes , I love Microsoft Office . It 's incredibly user friendly , it has wonderful features , most of which I do n't even know how to use , and it 's spelling and grammar checking features are the best of it 's kind . I 've been fortunate enough to have been a student up to now in my life and therefore did not have to buy Microsoft for my personal use , the school would always buy one for me . And of course there are always illegitimate means ... but I 'm not advocating piracy here.However , I would be the last person on earth to consider using Microsoft Office if I had to pay $ 350 for it . It 's an insane price . consider the alternatives : Open Office
 Item being reviewedMicrosoft Office Standard Edition 2003 -LSB- OLD VERSIO -RRB- ????????????? I was very , very disapointed !!!! Thinking I was buying a NEW ITEM -LRB- Paying $ 250.00 -RRB- and receiving a SEALED program it would not load onto my computer . I spent hours trying to find out why I kept getting an `` INVALID '' product key number , which was located inside the disc case.If I was the average person today I would have just given up and returned the item . Instead I kept searching and finally got some from a Microsoft Tech that tracked the product key number to a `` TEMP '' program and not a new program . He issued a new product key number and I finally was able to load the program.The program FINALLY loaded and is working -- Will I buy additional programs on line ? I do n't think so -- Joe Cornell
 I really thought that office was better proir to the whole XP upgrade , but that I will leave to other discussions.This product is your standard Microsoft office products . I am fairly sure that most have experienced their products . There are no surprises and the added bells and whistles are n't worth the upgrade unless your are a VBA programmer.Now , having gone through all of this , I DO NOT rcommend that you purchase this product , but purchase the Student version . Same product - HUGELY different price .
 I can not review the product as it would n't load into the computer . The seller did not reply when contacted about the difficulty .
 This software is not worth upgrading . I think Access 2000 is the best database and 2002 is good if you want to use Data Access Pages . Access 2003 has a lot of bugs . I 'm having trouble with basic formulas . This is very frustrating.Be careful , especially if you do n't have time to trouble shoot software changes .
 Attempted to upgrade from 97 to 2003 ... bad move ... none of my access 97 programs work now ... in fact I , I brought home a 2003 access database from work to see if it was an incampatibility problem between the two versions ... nope ... the upgrade just did n't work ... had to purchase a full version to set things right ... save your money on this product ...
 I would have to say this product is pretty amazing . However , to use it to it 's full capability would require you to have a robust Active Directory , Windows 2003 , Sharepoint Portal Server , Exchange 2003 , SQL Server 2000 and a ton of trained end users.The biggest downfall is that there is no viewer availiable so any forms that you create using Infopath will require the client PC to have a copy/liscensed version ... You do the math . = -RRB-
 I love excel and have run excel 2003 for years - but I sure do n't like excel 2007 - the menus are busy , over-developed and non intuitive - and you ca n't modify them back to the `` classic '' look and feel - what a step backward - I 'm throwing away the money I put into buying 2007 and getting 2003 back - it 's a super program , but 2007 is a real step backwards interface and useability wise . Buy 2003 if you have the chance - it might be forced out sometime - then I go to a mac running XP and I 'll stay non upgraded .
 Probably an OK product but just way over my head for a non-geek like me . Liked the old 1-2-3 better .
 OneNote is a great idea and a generally well executed piece of software . It 's good but there 's far cheaper shareware out there -LRB- such as Treepad -RRB- that are n't as cute or pretty but every bit as good and more functional in other respects.If you 're a student and can afford to pay for this out of your pocket -LRB- or your parent 's -RRB- then you might want to think your spending habits.The ability to import and export is very limited which came as a great surprise to me . I figured that the price tag would bring a wide range of export and import capabilities with it.The Research Tool is a nice touch but I am a little suspicious of how OneNote limits you to certain services that add another charge on top of the fixed price . In fairness , you can use the basic MSN Encarta resources for free but I do not think that a product such as this should dictate what services you can use . Furthermore , if you are an undergraduate -LRB- or higher -RRB- student , the resources available to you would not be suffice to put together a respectable reportThere appears to be advantages here for tablet PC users but I ca n't tell how well the software works with this technology.Overall , if I had mad money , or my company 's money to spend on this -LRB- and not feel guilty -RRB- -- I would . If you do n't , I 'd try out Microsoft 's OneNote trial software and then seriously think about how it would help your workflow versus all of the other alternatives out there .
 It is not compatable with older versons of OneNote . My fault , I did n't do my home work . It is fine otherwise .
 I have used OneNote for about a month , and do n't plan on going back!Big problems : - Buggy !! People keep saying how `` mature '' this product is , but it `` freaks out '' on me pretty regularly . It starts duplicating inks in random places while I write ! Once this happens , it wont work properly with anything short of a reboot.-TERRIBLE INK SUPPORT !!!! If OneNote was as good as Journal at manipulating Ink , life would be swell . But OneNote 's attempt to make ink containers more text-like means the results of copy/cut & paste is a NIGHTMARE . I cant just select an area of text . If OneNote thinks that the one word I put in Red is a different paragraph -LRB- and it usually does . . -RRB- and does not select with the rest of the paragraph/sentence . Same with trying to add space in the middle of a document . SOME of the closest paragraph move down , only to covers/overlay lower paragraphs that DID N'T move down properly.Journal + OneNote 's organization/tabs would be awesome . OneNote v1 .0 . . it totally unusable . .
 This is a nice product . I was excited at the prospect of being able to export my notes into Microsoft Word . However , Microsoft does not emphasize is the fact that you have to buy Word 2003 to make it work . Cutting and pasting does n't even work except for small tidbits , very frustrating . I can not fathom that Microsoft did not know that So if you do n't have Office 2003 , expect to pay another $ 300 to buy the Office upgrade.It also OneNote files do n't seem to be easiley transferrable from one computer to the next . If they are , they need to do a better job at explaining how to .
 Onenote came with my new laptop -LRB- so I didnt have to put down almost $ 200 on it -RRB- I find as college student , it 's too much of a hassel to type instead of writing the old fashion way . I used Onenote to take notes on a movie for a class and it was a hassel . Also there 's no way to save . If you want to type your note save money and use Word instead .
 he is a scammer - he sold educational version of OneNotes that was `` FOR EDUCATIONAL USE ONLY - NOT FOR RESALE '' so blow him off
 I CA N'T REALLY WAIT TO GET MY COPY OF THIS , BY THE LOOKS OF THE SCREENSHOTS THE GRAPHICS ARE INCREDIBLE !!! 11i THINK MICROSOFT HAS REALLY PRODUCED AN EXCELLENT PIECE OF SOFTWARE THIS TIME IVE NEVER PLAYED IT BUT MY FRIENDS TELL ME ALL HOW COOL IT IS OMG!DEFINATELY IF YOU ARE A FAN OF STICKY NOTES , OR YOU CA N'T FIGURE OUT HOW TO TYPE YOUR NOTES INTO NOTEPAD , THIS PROGRAM IS PROBABLY WORTH THE MONEY SO BUY IT LIKE I DID ^
 Bought originally 10.1 version , then downloaded update since I am using Panther now . FAXstf X 10.5 constantly crashes , or cuts incoming faxes off in the middle . Called customer service -LRB- no 800 number - 20 min hold time -RRB- - a very unfriendly customer `` service '' agent explained that since I did n't buy FAXstf X for Panther , but downloaded the update , I do not qualify for customer support.I use a lot of different software products for OS X , but this is the most problematic product with the worst customer service I have ever experienced.Well done - SmithMicro!PS
 Do n't buy from J&R ; - You only get CD , not the full Product.Something they fail to tell you and try to fool you by showing a picture of the box ... But you only get a CD .
 I like the new interface , but Outlook 2003 will not use Word as the text editor unless you also install Word 2003 . Once you uninstall Outlook 2003 you have to reinstall your entire Office program to get your old Outlook back . WHY DO N'T THEY WARN YOU ABOUT THIS IN ADVANCE ? But Microsoft will refund your purchase price if you call 800-360-7561 .
 Limited integration of standalone Outlook 2003 with word or office 2000 . * The following from Microsoft Outlook 2003 deployment site : `` If users upgrade to Outlook 2003 before upgrading to other Office applications , they will not be able to use Microsoft WordMail as their e-mail editor . The version of Microsoft Word must match the version of Outlook in order for WordMail to be available as the editor in Outlook . ''
 I have always given Outlook a second chance every time Microsoft comes out with a new version and some reason or another I end up switching back to something else.I really like the concepts of having an `` all-in-one '' package for email , contacts , appointments , etc ; But Microsoft needs to start paying more attention to detail on email functionality.After using Outlook 2003 for about a year now , here are some annoyances that are driving me away from this product .1 . -RRB- Can not add my own email filters and filter rules . This feature should be a given and my biggest complaint . Why do I need to rely on Microsoft to update Junk Email filters for me ? Other email clients -LRB- Such as Netscape -RRB- allow me to add a filter for certain key words and an action such as `` send to trash '' if it encounters those key words .2 . -RRB- Junk Email features are a joke . Again , anchored on my 1st complaint , if junk email arrives in my inbox , I have to add the sender to the block senders list . This is fine if the sender always uses the same return address , but as you know with spammers , this is never the case . Also , Outlook waits to inform me that the email is junk AFTER I 've opened the email .3 . -RRB- Too much security , and no control . Is there such thing as too much security ? I believe there is if I ca n't control what I want enabled and disabled without a bunch of registry hacks.Instead of Microsoft making the decision for me of what I can view or can not view as an attachment , I would prefer to make that decision for myself .4 . -RRB- Favorite Email Folders is a stupid and useless feature and you ca n't get rid it . This window is just useless clutter , but yet again , we have no control of what 's displayed in the outlook window . Enough said .5 . -RRB- Forwarded messages arrive as attachments , no way to change this . Another big complaint of mine . If a message was forwarded 3,4 or more times , I have keep drilling down through the attachments for each time the message was forwarded just to get to the original message . Ultimately you end up with x number of useless windows open cluttering up your taskbar and x number of windows I have to close once I 'm done reading the original message . If a message was forwarded 4 times before it got to me , that 's 4 times I have to double click an attachment and 4 extra windows open . It would be nice to have the option to have all forwarded messages contained within the same message body instead as an attachment .
 I like the new layout of the panes in the Outlook 2003 window but is it worth the price of the upgrade ? Probably not.I have run into a few problems since I first rated this product.I read a couple reviews of the Office 2003 upgrade and found that others felt the Outlook 2003 upgrade is the only part of the new Office suite that is worth the cost and hassle to upgrade . I decide to take their advice -LRB- and save $ -RRB- and only upgrade OL.Two problems have arisen since then .1 . The Office Shortcut bar is no longer a part of the Office suite . This is a great disappointment to me because this is one of the great efficiency tools that Windows has to offer . Luckily , Office XP is still installed as Word/Excel/PowerPoint so I still have the bar but the buttons which applied to OL 2003 are no longer available . If you are dependent on this feature as I have become , do n't upgrade the full suite or it will disappear .2 . Because of the conflicting versions of the Office suite that I am using , there is n't full functionality between the programs anymore . For example , I can no longer send the body of a Word/Excel document as the body of an email by simply clicking the `` E-mail '' on the toolbar in the application . This is more trivial than the first issue .
 Outlook 2003 is certainly prettier than past versions , but I find the interface cluttered and harder to use . For example , in Outlook 2000 you could enter a Contact 's nickname in the ` To ' line , but this does n't work with this ` upgrade ' . Also annoying is the Microsoft Online billboard that appears to the right of the screen , masquerading as a help bar . It does include help functionality , but it also includes ` push ' topics that tout Microsoft 's other products.My biggest gripe is that Outlook 2003 added a new nanny feature that prevent users from receiving email attachments with dozens of extensions , including Access and Foxpro database files . If you 're using Outlook in standalone mode , you ca n't override this setting . You ca n't save the file . You ca n't forward it . You 're just out of luck . Also , if another user tries to email you a link to a website -LRB- using the ` send as link ' function in IE -RRB- , Outlook blocks the resulting . url file.Of course there are clunky workarounds for all these deficiencies , assuming you can cajole the sender into putting up with the hassle of jumping through hoops made necessary by your new mail client . Security is important , but crippling your software rather than designing it correctly in the first place sounds more like a shareware workaround than the latest product of a $ 270 billion company.I got Office 2003 on my new PC , but if I could , I would go back to Outlook 2000 in a heartbeat . If you 're thinking of upgrading , do n't !
 Pourquoi il arrive que des pages tapes hors connexion ne partent quand on conecte ?
 I ordered Outlook 2003 with great confidence . However , I was unable to load it on my Dell running Windows 2000 with 256 MB of ram , even after reinstalling it several times . Worse , when I removed it and tried to reinstall Outlook 2002 -LRB- from the Office XP suite -RRB- , that would no longer work . After spending several hours with technical support over several days and being bumped up to a supervisor , I was finally able to revert to my older Outlook . The supervisor told me that other staff had told him that Outlook 2003 had problems as a stand-alone product because it shares code with Word 2003 . Now they tell us ... . I 'm sure it 's a great product if it can be made to work , but I was unable to make it work .
 Outlook 2003 does not work with MS Word 2002 as the e-mail editor . Reverse is also true . Ditto on all other 2002 programs andindividual program 2003 upgrades . - Copy and paste is even limited in formatting = a copied formatted text from Word to Outlook 2003 can not be re-formatted . - Table option is not available at all . - Neither is picture formatting . - Forget mail merge!It 's a waste of time if you need programs to interact.This is a deception on the part of Microsoft as they do not make this clear at all when your purchase individual program upgrades .
 I made a terrible mistake in purchasing this upgrade . Having spent a total of 14 hours on phone with Microsoft Technical Support they were unable to get my PC to accept the upgrade . Microsoft grudgingly admitted they have a lot of glitches with Office 2003 and they plan to ship a revision on February , 28 2004 . Meantime , Microsoft refused to issue a refund or offer any type of amicable solution . My battle with the 6,000 lb gorilla continues .
 Let me start by saying that I 'm no computer expert -LRB- far from it -RRB- and that Power Point 2003 is a good program that is already reaping rewards for me . BUT I have to say that this version is too high for me and that one should buy this in a package deal -LRB- Microsoft Student Edition -RRB- if you do n't need all the `` extra '' features that are basically useless for someone using this stuff at home . Through a series of events -LRB- or calamity , as my wallet put it -RRB- I ended up buying Microsoft Office Basics 2003 that came with -LRB- a -RRB- Word 2003 -LRB- b -RRB- Excel 2003 and -LRB- c -RRB- Outlook but that did n't have Powerpoint included . So , I thought that I 'd be able to get an Upgrade addition to work on my computer because the box lists a series of Office editions that would be upgradeable . When I got it home , however , I found that it did n't work with Office 2003 and that I 'd have to get the extended version . It would work if I had an older computer with older software , but newer stuff required a stand alone piece of software if it is n't included in the bundle.When I went back with this quandary , the price of this program cost more than my bundle pack of software and I found myself a bit unhappy because I could either -LRB- a -RRB- buy this overpriced thing by forking out almost two hundred bucks or -LRB- b -RRB- buy a student addition that basically meant repurchasing all the programs I had and forking out hundred + dollars . I opted for the second , not really happy with the choice but needing the presentation power in my hands and not wanting to pay too much , and I kept thinking that this piece of software is wayyy too expensive for the average laptop.The moral of the story
 This version of Powerpoint is nearly a decade old , yet people still use it . It is nothing compared to 2010 , which has a sleek interface and some amazing features . Even 2007 has better 3D functions and animations . Avoid this , get 2010 , and if you still use 2003 you should upgrade .
 You need to get out more . Just the fact that you are looking at this page and are thinking of upgrading your Microsoft Office makes it clear that you have a problem . Do n't believe the Microsoft advertisement featuring dinosaurs to announce `` Microsoft Office Has Evolved . '' It has n't . This is a mature product . It does n't matter if you use Office 1997 , 2000 or 2003 . They are all the same . The good , the bad and the ugly . It is all still here . Maybe a few bugs have been fixed . Most have n't , and ther are always new bugs . If Microsoft took the time to really improve the software , that would be one thing . But they do n't . Here is an example . You are in Outlook . You call up a contact and want to send that person a letter . You need to print an envelope , but there is no command to do so . There is no button to click . You ca n't right click anywhere to print an envelope . I am not making this up . Outlook has been out for almost ten years and multiple upgrades , and Microsoft still has n't gotten around to implementing functionality to print a single envelope . Your only option -LRB- the on-line support confirms this -RRB- is to perform a mail merge . This is an elaborate process that is designed for printing thousands of envelopes for a bulk mailing . It involves opening multiple windows and setting all sorts of settings . You have to go through the ENTIRE PROCESS just to print a single envelope ! What is more , the mail merge feature has bugs in it . It leaves blank lines in addresses that look atrocious , and it drops country names from addresses . It gives you options as to how you want country names treaed in addresses , but these all do nothing . Whatever option you select , Outlook leaves countries out of addresses when it prints envelopes.I could go on , but I wo n't . If you are using Office 2000 or even Office 1997 , you are n't missing out on anything . There is absolutely no reason to shell out $ 300 for new software that does all the same things in all the same ways with mostly the same bugs .
 It came with only one application and I expected at least two . I wanted one for home and one for work . When I bought it initally 7 years ago it came with 3 applications .
 Most of you confirmed exactly what I thought I would find . So far this year everything from Microsoft that I have tried has been a mess . Because I have been having problems with Outlook 2003 I thought it might be worthwhile to upgrade . Instead , I am off to google mail . Thanks for saving be $ 300 bucks .
 I used to type brochures using Microsoft Word . It was a hassle , so I decided to try Publisher 2003 . After several hours simply trying to get a specific yet simple template set up , I gave up in frustation . Most disappointing !
 Before you donate your hard-earned money yet again to Bill Gates ' ` Feed the Multi-Billionaire Fund ' , do yourself and the world a favor and search for ` Star Office 8 ' on Amazon and read the reviews there . I use MS Office Professional 2003 in the office , and just can not believe how badly so many businesses and individuals are being ripped off by Microsoft for this BLOAT-ware . Star Office 8 is under $ 50 from Amazon and is fully compatible with Microsoft Office , and includes full functionalities of MS Word , Excel , Powerpoint , Visio , and Access . Let me know what MS software I can buy under $ 100 , let alone $ 50 . Hopefully , this is the beginning of the end of the Microsoft Monopoly , and the dawning of the Era of Sanity in computer software .
 I 've been searching for a `` learning system '' for my children . I want one that will replicate what they are getting at a local learning center . That program costs a lot per month per child . It emphasizes repetition by presenting open ended questions in math , english , etc. . It is self paced . THIS Fogware Elementary Learning System does not do any of that . This Fogware merely presents concepts of math , english , etc. without any problem solving at all . But even the concepts were not adequately explained . For example , the concept of common denominator when adding/subtracting fractions was merely presented as a task to find the common denominator . There was no explanation that the reason you have to find the common denominator is so that both fractions are expressed as the same place value so that the numerators could be summed . For the same reason you would not add a digit from the 10 's place value with a digit in the 1 's place value , you would not add a numerator value from the 4ths -LRB- quarters , ex . 1/4 -RRB- place value with a numerator value from the 3rds -LRB- thirds , ex . 1/3 -RRB- place value . They should explain you must convert the fractions so that they are both represented in the same place value , ie . common denominator . Also the programs they provide are complilations of seemingly independent software pulled together by the Fogware publisher to sell in one package . Unfortunately , the Disk 2 from my set was not working at all so I can not comment on the History content . Likewise , the Audio Books feature did not work either . If you do want a program that will give great instruction on basic math then seek out the Teaching Company . They have a Basic Math DVD -LRB- runs on TV -RRB- which has a brillantly clear instructor . -LRB- Be forewarned there are no fancy entertaining graphics with the Teaching Company Basic Math . It is a lecture format . Children must have good attention span . -RRB- My 9 and 10 yr old children gave mixed reviews to this Fogware Elementary Learning System . They enjoyed the age-appropiate colorful graphics . They also liked the ability to replay any page . But they were very disappointed there were very few `` test questions '' for each topic . This Fogware is cute on graphics , but weak on practice questions . I am returning the unopened Middle School Learning System .
 The only thing I am not crazy about with the Mac is the lack of clip art or royalty free pictures . So , I got Photo Objects.While some are actually quite nice , the bulk of the photos are really not up to snuff . Pictures of cheesy statues , etc.My biggest problem is it will not install correctly and keeps freezing up.Get an on-line service if you really need the clip art .
 One year after purchasing this program it stopped working . Technical Support in gone . Phone numbers to `` Technical Assistance '' no longer work.WASTE OF $ 40.00
 Not what I expected ! Yes , it has many , many , many images but most of them are repeated many times . The pictures do n't have a professional look , it 's complicated . And , let 's say , you 're looking for an `` ice cream '' , you know , just an ice cream ... you 'll find one or two and the rest is images of people eating an ice cream , or ice cream cars , or ice cream makers , or ice cream boxes , but not many options of ice cream photo objects ! In a software like this , you 'll expect to find only `` Photo Objects '' , but no ! Most of them are just photos , and I was looking for photo OBJECTS ! That simple . So not worth the $ 50 + I paid ! Come on , `` software companies '' out there ... please come up with something really professional , really cool , easy to work with on Macs ! I 'm sure most of us will pay any amount for an awesome product , as long as we get exactly what we 're looking for in a piece of software ! What the f@*% is this ? The Twilight Zone ?!!!
 I have a AMD 1.8 G system with 500 meg of memory . Two 120g harddrives , one dedicated to video only . This system surpasses Pinnacle 's recommended requirements for running Ver-9 software.The front end works well . However , when attempting to render and burn a CD it does nothing.I did every recommended proceedure that the service dept asked me to do . No results.They have finally given up assisting me and suggested that Iget a refund.I am running Win 2k software and have many different kinds ofsoftware programs installed and running without any issues.Studio 9 is the only one that has ever failed me.The attempt to fix for this software has been going on for 3 or 4 months now . Their customer service dept is awfull to work with . It takes 2 days to get a response to a question . Needless to say their software writers have a long way to go before thisversion will run on all the different kinds of systems out there .
 After finally rendering my project after multiple crashes and burning to a DVD the the audio was out of sync with the video and nothing I tried would remedy the problem . It ca n't be my computer as I have twice the specs the program requires . I am very disappointed with this program . Before buying this wait until a new version comes out and they have worked out all the bugs in this one .
 I can not believe that they are still in business under the same name . I have owned several versions of Studio , starting with the one that ccame with my 1.6 G Compaq . Not one of them has ever worked as claimed . Like another reviewer implied , if you buy a program from them , spend an equal or greater amount on Valium . You might get something , but it wo n't be without pain and suffering . I have been through the service maze - it is beyond useless - it is a trap . A typical reply takes three weeks and consists of a shrug and suggestion you upgrade to the newest version . Of course , that works the same or worse than the one you have.If this company built roads , I would n't drive on them .
 This software did not install properly on my XP system . I have installed dozens of other products without any problem . Only the Pinnacle Studio software did not install . I checked Pinnacle 's user forum web site - it appears many customers are having the same problem trying to get this software to install .
 I can not speak on behalf of the other types of camcorders , but if you have a Sony MicroMv camcorder , do not buy this product . I started out with Studio 8 in May 2003 and upgraded to Studio 9 in May 2004 hoping that I would be able to create my first DVD with the upgrade . I wo n't get into the myriad of problems I experienced with Studio 8 . I could n't even get past the capture process in Studio 9 . Studio dropped all but the first one minute of my tape . The problem has nothing to do with my system as I not only have a very powerful system , I 've been capturing to a 160GB external hard drive . It turns out that Pinnacle is aware of a known error when trying to capture using MicroMv camcorders . They have been promising a patch since March and to date can not guarantee when it will be released . I am truly sorry I wasted my money on this product . It just seems to be one problem after another with them .
 I give this program 1 star because : - Additional purchases of keys to unlock for more features are required . Ex . to use 5.1 audio channel you will need to pay $ 10.00 . - Rendering process takes helly long time to finish and freeze your computer all the time . - The video capture frees the computer and stops after capturing 45 min as well -LRB- due to technical prolems with Window -RRB- . - Burn the disc image to my hardrive but when I burn it to my DVD , the project always stop at 85 % . I went back to edit and redo for more than 3 times and still can not make it work . - The website sells the program for users who want to upgrade to the new version -LRB- v. 10 -RRB- more expensive than the Amazon website sells .
 I wish I 'd read the reviews on this site before falling prey to the Best Buy employees who assured me it was the best video editing software available . -LRB- ... -RRB- First problem was the fact that the North American version does not have a PAL capability . I 've shot movies in the UK and have relatives there that send me home videos , yet I was unable to edit them . Even the cruddy bog standard video maker that came with my PC could do this . After having to call Pinnacle for the PAL code , I find the product is incapable of executing the simplest actions without crashing . I have a new PC and 60 gigs of memory . Anyone knows how very easy it is to get downloadable/pirated movie makes , yet Pinnacle punishes you for doing the ` right ' thing by ripping you off $ 80 for a substandard product . I can say with all honesty that this is indeed THE WORST PRODUCT I HAVE EVER BOUGHT . It profits me nothing to write this review , I 'm trying to save you money , if you 'll heed this and many of the other warnings from other buyers you 'll do yourself a favor and SKIP THIS PRODUCT !
 Wow , looks like I 'm not alone in my pissedoffedness of Pinnacle Studio 9 . The board is easy enough to install , and I got no complaints about the 1.2 Gig of software you have to load before you fire this tool up , but I do have a HUGE problem with the 69Mb `` patch '' you have to download from Pinnacle 's website in order to make this product semi-functional . Yes , sixty-nine meg , and it WILL NOT WORK without it!I have been able to successfully render short clips of 5 minutes or less in decent quality , but as another reviewer wrote this product is useless for creating DVDs in any length . Maybe if you 're running a Cray or something you might be able to make this work , but as it is Studio 9 is way too unstable , and the DVD authoring process is just too damn slow , even on a 3.2 G P4 with 2Gig of memory.Sorry , I cant tell you what to buy instead , I can only tell you that you wont be happy with Studio 9 . At under $ 80 it 's cheap for a reason .
 I have owned this product for just over a month , and have been using it regularly . It is running on a monster PC packed with a 200 gig hard drive , 256 mb of video ram , 1 gig of system memory , a top of the line Pentium 4 processor , using XP professional . So , Pinnacle can not blame the hardware ! If you use the BASICS of the software , you MIGHT be ok - but when pushed to the limit , the software FAILS miserably ! I am currently working on a 10 minute video project , adding an audio track and editing - a basic function of this software - yet , it can not handle the process . The software constantly locks up performing simple tasks - such as opening a section of video . I have actually uninstalled the software , and reinstalled it just to get it to operate again . On the second install , I chose NOT to install the 9.3.5 upgrade released late in 2004 , in hopes the software would be more stable - and in fact , it has been . Support is worthless - it took nearly a week to get a response , and the diagnosis was hysterical - I 'll post it at my web site soon -LRB- drakkar91.com / studio -RRB- . Equally sad is this software wins awards from big-name PC magazines - must be pay for play , because anyone putting this software to the test will see it can not handle larger more intense projects . Spend your money elsewhere . Why pay retail for software like this ? No wonder so many people download bootlegged copies off the Internet - it 's not like you 're getting good software or support for the money paid .
 As others have stated , this program has lots of bugs and the company provides little support . Adobe Premiere Elements knocks the socks off Studio 9 , and you can buy it and Photoshop Elements bundled on Amazon for less than the retail price of Studio . Save yourself the frustration and headaches of Studio 9 and buy Adobe Premiere elements .
 My bad experience with Pinnacle Systems Studio 9 started when I found out it was crippled , right out of the box . You can not create MPEG-2 videos until you activate it over the Internet.The advertised `` over 200 scene transitions '' it claims are false . You can not use most of them unless you upgrade.Rendering a 55 minute DVD video was an overnight job which would crash my computer about half way through . When I repeatedly deleted scenes it was unable to render , it finally finished with no error messages . But , the video was useless . The opening menu was completely black except for the button outlines . The audio was broken and choppy throughout . And , there was no video at all . It was 100 % black for about the first 40 minutes of the movie.This is a useless product . Do not buy it . I have since switched to Ulead VideoStudio 8 , which I strongly recommend . It runs twice as fast , works fine with 512M of RAM , and rendered everything perfectly the first time I used it . Unlike Pinnacle 's product , it is not crippled , and all of the advertised transitions are functional .
 Do n't read any further -------- go research some other video editing software because Studio 9.0 stinks . It crashes more than a deer in a china shop . If software had a lemon law like cars , then this product would qualify . I have had this software since February and have spent untold hours trying to get it to work . So far I have one 7 minute video and a 23 minute video that both required numerous attempts and workarounds . I have come to hate the word RENDER with this software -- it takes hours -LRB- usually overnight -RRB- only to find out it crashed during the rendering process . If by some stroke of luck it does complete the rendering process , you have to cross your fingers and hope that your audio comes out OK on the DVD . In my case I found that Studio 9 has a serious problem with background music/audio -- sometimes it is on your finished DVD and sometimes it is not . It WILL consistently crash during rendering plus other random times . In one project it would crash when I dragged a transition to the timeline ! At first I thought it was me , but after reading these reviews , the Pinnacle forum and other DVD forums I discovered that everyone is having basically the same problems . It is too bad because this product has some great features and is pretty easy to figure out . Check out the review on Feb. 28 and that about sums it up . Unfortunately , I love a challenge and I have spent way too long trying to make this product work . I am giving up on it and today I decided to put my losses behind me and I went out and purchased Sony Screenblast Movie Studio -- so far so good . Do n't wait for version 10 , because if they have n't figured it by now , then they never will . Pinnacle should remove this buggy software from the market immediately -- it is dangerous to a person 's sanity !!!
 I bought both Studio 8 and Studio 9 and I was disappointed with both of the products : Studio 81 . It ca n't import movies made by Windows MovieMaker ; 2 . It ca n't use MP3 files ; you have to load a CD and it slowly reads the track before you can use it ; 3 . Menu creation is buggy ; 4 . It crashes a lot!Studio 91 . It still ca n't load movies made by WIndows MovieMaker ; 2 . Buggy audio track editing . Very bad routine for adjusting music track volume ; 3 . Created blank clips when I tried to create an AVI file on the hard disk ; 4 . Bad organization of video , music , image collections ; 5 . Crashes a lot6 . Menu creation is more buggy7 . Menu artwork looks cheesy!I still have not created a DVD using these 2 products.If you 're reading this , I beg you not to buy this product . Just use Windows MovieMaker -- it 's simpler to use with not a lot of distractions . Then just buy Sonic MyDVD 5.3 to create the menus and burn the AVI files to DVD .
 The reviews below explain at length many of the the problems I have also encountered , so I will be more brief . I do not usually write reviews , but I have never had a software program fail at such a fundamental level . On my system it will not render full length videos and therefore it also will not burn them . I have a Pentium 2.5 processor , 1 gig of ram and an 80 gig hard drive , which according to their information should easily be enough . I did upgrade to the most current version , 9.4.2 , though even that was difficult - their web link instructions did not match the actual web page once you got there . I did not run any other programs while trying to make Studio 9 work . It does capture video sucessfully , but locked up my machine every time I tried to render more than a few minutes , which is a preliminary requirement for subsequently burning a DVD . I could not reach Pinnalce 's `` one free call '' support in three tries of about one half hour each , on three different days . After that it is $ 30 per call and I think there is a fair chance you will be making some additional calls.The store salesman told me that this is the best program in its price range , and unfortunatley I believed him , even though I had read the reviews and been adequately warned ! -LRB- stupid , stupid , stupid ! -RRB- I am now out $ 100 , which the store will not refund , as the software has been opened ! Therefore they are losing my not-insubstantial business . Not exactly a best buy on my part ! BEWARE on your part!My computer tech at work is sucessfully using Adobe Premiere Elements and that is my next stop , after my wallet recovers . Another guy at work , who uses the expensive version of Premier and does a lot of video has also heard of several people with problems with Pinnacle Studio 9 .
 I have a recent Dell Optiplex , very stable and powerful , with a SATA hard disk and a DVD burner.I 've been using the Version 8 release , with all the service packs , and noticed how easy it is to get amazing results with little effort.I just got the Version 9 -LRB- Italian version -RRB- , because I needed the 16:9 feature and could not work on my last videos with the Version 8 -LRB- I have a Canon MVX3i , with hi-def 16:9 -RRB- . Also , I felt the need to work full screen with higher screen resolutions . Now it is much nicer to use.This release is not yet entirely stable
 Oh my Gosh , what trouble this software is ! However , I am relieved that ` it 's not me . ' I first purchased this because of the Dazzle Digital Video Creator 80 that came with the software . My problem , no firewire on my PC to capture my precious famly videos . So I figured this was perfect - WRONG ! I found the software amazing intially , it was beautiful and easy to use . Wonderful transitions , the works ! So I kept fooling with it , and trying to figure out what I was doing wrong . I thought it was my PC so I borrowed a friend 's more powerful one - did n't help . I spent countless hours -LRB- and I do mean countless -RRB- working on a project . I even tried to take out the moving video and just use slideshow pictures . Then I resorted to no audio , then no transitions . This thing just DOES NOT work properly . And ... yes , I have downloaded all the available patches ! ARGHHHHH ! Very , very fustrating , and its a shame too , because I was willing to put in the time and stay with the product -LRB- even moving on to Studio 10 -RRB- . Thank goodness for Amazon 's customers ' reviews . I have read all the very same problems and opinions . Now I know it 's not me . I can relax and move on to something else , and leave this aweful experience behind !
 Easy to use , and many good features , but a lot of trouble because of bugs and bugs and bugs ... You can add patches , in my case from 9.0 to 9.1 to 9.3 to 9.4 , but still many bugs.My biggest problem right now is that I ca n't add transitions to the 2nd of my project .
 Love the features and user interface for this program , but it 's full of bugs that lockup and ultimately prevented me from rendering a move that I had put a lot of work into . You would be wise to look at other packages .
 Do n't be stupid like me and waste your time with Pinnacle . If there was ever a worse piece of software , I have yet to find it . If you like enjoy a two-day rendering process , lock-ups every few minutes , and unknown errors , this is for you , otherwise look elsewhere ... I wish I had.I only rated it a 1 because there is no `` 0 ''
 Do not buy . I used it for several years ; loved the features , hated the crashing and bugs . When it worked it was great . When it did n't you wanted to burn your computer . I `` upgraded '' to Studio 10 when it came out , and it was much much worse . Two stars for Studio 9 , Zero stars for Studio 10 . I switched to Sony Vegas Movie Studio 6.0 - very stable , hard to learn to use , but once you get there , it 's a great program . Not for the novice though .
 I have spent hours and hours away from my family trying to make DVDs of edited home movies . I have only been able to burn cd 's and not dvd 's . Rendering takes forever ! Do n't waste your time on this program . The live service on line is even worse than the program itself . If this is what video editing is about - I will go back to photos .
 I bought this in the spring of 2005 and looked at it but did really use it until recently . As has been stated everything about this product is great until you actually try to make a DVD and then NOTHING ! It renders for hours and finally fails . I 've been trying every which way I could think of and really ended up here trying to find yet another `` tip '' on the internet to get this thing to work .
 Pinnacle 's line of Studio products are like a youthful blushing bride ... full of sweet promises , amazing beauty , and hopeful thoughts of a wonderful future together . Until you marry her . Then your days turn to nightmares and and you find yourself pounding your head against a wall , wondering how something that looked so great could be so incredibly bad.Folks ... RUN , do not walk , away from this product . DO NOT be fooled by the great interface , the intuitive workflow , the incredible ease of editing , the hundreds of features that could make creating and editing DVD 's the easiest thing you 've ever done . Here 's the gospel , folks ... THE DAMN THING SIMPLY DOES N'T WORK . If you do n't believe me , check out the user forums on Pinnacle 's own website . It will take you 99 % of the way -LRB- including 6 hours of rendering for a 1 hour DVD -RRB- and then REFUSE TO CREATE YOUR DVD . You just want to throw the freaking thing against a wall . Then you try to look at the user forums to see what the answer to your problem is and THERE IS N'T ONE . The program is just buggy and does n't work most of the time.And before you cast aspersions on my system , I have an Intel P4 processor running on an Intel mobo with half a gig of RAM and a brand new ATI All in Wonder video card . The hard drive I use for video is a new 250 GB Western Digital . This computer runs everything ... it ought to run this.This has the potential to be one of the greatest products ever made , and exactly in the right place at the right time . Sonic MyDVD is too simplistic and hard to edit with -LRB- even though I created about 10 DVD 's in three days before falling in love/hate with Studio -RRB- . Movie Maker 2 wo n't author DVD 's . Adobe Premier is too expensive , and you have to add Encore to author DVD 's . Nero and Roxio are not full featured enough . Nope ... Pinnacle 9 is the perfect program in the perfect place at the perfect time . It has everything you could want ... except the ability to make a DVD without driving you freakin ' bonkers.The interface is divided into 3 parts , Capture , Edit , and Make Movie . Capture allows you to capture in DV , MPEG 2 -LRB- DO N'T !!! . Just do n't . NEVER use the MPEG 2 feature . It does n't work -RRB- You can have it chop your video up into scenes based on a set time duration , the time of the scene in the camera -LRB- digital -RRB- or the video content itself . This feature works.Once captured , you go to the Edit tab , where it is stupid easy to drag the video clips onto a timeline or storyboard ... your choice . You can then apply fades , dissolves , or dozens of cool transitions between the scenes . You can easily chop parts out , split scenes , and rearrange things . The timeline view , especially , is amazingly easy and fun to use . You can add voiceovers or background music from CD , mp3 , or . wav files on your computer . You can make the image brighter or increase the contrast or change the color saturation . You can speed it up or slow it down . You can add titles from dozens of cool looking presets or make your own . You can apply effects , fades , disolves , etc to the titles . You can add still pictures . You can add effects , you can do damn near anything.Now we get to part 3 ... Make Movie . Here is where this product falls from 5 to 1 stars . Take your hours of work , your edits and fades and transitions and try to burn them onto a DVD . I dare you ... just try . I will say that you do have other choices ... you can turn your creation into an MPEG that you can play on your computer , or a DV that you can feed back into your camcorder via Firewire , or stream , or `` share '' , whatever that is . But what you want to do is to create a DVD and use that cool new burner your got , right?So you tell it `` best video quality '' and hit the `` Make DVD '' button . And now we stop . And we go and do something else for FIVE OR SIX HOURS while we `` render '' ... a phrase you will soon learn to hate.I will say at this point that Sonic MyDVD does this part in about 30 minutes ... this `` rendering '' and the output looks great and the menu works and all is well . So remember ... 30 minutes versus 5 hours.And after rendering for five or six hours , odds are that your big badass machine will simply ... stop . It will crash and will not even have the decency to give you an error message to tell you why . You will just come back the next morning expecting a DVD and it wo n't be there . Why ? BECAUSE THE PROGRAM DOES N'T WORK !!!!!!!!!!! Do n't take my word ... go to http://www.pinnaclesys.com/docsupport1.asp?division_id=1&langue;_id=2&product;_id=1501&product;_name=Studio%20version%209%20&page;_id=86and look at what the users have to say . One guy was even talking about a class action lawsuit somewhere in there.There are people in there professing years of experience designing and building software who ca n't understand how Pinnacle could release this and put their name on it . Trust me ... its ugly . Problems do NOT get solved . And if you want a full history , check out the forums for Pinnacle 8 , where the screaming is at full volume . And there sits the wise Pinnacle staff saying , in effect , Pinnacle 9 is not a miracle fix , and probably wo n't be any better . Damn skippy.And these are user forums where Pinnacle employees routinely log on to answer questions . And while you are there , have a quick look at some of the arrogant , condescending replies that the techs give to the user 's questions . Also , note the tone of the users ... they are just really really frustrated because the program does n't work.Some of the workarounds are comical . `` Rearrange some of the scenes ... a scene might be corrupt '' ... `` cut the movie up into smaller parts , render them , and then combine them back together into the movie you want '' ... `` defrag your hard drive '' . And the sad thing is that sometimes they work.I have used Studio 8 and Studio 9 , and all I have done is edit my home movies -LRB- captured through a DV camcorder straight into Studio -RRB- , chopped out the boring parts , added a few transitions and titles and a menu . I HAVE NEVER ONCE GOTTEN PINNACLE TO TAKE THIS INFO AND BURN IT ONTO A DVD without several coasters , and doing some goofy workaround that adds ANOTHER five hours to the process.I use this product because I am a junkie ... a willing participant in an abusive relationship , and here I sit with my bruised bicep , torn tank top , and black eye telling the cops `` I 'm okay ... I just know he 'll change someday and stop kicking my ASS . '' Yes , I am hooked like Marion Barry . But please heed my pathetic example , and RUN , DO NOT WALK away from this frustrating , maddening , buggy , half baked , kludge piece of garbage.Until the next upgrade , man ... I just KNOW the next upgrade is gon na fix the problems , man ... I just know it . I just know it ... I just ... hey man ... spare change ?
 Pinnacle holds a prestigious name as a major video editing software developer , but their innovative Studio 9 contains some bugs that put one through pure HELL ! I have produced over 7 successful DVDs without many problems , except a few occasional crashes here and there . However the tides can turn dramatically after just one restart , I was just working on my most prized piece of edited video -LRB- footage from Hurricane Charley -RRB- near 16 hrs of time invested into making it all perfect when disaster struck . What happened after I saved the project and restarted my PC ? The . stu the studio file extension corrupts itself and causes the timeline to NOT OPEN . Although I could start fresh again from the beginning -LRB- suggested by Pinnacle tech support -RRB- and piece together the entire puzzle again , how would I know which problem caused this fatal corruption . According to pinnacle tech support `` The problem could have been caused by thousand different things '' -LRB- i.e. anti-spyware software , anti-virus software , a corrupted file extension , or most likely a bug in the software -RRB- . Now of course Pinnacle would never take the blame or admit this program is `` buggy '' -LRB- as one can see from the majority of the other reviews -RRB- . If you do wish to purchase this program , I HIGHLY recommend backing up large/important projects onto a DVD or additional hard drive just in case you run into a the catastrophe I did . In conclusion , as a safe consumer you should look to purchase a different video editing software program altogether that does not run as strangely as Studio operates -LRB- creating a gateway extension file -LSB- . stu -RSB- that acts as the timeline that accesses separate files spread throughout your hard drive that you designate -RRB- . Although the innovative idea of ease , style , and intuitive editing options may immediately captivate it 's user ... be weary of its evil bugs that could put you in a situation where you will regret even wasting your time with such a infernal of piece of poorly programmed software .
 Studio 9 has a lot of nice features , but it 's loaded with strange bugs . This is particularly disappointing because I upgraded from Studio 8 to get away from a lot of bugs.Pinnacle Systems needs to focus their efforts on improving product quality and stop worrying about matching features from Roxio and Ulead.So far , I 've dealt with mismatched audio , failures to load existing AVI files , crashes during menu editing and crashes during rendering . Error messages are terrible -- no information on what happened.Support has been OK . Submitted a question and received and answer in about 12 hours . Not sure they really read my submission though . They suggested several fixes that did n't apply to my situation.Don ' t know if I could recommend this product yet . I 'm trying to create a project for a team I mentor and I 'm about to hit the deadline . I 'm hoping they 'll come out with a patch soon.Unfortunately , it looks like the products from Roxio and Ulead have just as many problems . === UPDATE
 I edited a feature length project with this software . How I got a finished project , I still do not know . I will not go into the countless nights that the bugs in this software corrupted files , hung up dissolves , seperated sound tracks , removed sound from picture , placed video clips at will throughout the project . I still find it unbelieveable that I ever got done . Am i done ? let me check ... Now do n't get me wrong , for the price , it does a remarkable job , but I can tell you that NEXT TIME I will simply spend the extra money for Final Cut Pro and the apple machine . The person who discussed the glitches on this review borad is absolutely correct
 While this product has great features and usability , due to major bugs in the current version , 9.0.4 , it is DOA . Do n't waste your money on this , or more importantly , your time learning it or trying to use it . Check out the User Forums on their website to see what is going on ... http://webboard.pinnaclesys.com/read_forums.asp?WebboardID=1&SectionID;=227&lng;=1Hopefully the next version will work , since the concept of the product is a good one ...
 Do not fall for the condescension seen in `` Works for me . '' Studio 9 is built upon the code base for Studio 8 , which was/is notoriously difficult to get running reliably in many cases . This was not limited to underpowered , overloaded , outdated systems running aging operating systems , as the reviewer would have you believe.During the course of my experimentation with Studio 8 , I built a new system from handpicked , quality components , a fast , modern processor , 1gig of ram , 2 120-gig hard drives and Windows XP Professional . It has all the latest Windows , bios and component driver updates , absolutely no programs other than Studio running , and there are still problems when using the program the way that it 's hyped in the advertising.To be successful , you 're forced to restrict yourself to a rigid recipe which specifies the data format , sequence of operations and workarounds which are far from the quick and easy steps shown in product demos . Even where you 've gotten past the crashes , lockups and freezes , and are able to actually write a DVD , audio and video frequently lose sync in longer projects.Studio 8/9 can be a wonderful program , if you 're one of the lucky ones . Is it worth countless hours -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- of aggravation to find out ? Download a trial version when it 's offered . If that does n't work , do n't assume that the retail version will . And do n't assume that Studio 9 addresses the problems that existed in Studio 8 -- one of the Pinnacle techs freely stated in the support forum that version 9 is not a bug fix for 8 . New features & old problems ? Time will tell . Do you want to take that chance?If you buy this , put it on a credit card , try it out for a reasonable amount of time . Go to the pinnaclesys.com online support forums and see the number of horror stories that are just like the ones you could be writing . Then demand a refund . If they balk , involve the credit card company and contest the charge . Pinnacle thinks it 's doing a swell job , because users who have run away from their products are still counted in their `` installed base . '' If you wind up running away , at least take your refund money with you .
 I 'm having the same issues eaveryone else here is having.I have a Pentium 4 2.4 GHz , 1GB RAM , 120GB hard drive space free.Don ' t waste your time with this software .
 I 've had it . I have been trying to use Pinnacle Studio since v7 over the past couple years . I have upgraded , patched it , bought add-on effects , but the software continues to get worse.In earlier versions , the problem was rendering . In the latest version , the problem is capturing.I am NOT trying to do anything fancy . Most of the time , I just want to capture a DV movie and then burn it to DVD . The other project was creating a photo album on CD with music and transitions . In the two-three years I have been working with Pinnacle , I have been able to complete only a couple projects and they were EXTREMELY frustrating experiences . So , why have I stuck with Pinnacle so long ... because it takes me months to even consider a new video project after completing one , by that time Pinnacle has a new release and I then `` try it again '' . Well , no more ! After the latest upgrade , now simple capturing does n't work . I can capture the video using MS Movie Maker and Roxio without a problem , but Pinnacle wo n't accept those AVI files . However , with Pinnacle capture , it CONSTANTLY stops capturing , claiming the `` aspect ratio changed from 16:9 to 4:3 '' even though the whole thing is one aspect ratio.I am going to give the Sony Vegas software a try and if that does n't do it , then I am going to buy a Macintosh.Goodbye Pinnacle and good riddance .
 Before you buy any Pinnacle Studio product , go to the user forums at pinnaclesys.com and read the boards in the support area . You will find nothing but users complaining about buggy software and program crashes . A lot of them . Happened to me . Just go find something else ! If you persist and buy this product , you will be frustrated and want to hurt somebody .
 My husband and I looked high and low for a video editing program that would support quicktime . We have a KODAK digital camera that records video in quicktime , which WINDOWS MOVIE maker does n't support . My husband researched -LRB- all night -RRB- the net and was leaning towards POWER DIRECTOR 3 -LRB- CyberLink -RRB- . Before we made a purchase -LRB- that if we did n't like we could n't return -RRB- he called the network guy at his company . He recommended THIS PINNACLE DISASTER . We installed it , and then immediately installed `` THE PATCH '' . A huge file in itself . It still would n't work . If you have a KODAK digital camera . Or if the digital camera you own saves it 's video files as quicktime , do n't buy this program . My husband WAS able to return the PINNACLE DISASTER -LRB- he convinced them the box had n't been opened -RRB- and in turn he bought the POWER DIRECTOR 3 . It worked great ! AND it supports quicktime movies .
 This product has been a waste of my time . I have all the system requirements they requested , I installed the software per their specs , and every time I try to capture video the program crashes . I had an IT guy reinstall and check my system thoroughly and still no luck . I went to Pinnacle 's website and wasted an hour of time going through their endless maze of forums and updates . I tried to post a question on their website that would n't let me log in with the user name and password THEY provided . I hope Amazon will let me return it so I can purchase a more reliable product .
 I hate this ! @ # $ lol . Do n't buy it ! I lost all my sons first year little lead football video clips . I could never get it to add music tracks . It will not let you add mp3s etc. . Ahhh!@#$%^^&* -LRB- -RRB- _ + = -
 I have been editing video since 1998 , and have tried every Video editing product under the sun , , and I really enjoy making short movies , of family outings , weddings , etc. . . But using this software , is a nightmare !!! My blood pressure goes up everytime I use it . I can be in the middle of editing an important clip , and crash , I get bumped off and loose all of my hard work !!!! I start to think they do this on purpose ... because when I call them up , they tell me , `` gee : ... I have never heard of this happening '' , in their lying voices , but from what I can see , numerous events like mine are reported here.It is a TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY , and they would have to pay ME to use it !!! In fact , they are coming out with Version 10 in October , in a few weeks , so that is why all the Pinnacle 9 products are on sale . They are trying to get rid of them , so they can introduce into the market , another nail biting , anxiety producing program , that will only stifle ones creativity they had before they use this PINNACLE ... I shall call it , , THE PINNACLE OF SHAME.I GIVE PINNACLE and their method of buying transitions , and activation codes , plus their customer support a -LRB- -10 -RRB- NEGATIVE 10 , taken to the 10th power !!!!! THEY WOULD BE LUCKY IF I GAVE THEM ONE POINT OF A STAR ! I WILL STAY AWAY FROM PINNACLE ... FAR FAR AWAY ... IF YOU WANT TO COMMENT AND LET ME KNOW , THAT I AM NOT THE ONLY ONE EXPERIENCING `` GROSS STIFLEMENT TO MY CREATIVITY '' FROM THE GRIEF OF PINNACLE , , , PLEASE DROP ME A LINE ! ALSO I AM ALWAYS LOOKING FOR THE NEWEST VIDEO EDITING SOFTWARE THAT I CAN HAVE FUN WITH , EXPRESS MY CREATIVITY , AND OTHERS REALLY APPRECIATE MY WORK ! SO IF YOU HAVE HAD AN `` UNPLEASANT '' PINNACLE EXPERIENCE , PLEASE LET ME KNOW ... ANGRY VIDEOGRAPHER , BROOKLYN , NY
 Seemed to work fine ... . hours of editing only to find video and audio out of sync . Thought I had a good tape back up only to find shake and studder in various places.Don ' t purchase !
 The interface is pleasant and easy to use but the program locks up after about 10 minutes of capturing video .
 I wo n't go in the long and boring details about the level of anger and frustration I feel towards this crappy product or even crappier company -LRB- Pinnacle -RRB- suffice to say that I will never own a Pinnacle product ever again . Do yourselves a favor - pay the extra mony and get Sony Vegas . This is one of the worst software products I have ever had the misfortune to pay money for - and an even worse company supporting it . Rude , arrogant and careless . Do n't touch this product or ANYTHING Pinncle happens to ` produce ' .
 This software is no longer supported by Pinnacle . I have this software and tried to install on a PC to make a DVD for a friend from his old VHS tape . It was frustrating trying to locate drivers for Pinnacle capture card . Pinnacle no longer has them posted on their site . When I finally get the drivers & software working , I am able to capture video without problems . The kicker comes when I am ready to burn a DVD . I forgot Pinnacle requires you to unlock the MPEG code before making a DVD . Unfortunately the website for obtaining the key no longer exists.So save your money to buy another product or at least get one of Pinnacle 's currently supported products .
 I 've received the product ... but it had to be upgrade for better results ... and it 's not possible . On the phone they told me it 's no longer avalable . Pinnacle want 's to make money with Studio 12 ... Too Bad Andr&eacute; Marcoux 23 l'assomption Repentigny Qc Can J6A 1A3
 Received Product as described but whenever i try to work within the software it always shuts down unexpectedly without saving . this product is a waste of time and money . DO NOT GET IT
 This is stunning software and I have wowed my family and friends with true movies that do n't bore them . But this is only WHEN it works ! It bombs out , needs patches all over its body and unless you disable everything and install software on separate drive , it winds down to nothing . Studio also lies - they recommend Althlon processor , but anyone who has worked with this says it needs Intel and nothing else ! Thanks . Its favourite trick is to edit , save , burn dvd movies , and then refuse to make movie once a fresh edit has been completed . I 've tried 25 times with three different movies . No go ! Bought Ver 10 - thought this will sort it out . Loaded it - would not recognise previously made movies -LRB- came up in strange colours -RRB- and then told me to fetch a patch ! Imagine buying a new car and then being phoned by the garage to say come in because the car needs to be patched ! These software designers need to learn some manners !
 I own this software and it is worse than Windows Movie Maker . They give you a bunch of lame samples to use and then spam you to upgrade to use the ones you thought you were getting . I was very mad when this first happened because I felt ripped off , and I still do . I have made a couple movies using Windows Movie Maker and it was much better than this $ 100 POS software . It freezes the computer quite often and it is hard to navigate the various tools you need to make a good video .
 Where to begin ... Program is extremely buggy . I was simply unable to burn a viewable DVD until the first patch . That eventually was fixed , but other issues still remain . Because of Pinnacle 's back-asswards decision to not adhere to standard Windows GUI design guidelines , the program window will not display correctly on widescreen LCD displays or resolutions above 1024x768 . Support is terrible and forum moderators on their site are n't much help either . They are quick to blame problems on your hardware rather than admit there is a bug in the program . They also seem to be in damage control mode as `` unhappy '' user posts are usually edited or deleted . Threads are often closed when posts are predominantly negative . I eventually switched to Adobe Premiere Elements and it has been smooth sailing since . Hopefully Pinnacle will do everybody a favor and go out of business soon .
 This is absolutely the most unstable software I have ever experieced . I use LOTS of different software from business databases to Microsoft Office to all the professional Adobe products and have NEVER experienced the crashes -LRB- still ongoing -RRB- that I have with this program . Pinnacle 's constant answer is turn everything else off in the task manager . Funny that Adobe Premier video does n't need to do that or any other program I have . I defragged my hard drive and made it worse . I upgraded from 8 to 9 and still am walking on egg shells . Do you like the color BLUE as in the windows crash screen ??? Use this program . By the way , this is all occuring on a new , extremely well equipped Dell .
 Do not buy this software before checking their own forum.Things you wo n't be able to do1 . Burn a trouble free dvd .2 . Keep even audio levels even3 . Output projects to tape without flawsI used studio dv and 7 but this is by far the worst.I switched to screenblast movie studio . It works first time.Hope this helps .
 I read some of the positive reviews here and wonder if either Pinnacle is hiring staff just to post glowing reviews or these users just have n't used the product and noticed the audio-out-of-sync problem yet . Certainly they would have noticed the PC freezing up 5 minutes into editing , so I 'm going to lean towards the former . If you are the kind of person that likes to go against the grain and ignore all the real users ' warnings to stay away from anything made by Pinnacle , then you have no one to blame but yourself if it turns out to be the nightmare it is for most users . Just make sure you fully test out the product within the store 's warranty , because my Pinnacle product did not have a manufacturers warranty and I could not return it .
 I bought a copy of studio 9 after having some previous problems with studio 8 . maybe the alarm bells should have been ringing there but i thought , `` No , i 'll give them guys at pinnacle a second chance , surely 9 has got to be better '' . Oh how wrong i was . Absolutely infinite problems , uninstalls , reinstalls of software . Endless reformats and my system is fine till studio goes on . Hours and hours of frustration checking hardware and what else . I have spoke to a few friends about it and a few other associates and they have had very similar problems with pinnacle . IT SIMPLY DOESNT WORK - END OF !!! I would love to know what the problem with it actually is because i have tried the pinnacle software and hardware on several high-end PC 's and it just has none of it . It 's even got me and i 'm a qualified PC technician ! god knows how a novice user would get on . All in all highly disappointed with it . Give credit where it 's due though i have owned a pinnacle studio PCTV card and it is fantastic and has given me several years of trouble free use . I think pinnacle 9 has got the potential to be a great piece of software but it almost appears to me like a BETA version , pinnacle , get it all sorted BEFORE you get it out on the shelves !
 Where do I begin - All I wanted to do was to create a movie with 60 clips , and a title page between each clip . Nothing fancy - that 's it , just 60 clips . I 've been working on it for 3 months ! even after the recent patch -LRB- 9.4 -RRB- I can not finish the product . It keeps crashing and freezing . I have a 3.2 gz machine , 1g ram , and I 've defragged my harddrive - the product just does not work . I feel like I 've thrown $ 79 out the window on this product.I 've read other 's reviews before purchasing Studio - and I always thought - `` It must be something with their systems - or it ca n't be as bad as they describe '' . IT IS THAT BAD . Do not buy this product - if you do - you will be sorry.Sad part is , I 've since tried other programs , and Studio is the , in my opinion , easiest to use , if it would work . If I had the money , I 'd switch over to cyber media Power Director 4 as it seemed to be , in my opinion , the easiest to use out of the other programs out there .
 The worst yet . I 've used 7,8 and now 9 , only becaused they promised a better software package . I have a new state-of-the art Sony with 200G hard drive and it still freezes . Spend your money on Sony 's Screenblast , or get a Mac and use Final Cut Pro.Pinnacle really SUCKS .
 The software only version is a complete waste of money ! It does not support their own Dazzle products , such as DCS 200 . Customer service is fast and absolutely no help . If you feel lucky , buy the software AND hardware product . Personally , I 'm taking my money to Vegas . It 's a safer bet !!
 I wo n't go into all the problems as others here have done a fine job venting their frustrations with Studio 9 . I will just tell you that Studio 9 had enough quirks and bugs that I gave up on it and removed it , even if it has a very easy to learn interface and cool features . So what ? What good is it if you curse at the program when it goes off and does something strange . It 's not my system either ... The most frustrating is that the video output gets out of sync with the clips in the timeline window . Try adding or cutting when the video you see has no relation to the position bar in the timeline . Which is right ; the timeline bar or the video output ? Who knows ... Why bother ... ? I now use Adobe Premiere , which came free with my Sony R-Series system , and Sony Movie Studio + DVD , based on the widely popular VEGAS software . Adobe Premiere is GREAT but harder to learn , plus the transitions do n't `` preview '' themselves . Sony Movie Studio -LRB- Vegas Light -RRB- is AWESOME but does n't work well with my converted 8mm films . Perfect with DV though.There you have it ... be warned .
 Pinnacle studio 9 did a good job except that it would not do anything but waste blank after blank on my burner . Their site claims to be compatible and I did the firmware update . They were good about giving a refund since the product did not do what they said it would do .
 Pinnacle makes some of the buggiest software in the business . Their Studio makes more coasters than DVDs . They should be ashamed of selling such junk to an unsuspecting public.If you stole their software , you would be fined and go to jail . If they stole your money , which they are , that is ok .
 I have bought Pinnacle Studio 7 & 8 . The application itself is not a bad one , and it is quite user friendly ... when it works . My blood pressure has skyrocketed many times dealing with Studio 8 . It kept on crashing on me . Not only did it crash , but I always had to reboot my PC in order for it to start working again . I learned to save every time I changed anything and I was always stressed about it crashing ... and it always did ... eventually . The worse was it crashing every few minutes or so . Paying that much money for an application that does n't deliver like it should is unacceptable.I called Pinnacle to get an upgrade . Current customers get 40 % off of the retail price , so , one would have to shell out another $ 60 to get the product to work . Does Studio 9 have the same problems as Studio 8 ? The customer rep could n't guarantee that it did n't . He also told me that Pinnacle was n't doing anything for customers that bought Studio 8 a few days before Studio 9 was released.Am I the only one that sees something incredibly wrong with that ? Where has good customer service gone ?
 Terrible product from a truly awful company . Do yourself a favor and just do n't enter the world of frustration that is Pinnacle Systems . I hope this company goes out of business soon .
 I have had nothing but problems . Most recently I am having a very difficult time `` rendering movie '' and in 1 year I have only burned 1 DVD successfully out of 20 . I am constantly throwing the DVDs away . The recent error message states `` Burning failed during the burning process '' . I DO NOT RECCOMMEND NERO !
 I was new to video editing and needed something that was easy to use for some simple videos I wanted to edit . I wanted something on a consumer level and chose Pinnacle Studio 9 . For my first DVD everything seemed to work fine , no real problems anywhere . I was satisfied.It was n't until my second project that I realized how terrible this software really is . Something as easy as inserting really is not . Think how easy it is to insert some text in the middle of a paragraph in a word processing program . You put the cursor where you want it to go and insert your text , pushing what is after the cursor forward.When I go to `` insert '' a clip in my project , it simply does n't . It completely discombobulates everything . It merges and I do n't want it to , things get erased where it should n't , and do n't even think of trying to finely tune text titles to your clips.After several hours of working around my problems , I finally get my project done . My machine specifications include a 2.5 Ghz process , 1GB of RAM , and GeForce4 video card . Rendering a two hour movie takes about 7 hours , so I leave the computer on over night for it to do its thing . I wake up the next morning to see that the software freezes at 95 % completion . A quick look at the Pinnacle forum support page I realize that this program is notorious for freezing during its rendering process . I did everthing that I could to fix my problem , nothing . Several days and several more burn to disc attempts , nothing . The only thing that is left for me is to complete start the project over . 15 hours of my life I wo n't be getting back.With that said , I am done with this program . I do not recommend it to anyone . If I could give this program a zero star , I would . I hear Sony 's Vegas Movie Studio is worth a look .
 Could n't agree more with others who hate this program . I spent hours editing a video as an Xmas gift for my family and had a horrendous experience . First of all , Studio is a VERY finicky program . The editing module is prone to frequent unexplained freeze-ups and other strange unwanted behaviors . My editing time must have been increased by 50 % trying to work around these infuriating quirks and sudden crashes . Still I hung in there because I had already invested so much time in the project and believed it would all be worth it in the end . But when it came time to `` burn '' my DVD , well that 's when disaster struck . As others have described , the program tied up my computer for hours while it `` rendered '' , a process that took far longer than other video editing software I 've tried . But to make matters worse , after all those hours , the program just crashed . No warning . No useful error messages . Just suddenly frozen . This happened on 3 separate attempts !! I never was able to produce the DVD in time for Xmas and went home for the holidays empty-handed . All of my hours of hard work went down the drain like sewage . And even more infuriating , Pinnacle gives NO -- absolutely ZERO -- customer support . No 800 number to call , no operators standing by , no email address to write . Nothing . Once you buy the program , you 're on your own and screwed . My Arcsoft Showbiz program which came with my computer may promise less but it delivers about 10 times more than Studio . I agree that this may be one of the worst softwares ever released for commercial distribution . It should be illegal . DO NOT BUY THIS SOFTWARE . Drive Pinnacle out of business . They and this silly program are pathetic . They 'll never get any more of my money . Consider yourself forwarned ...
 This is the most buggy software I have ever used . It has three main modes , capture , edit and make movie . I have experienced freezes and crashes in all three modes . Whats 's strange is that sometimes -LRB- rarely -RRB- the product will work . I previosly used studio 7 and it ran without a hitch . I upgraded because I wanted to author DVD 's from home video . I do n't understand how they can sell this thing . I 'm looking for something else .
 Do not , under any circumstances , buy this software ! It has been a source of frustration from day one ! First , this software has serious memory problems . It can not run smoothly and froze my computer on a regular basis . The fact that I have a new Sony VIAO with all the bells and whistles , and the fact that subsequent video editing software run perfectly , has to point to an inefficient memory use by this software . Also , the videos that I tried to edit were your plain vanilla family trip clips , nothing extraordinary . Still this software could n't handle them.To add insult to injury , this software is full of locked features , yes even at that price ! For example , if you want MPEG-4 computability , you need to purchase additional drivers -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- . If you want to use MP3 files , you need to get additional drivers . MP3 ? Is n't that an industry standard ? Anyway , the list of `` premium '' locked features goes on and on , even downloading the latest patch -LRB- 9.4 at the time of this writing -RRB- does n't help.There are other serious flaws with this software , primarily around burning the DVD 's . I ca n't fully report on these since unfortunately I only got to briefly sample the DVD burnning process . Why you might ask ? Because my computer kept on freezing before I ever got to finish editing the movie ...
 This software makes editing movies simple for the most part and has plenty of good features . However , the bugs make it nearly unusable , even when completely updated . One of the worst of these bugs is when the video and audio get out of sync . I purchased Studio 8 and upgraded to version 9 in hope of less bugs , but only got more . Right now I am pouting over the $ 80 I wasted and scraping up the money for a Mac .
 TERRIBLE ! This software is so full of quirks . After I worked HOURS through about a hundred `` bugs '' , went through -LRB- wasted -RRB- a dozen cd 's and dvd 's , I finally produced a somewhat acceptable video , only to find that I CAN NOT GET IT TRANSFERRED TO A DVD !! First the picture comes through , but no audio , then no picture on parts and no audio . Three calls to so-called `` tech-support '' yielded three different solutions , none of which has worked . AAAAARGGGGGHH !! Save your money ! Unless you do n't mind the mind-numbing frustration !
 This product is a complete waste of money . I bought it to edit 3 hours of digital video from my Sony Digital 8 handycam . Editing the video was easy and the program was very powerful , but after spending about 60 hours editing video it would not compile and burn onto DVD , even though the software came with my DVD Burner ! Technical support from this company was horrible , they hung up on me after about and hour of hold time , and then when I got through to them they said they would e-mail me , they sent me a generic e-mail that told me to try things I already tried . I got fed up and deleted the software , I bould ulead video studio and had to re-edit all 3 hours again , but this time it burned to the DVD flawlessly . Do n't waste your money on this junk . Buy Ulead Video Studio , and save yourself 100 hours worth of grief ! If you do n't believe me go to pinnacle 's support page and look at the forums , they have nothing but complaints .
 This program was a Christmas present from my father , who knows I am very interested in video editing.For my birthday I got a nice little pocket camcorder , I have been using this for about a year , and I was growing tired of using Windows Movie Maker , so my dad baught me this , and no lie , this program LOOKS amazing.Not only did a C++ error come up over half the times I used it , when I imported my video 's from my camera , which CAPTURE did not let me do in the first place , there was no sound , and a message came up saying it was wrong or something , very frusterating.Not only that , It was EXTREMELY difficult to figure out , and I read the manual front to back , so the idiot in the first post should take another shot at guessing the problem , or maybe find a job that is n't head programmer at Pinnacle.I would give this a zero , but its only 1-5 , and it deserves a-400 .
 Pinnacle demands you use XP Service Pack 1 before it even installs itself . If you 've been updating your XP regularly like you should , you 'll be using Service Pack 2 . You would think that would n't be a problem , but with Pinnacle it is ! As stated on their customer service site , they do n't `` support '' the current version . I had to DOWNGRADE my XP to use this , and I bought this off the store just today ! What kind of tech company is this ? I have to make my system vulnerable by using an obsolete security update just to record a video !
 The capture card works fine but this has to be some of the most poorly designed editing software I 've ever seen -LRB- and I 've seen a few packages -RRB- . SAVE OFTEN!My most recent project was tranferring home movies I had originally on Super 8 into the computer -LRB- Dell 1.8 G , 512K RAM -RRB- . The music used by the video house that did the transfer was Kenny G. Awful . So I wanted to add my own music to my edit movies -LRB- the reels were out of sequence so I was using 9 to reorganize them chronologically . Editing went well in fact everything went well up until I wanted to add my own music . You have three choices for sound
 I spent several weeks trying to get this product to work and finally gave up . Technical support , as many have indicated , is a joke . It took them 12 days to respond to my first email . After that it was a response every 2 days . Basically , my system never recognized the card . Windows never popped up the New Hardware dialog , and there was nothing under device manager . I uninstalled everything and tried the install again , but no luck . I downloaded patches , and new drivers , but nothing worked . Mean while , tech support was just sending me canned answers , and not even reading my emails . If you look at the chat on pinnacles web site , there are a lot of frustrated users trying to make this product work . There is also a lot of talk about how the product does not work correctly with XP Service Pack 2 .
 Note from the other reviewers that audio and video sync is a matter of luck with this product . Unfortunately I was one of the unlucky ones . With all my VHS video tape captures I saw good audio/video sync at the beginning of the tape and up to 4 seconds out of sync at the two hour mark.I have a recent Intel 925XECV2 mother board , 3 GHZ Intel Pentium , 2GB memory , and 200 MB Western Digital drives . I am running Windows XP SP2 with updated motherboard and Pinnacle drivers . Still no luck.I did try the Pinnacle capture program , the Studio capture method , and Vegas capture software . In all cases the audio and video went out of sync in a similar manner.I did go to the Pinnacle support boards for this capture device to seek help . Unfortunately there are many , many posts of audio/video sync problems , and very little support from Pinnacle to address the problem . Most of the help suggestions consist of `` update your driver '' or `` do n't run other programs . `` So unfortunately after many tries , I never got the product to work , and I did not find it worth my time to debug the problem further . After many attempts , back it went to the retailer .
 I have owned Studio AV 8 since it came out . I tried to buy Studio 9 and placed an order with Pinnacle but never received a reply or the product . Oringinally my version 8 worked well after I solved a few problems by removing and reinstalling software a couple of times . I was trying to buy the version 9 because the analog video capture quit working -LRB- ca n't hold sync -RRB- when I applied the latest update to 8 . Pinnacle is TOTALLY unresponsive to their customers !! I do not consider myself a novice having made many VHS to DVD conversions but would not by Pinnacle again !
 I 've worked with various Pinnacle Studio versions since last decade , and they 've all had two things in common :1 . When the program works , it 's superb .2 . The other 50 % of the time , it crashes frequently , and hard!For years , Pinnacle had designed the market 's top , novice-affordable video editing/authoring platforms , but for some frustrating reason , they just ca n't seem to keep the bugs out . This verson is no exception.Lately , the competition in this market has mushroomed , and there are better alternatives available for the same price . At last , others have emulated the Pinnacle platform while eliminating the work/creativity-killing bugs.My advice ? Shop around . Google the competition . But save yourself the frustration and steer away from anything Pinnacle .
 This software is STILL buggy . By that , I mean the DVDs you produce will have audio which trails the video by a few seconds . In other words , you 'll see people 's mouthes move , and you 'll hear what they say a few seconds later . Incredibly , this still has n't been fixed from Version 8 , but I did read recently that they FINALLY acknowledged that it is a problem with their software and may have a fix in a month or so . Before that , for over a year , and for anyone who bought Studio 8 , they just said to the 90 % of the owners that they could not replicate the problem . I still think that because DVD Recorder prices have come down so much -LRB- as cheap as $ 300 now -RRB- , that it is well worth it to buy one instead of this buggy software . Even if you have the latest , fastest , powerhouse PC -LRB- fast and VERY BIG hard drive , USB 2 , tons of RAM -RRB- which you will definitely need , it takes Studio about 4-5 hours just to convert per 1 hour of video . This does not include editing time ! And the quality is really poor unless you capture in AVI format which requires at least 10-12GB per hour of video . With a DVD recorder , what-you-see-is-what-you-get , and you can always edit your DVD later with programs like ImTOO DVD Ripper . The biggest regret I have was to ever waste my time with Studio 8 -LRB- but DVD recorders were $ 800 + last year -RRB- . What a waste of time and money . BTW , did I mention the system crashes every 5 minutes ?
 The capturing from VHS worked fine . Pinnacle 9 creates MPEG files from your captures . However , the DVD creation options are - horrible - . After the captures were done , I had several MPEG files that Pinnacle had created . I sold Pinnacle -LRB- and uninstalled the software -RRB- , and then bought a separate DVD authoring tool with which to create DVDs from Pinnacle 's MPEG files . To my horror and then I discovered that no other tool can edit the MPEGs . Windows Media Player can - play - the MPEGs , but nothing can edit them . Not Windows Movie Maker , not Adobe Premiere Elements , not Sonic MyDVD , and not Muvee . So , I had to buy Pinnacle 's software all over again , just so I could convert their -LRB- secretly encoded ? -RRB- MPEGs into a format that other tools could understand
 You would think Pinnacle never wrote a piece of software before , or maybe this was written by a 5th grader and never tested . There is just no excuse for a program that crashes almost every time it is used . I use the term loosely because the software is just unusable.The program frequently freezes when creating videos , crashes to the desktop when viewing videos that were made . I got into the habit of saving my project every 30 seconds because the program crashed and had to be restarted so often.This frustration culminated in the creation of more coasters than DVDs.AVOID AT ALL COSTS .
 After using this for a short time , the Dazzle capture device quit working . Customer service sent me a three page e-mail of things to do , including removing all USB software , registry editing , etc. . Until they get the bugs out , I would avoid this like the plague .
 Do not buy anything from Pinnacle . Their software deceptively leads you to believe that you need to purchase further programs to burn DVDs . I did so and got incorrect activation codes twice before requesting a refund which they have refused to give even though the product does not work and meets their advertised return policy . I have filed a formal complaint with the Federal Trade Commission for deceptive trade policies and knowingly offering defective products .
 As I write this review , I 've spent about 10 hours total fiddling with my computer -LRB- which is an HP AMD XP 1800 + based system with an NVidia GeForce 2 grahpics card -RRB- trying to install this product . I spent about 2 hours installing and re-installing the product . The software would not start up and would throw an Windows XP exception error.Upon reading the support forums on the Pinnacle website , I came upon several users with the exact same problem . I tried solutions suggested such as cleaning the registry , defragmenting the hard drive , installing patches , several re-boots , switching the PCI card , IRQ settings , upgrading drivers etc. . None of this will work , this software is plain poorly designed . Do n't waste your time on this product since I am a programmer by trade and know exactly what I am doing with my computer.Avoid this product at all cost . One example of poor product design is that the Studio 9 software does not come with an Uninstaller - so you can not do a clean uninstall . The patches you download from the Pinnacle site will install but do nothing to improve the situation . And guess what ? No uninstall facility for them too.I think this product could use a ` Zero ' star rating if there was one .
 This product is NOT COMPATIBLE with PAL Video Standard . It will NOT capture or edit video recorded in this format . Installation of software is a long and complicated process . Software is difficult to use . Works OK with NTSC Video Standard ONLY . Many of the features must be purchased separately . Support is almost all automated unless you pay on a per incident basis .
 I had a great deal of difficulty installing this product in spite of the fact that my computer system ratings were more than double the minimum requirements . I suggest at the very least one invests in the Photo Explosion 3.0 Deluxe as you can get most of the features from the base program in shareware . The good news is there is a 30 day money back guarantee on the product if you follow the instructions . I never got it up and running in spite of several loads and reloads . I am a fairly competent computer operator .
 I was very disappointed in this product . It is easy to use and you can create excellent projects , when it is working correctly . I was able to complete only ONE project from start to finish before the program encountered problems and had to shut down . When trying to restart the program , you think that you are going to be able to start a new project but you ca n't !! I did go to the company 's website to look for suggestions to fix the problem , but the suggestions did not work either . After more than eight hours of trying , I finally gave up and completely uninstalled the program . I would not recommend this program to anyone .
 This product would n't work until I upgraded every driver and downloaded the latest upgrades from the manufacturer on a less than one year computer running Windowss 2000 PRO . Even then it never finished backing up without failing . After I removed it , my system would lock up on start-up 2 times out of 3 . There is no telephone tech support , only fax and e-mail . An absolute waste of money .
 I experienced a major problem this past weekend . I was trying to restore a hard drive from a backup made by NTI Backup Now ! and it failed . I could n't get my Dell Latitude to read the first CD . So I decided to create a separate partition on my desktop to test the backup software . Well catastrophe struck , and I corrupted the hard drive in my desktop . `` Well , not to worry , '' I pulled out the 37 CD 's which were the image of the hard drive made by NTI Backup . OH NO , that backup would n't work either.Two different computers and two different backups , and both failed . NTI 's technical support 's response was basically , `` Well sometimes the backup does n't work . It must be something on your computer . '' When I told them that it was two different computers , their response was `` too bad , nothing we can do . '' When I asked about a refund for the $ 200 I had spent on the software , I was told , `` contact your retailer , our exchange-refund policy is for only 30 days . `` NTI Backup Now ! is supposed to serve two functions ; making incremental backups of data and making drive images . The drive image module does n't seem to work , and there is no practical way to test your drive-image . Technical support suggested testing the image by trying a restore , but admitted that if the restore failed , you would corrupt your data . They suggested securing a second hard drive and trying the test restore on that drive . That is more than a little impractical when you have two different computers.Also , version 3.0 of their software does not provide for the creation of a boot floppy disk . I was told by technical support in December that this update would be coming soon , but it never arrived . Thank goodness I also had version 2.5 , so I could make a boot disk , but it ended up being useless.Very Truly Yours , Jack Grossnickle
 For over a year I have tried to get this software to work correctly . I would get constant error messages with every backup that was performed . NTI 's support people -LRB- if you want to call them that ! -RRB- would tell me to use another brand of media , make sure all other programs were closed , use mode 1 , use mode 2 , make sure the CD was formatted -LRB- even though there was only an option to do a full or quick erase -RRB- , uninstall any other CR recording software ... I 've installed it on three systems , with three different approved CD-RW drives . I 've used only the best media and followed every other suggestion that was made to me by NTI support . I finally gave up , broke the disk into pieces and sent it back to NTI -LRB- yes , it made me feel better ! -RRB- . This is garbage software at its finest . When I first saw the interface was exactly like the old Colorado Backup I should have quit then !
 Thought it was great until a file became corrupted and everytime I tried to access my system , it crashed . Tried to re-install the software and and the password provided by NTI did n't work . Was told by Mr. John Page in their Saled Dept. that I would need to purchase a new copy of the software . `` Hello Ralph : Unfortunately NTI does not offer re-licensing for downloadable versions of our software 90 days after the purchase was made . After 90 days you can re-purchase the software upgrade at a reduced price and we do recommend that you purchase the CD version instead of the downloadable software . `` in his next email he said `` Regarding my previous email , I do apologize for the inconvenience . The policy is not up to me to decide and the management has made their decision in this regard . I do wish that I could help you further with this problem but unfortunately the policy stands . `` I would recommend that no-one support this product .
 If you have the software on and its working , do n't update it with the patches . It removes the software . Tech support was a pain and unhelpful . Do n't bother .
 MS backup IS better than this ! 1 -RRB- NTI changes the basic operation of the program from update to update . Good features in ver 3.0.18 / 3.0.29 disappeared in later versions .2 -RRB- Their idea of an emergency repair disc is to burn your entire C
 i 've just spent 7 to 8 hours troubleshooting - and perusing the net to find absolutely nothing in the way of assistance from this company . the technical support site listed -LRB- www.valusoft.com -RRB- for mac is not valid . i 'm running a powermac g5 i purchased in late 2005 and this software will not even load correctly ; -LRB- even though i more than meet the requirements on the ` readme ' file -RRB- . i have been able to load the browser and nothing else . -LRB- and you would not believe how DATED this thing looks !!! -RRB- do yourself a favor , do not buy broderbund . use your own digital camera and generate your own stock photographs . this is a complete rip-off and i will never purchase anything they offer in the future .
 It 's difficult to give this product a 1 star rating when it does n't even work , but that 's the lowest possible rating available . What they do n't tell you on the box is that this program has n't been tested on laptops ! And quess what , it does n't work . When you go to the recommened support website they tell you right away . What 's more , they state that if it does n't work you are out of luck . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 If you want to spend your days and nights trying to get your backup software to install , let alone run , buy Backup Exec . When I bought the product it would n't install ; acted like it had never seen a Windows server before . Luckily , I squeezed enough information out of Veritas about their bugs to get it running .6 months later , I did an update -LRB- yes , that 's right , a service patch -RRB- and it takes down our exchange servers.Here I am a year later having to reinstall this piece of work . The install hangs - dead . Log file is useless . I have no tech support options with Veritas/Symantec now unless I want to pay dearly for it . -LRB- Something about paying for a poorly made product and then having to pay the company who made the poorly made product show me how to fix it rubs me the wrong way . -RRB- So I try their FORUM
 This game is a good flight combat sim , but there are a few things that could be changed . First of all , it is very difficult to control the plane if you do not have a joystick . Second , it is also hard to get the enemy into view in order to shoot him down . Overall , i thought this game to be more frustrating than fun , and it also does not incorporate with the rest of the Red Baron series . It tells you nothing of how to control the plane which is difficult in the 1st place . Being a long time player of Red Baron games , my personal favorite is `` Hunt for the Red Baron '' . You can find it at www.fiendishgames.com and it is VERY VERY fun . Curse you Red Baron , however , is not at all worth the money and I do not recommend anyone to waste their cash on it . Save yourself the frustration ! Do not buy this game !
 If you want to spend your days and nights trying to get your backup software to install , let alone run , buy Backup Exec . When I bought the product it would n't install ; acted like it had never seen a Windows server before . Luckily , I squeezed enough information out of Veritas about their bugs to get it running .6 months later , I did an update -LRB- yes , that 's right , a service patch -RRB- and it takes down our exchange servers.Here I am a year later having to reinstall this piece of work . The install hangs - dead . Log file is useless . I have no tech support options with Veritas/Symantec now unless I want to pay dearly for it . -LRB- Something about paying for a poorly made product and then having to pay the company who made the poorly made product show me how to fix it rubs me the wrong way . -RRB- So I try their FORUM
 Software loaded OK , but scanner pen failed to be recognized by the software on all of the five USB ports on my emac and ibook.So I called customer service and spoke to some guy named `` Jessie . '' I told him about the scanner pen , he asked for the pen batch # , and said , well , you can return it to Amazon or I can send you a new pen . I 'm a patient guy , I wanted to give the product a fair shot , so I asked for a new one . It never arrived , and I even called three weeks later and some other guy said , oh yeah , that pen will arrive today . It never arrived . Nothing like customer service types who will lie in order to get you off the phone.The only good news here is that Amazon accepted my return and gave me a full refund . So if only IRIS could emulate Amazon 's customer service philosophy , maybe they 'd sell a few more pens , instead of antagonizing once interested customers.Maybe I 'll try the C-Pen next .
 It 's difficult to rate the product , as I never managed to complete a successful download . The support e-mail was no use at all , and after 35 -LRB- yes , 35 -RRB- e-mails backwards and forwards I 've given up any hope of getting a CD or my money back . I 've told them to give the money to the tsunami appeal.The product may be excellent , but the support - oh dear.From a disllusioned Brit
 I highly recommend you look for another learning program software for your child . This one has mistakes from the start . You are given a letter and asked to choose pictures that have the same beginning sound . The pictures do not match to the beginning sound and the program tells you `` great job '' and `` fantastic '' . Do n't have your child learn the wrong answer , dont buy this one ! Plus try contacting the company to see if there are patches for the error , it 's hair raising . Flash cards are a better choice than this . I give this program -LRB- - -RRB- stars if it was an option . Try `` Clifford The Big Red Dog Phonics '' , or `` Cliffords The Big Red Dog Reading '' your child will learn with these -LRB- Ages 4-6 -RRB- . `` Arthur 's Reading Race '' for ages 3-7 . `` Language Trek '' Grades 5 & 6 .
 I was EXTREMELY dissapointed in this software program . I purchased this program for my 6 year old and 8 year old who are struggling with reading . The games available in each of levels are in no way fun and they drag on FOREVER !!! They quickly grew annoyed with the woman 's voice in the program as she only said two or three things over and over -LRB- `` Way to Go '' , `` You Did It '' , etc. -RRB- . Neither of the kids enjoyed any part of the program . The directions were very ambiguous . We have found numerous parts of the program that just plain did not work right . This was a total ripoff !! Stay away .
 I 've been searching for a phonics software for my almost 5 years old . First the installation is quite unfriendly . It requires installation of each of the 11 CDs ! That kind of set the tone for the software . From the package , it claims it supports 600 * 800 or higher resolution . When we start up the software , it ` friendly ' changes the resolution and then errored out complaining it requires running in small font . When we attempt to go to their support website , the link is not good ! Finally after changing the computer configuration , we manage to get it to run . I tried the first 2 CDs . Maybe it 's good at drilling but there is no way that that it attempts to teach the kids of the letter sound of the alphabets . In one session , it let us pick the alphabets and there are pictures associated with them . Someone in the right mind would sound out the pictures and the letters but not this software . I think I just wasted my money on this software .
 While I am not discouraging people from purchasing this product , I would suggest that a teacher/parent buying this software work his/her way through it personally before making a final decision on its use.I am not going to list out the specific problems I found , because some people would consider me too picky . However , any teacher or parent should be able to find the problems for themselves . In summary , I will say that there are a number of spelling errors , there is at least one capitalization error , there are many punctuation problems , and sometimes there are errors when the moderator -LRB- on your pc speaker -RRB- gives you incorrect instructions -LRB- so do the instructions at the top of the `` page '' -RRB- for what you are supposed to do on a particular task.I guess it comes down to how exacting a teacher/parent wants to be with the child . Personally , I want everything he reads to be perfect , as he will be learning to write from everything he reads . But not everyone is of the same persuasion as I.For me and my grandson , the ambiguity is overwhelming ; for you it may not be a problem . I would like to suggest that the parents/teachers investigate the value of the product by working through it on their own before letting kids use it . If nothing else , they can help the child work through the rough places and , hopefully , not become frustrated like we have .
 I wanted to like SUSE 10 . A long-time Windows user , I was looking forward to enhanced security and stability for a much lower cost . Instead , hardware incompatibilities forced me to abandon the idea for now.Cheap laptops like mine are notoriously unfriendly toward Linux of any flavor , and I was never able to get my wireless LAN or power management hardware to operate , even with the assistance of someone far more Linux-literate than I . Since those functions are critical to my purposes , I had to give up on SUSE and return to Windows . It was just as well I guess , because the speed with which my PC booted and launched most of the installed applications was quite slow , too . My machine 's not the latest and greatest , but it 's generally pretty speedy running WinXP.So I would suggest , if you are considering a switch from Windows to SUSE , you first do a little research to see if others with your make and model of PC have successfully done so . -LRB- A Google search might be all that is necessary . -RRB- After that , try downloading and installing the free version of SUSE 10 from opensuse.org . Hopefully , your luck will be better than mine . If it 's not , you wo n't be out anything except for some download time and the cost of a few blank discs.SUSE 10 did n't work for me , but I would still recommend checking it out . If hardware manufacturers would start offering better Linux support , SUSE could be awesome .
 Unlike the four versions of SuSE Linux I 've used and liked over the years , the 10.0 release took over my machine as if it were a MS OS . It made the pre-existing XP Home installation unusable . After installing SuSE 10.0 , my Win XP OS was history , it was Novell 's `` SuSE '' Linux only . Thanks Novell , I 'll never buy what was once a very fine flavor of Linux again .
 I found TRS-80 casette drive at garage sale , but suse wont go into it . Why ??? its computer part for reading things , see ?? I rest my case ! But my windows 95 always works , even without casset tape so stay with what works -LRB- mikrosoft -RRB- if isnt broke , dont fix it.some say suse not fast install , so more reason 2 avoide it.I fore 1 dont have time to let it instale while i do somethine else , do u ? I rest my case again !!!
 Well , it says it works , I go to install it , well itdoes not like the modem , how can I get around this?Then of all things it hangs on the install , finallyit wants to reboot , it comes up and just sits witha blinking cursor ! From what it said it would notremove Windows , so now my computer is useless . I amat work right now , trying to finish up some stuff Iwould have been able to perform is not for this mess.The CD 's will make good frisbees for my dogs .
 I have been a loyal SuSE user for the last 5 years . This is the first SuSE product that I wished I had not bought . If you have SuSE 9.1 - 9.3 and you are happy with it then do not buy this product . It has far to many bugs in it . It also does not have any quility web development tools that the earlier products had . I had a really had time getting it to find my printer and my scanner . So I dumped the SuSE 10 software and went back to 9.3 , which loaded everything great , and I will not put it back on my computers . I hate to see that Novel is making a great product a below average product .
 On day 2 , so far my pc is disabled , using a friends computer and he is trying to figure out why it generates errors and locks up the screen freezes with x something or another.Thinking of value , the only value is now I can say my pc has been wiped out , maybe next time I will be wiser . Well , how much is Windows XP again ??? That is the wise choice , something that works and actually does not render a pc useless .
 I wish I had saved my money - nothing but cons for me!I was using SuSE 9.2 and did a clean install to 10.0 . Here is what I experienced : - No source DVD in package - Many packages missing E.G. Audacity -LRB- referenced in the quick start manual -RRB- , some available however from other repositories such as packman - No printed administrators manual - No ax .25 / Ham Radio packages - show stopper for me - Two sound cards not working -LRB- OK in 9.2 -RRB- - Perceptibly slower than 9.2 everywhere - Web browsing noticably slower even after disabling IPV6 . Firefox is 2-3 times slower loading pages on SuSE 10.0 compared to Windows XP - Konqueror is even slower than Firefox and chokes on some Novell support pages :--LRB- - Crashed three times in two days -LRB- possibly related to random screen savers -RRB- I have now removed SuSE 10.0 and replaced it with Ubuntu 5.10 . Note that I have been a SuSE user since version 7.2 but my experience with 10.0 means this will most likely be the end of my relationship with this once great release .
 I am not sure where to begin , after the reboot of the computer it prompted me to log in . That is where the trouble began , now I am unable to watch DVD 's , play music or other formats.If someone needs a computer for sitting then install this mess . Nothing but a trouble , now I have to re-install or figure out how to get Windows back on here.Also , no Microsoft Office for Linux so I am unable to use it now to !
 One would think that people on here were paid to say how wonderful the product Suse is , here is my story . For starters , the CD I placed in my computer booted up , but after that the screen had zig-zag lines all over it and the font was like huge in size . It still is huge , it looks like something is like wrong with whoever wrote this stuff , horrible ! My Windows data is not there no more , when it reboots it scrolls some errors then comes up with GIANT text , are the people wrote this have bad eye sight?On top of that , the cursor is the size of a quarter , when you try to bring up a webpage you have to scroll all over the place to view it , this is for the birds . This would be good for someone with poor eye sight , or someone who needs giant icons and screen fonts , to me it is useless . And another thing what is that green lizard all about it is all over the place and very annoying.I am shopping for a new computer , Microsoft Windows XP looks so good now compared to this fiasco . Always remember you can go cheap but it costs you in the end ...
 My computer will not load up now , it is displaying only text like a typewriter . There is no mouse or no windows on the desktop now . Where did it all go to , I tried to edit a file , now it gets hung on a kernal pan-ache or something.A good lesson learned from this , just stick with Windows at least if you have to turn it off it boots back up again !
 $ 55 would buy me almost a weeks worth of MacDonalds . Thats real value . Im expert at xp home and windows ME . Suse dosnt work for me , even though I customised my setings and a loader booter now even I have only blinky curser to show for my work on it . Advise from people made me do again only press OKAY for everything . Now I can boot suse but also stuck by password . I typed garbage when it asked to set one during installing , becuse I didnt want to use a password now I cant get in at all becuse I cant remember it . Why cant it be like xp home and not have a password for anything ?
 I plug in the suse and now nothing but blink blinky cursor and my dada all lost oh Im sad I hate suse so much . -LRB- then there is the problem of leveraging the freeware space into a profit stream , but I wo n't go there . Now , where was I ? Oh yeah ... -RRB- And it installed and my hair fell out so my wife ran off with the mailman and now Im covered with hives because of susse
 Well , I am now sitting at a friends house using his laptopthat runs WINDOWS and it actually works quite well I mayadd!After the horrible installation and loss of ALL of my datafinding out Linux is like 10 years behind Windows 3.1 inmy opinion being a consultant I might add.For starters , Windows just works , this mess is for the peoplewho spend endless nights trying to make something work thatis not ready for prime time.Now I need to figure out how to get my machine reloadedwith Windows XP Pro tonight and use the DVD as a coaster ...
 This distro of Linux has too many small problems to enjoy using . Nothing works exactly the way it should out of the box . - Firefox movies do n't work by default . You have to download and install new packages . There is no documentation describing how to do this . - PDF files wo n't open in Firefox using the default installation . There 's a broken package -LRB- dragonegg -RRB- that prevents the PDFs from launching , and you have to remove that first . - The xmms included in the system does n't work . You have to reinstall it . - Xemacs with CJK support does n't work . I had to download and build xemacs myself to get it to work . - Many small , annoying build problems crop up from time to time . For example , the version of / usr/share/aclocal / pilot-link . m4 that comes with the system has a syntax error in the first line . - Network printing does n't work correctly out of the box . I had to hard-code the IP address of my printer , rather than having it find it dynamically the way Windows does . - Simple tasks like reconnecting when you lose your wireless internet connection have no documentation . Eventually you might get lucky and figure out that clicking on the internet icon tries to connect again , but there is no visual indication that it is doing anything , so it is pure guesswork to get that right.I have no idea if other distros come with this many problems , but this is a ridiculous list of small errors that should have been caught before release . These problems ruin the experience for both casual users and serious developers . I suggest casual users stick to Windows , which probably came bundled with your Dell , and developers find a distro that does n't waste hours of your time with annoying problems.I do n't want to make it sound all terrible . The installer is crazy simple , and you do n't even need to be two or eight years old like some other reviewers have suggested . My -3 month old unborn cousin was able to install it from the womb . Dual boot is easy to set up and works very nicely , which means that whenever there 's something that just does n't work in Linux , I can reboot my system to Windows . Finally , the online customer support is excellent , which is important considering how often you will need it .
 Where do I begin , you ever heard the phrase that youget what you pay for?Thinking I would give this a try , well now my machineshard-drive is gone , it boots up to a blank screen , flashing at me.Wonderful , I am work right now typing this review ! 0 stars is bettereli
 My troubles began when I put my install dvd inside . That should tell you all you need to know about SUSE . It took many hours before I discovered the dvd was upside down . Why doesnt it just tell me ??? I know computers and I can make sure the black wire thing is plugged into the wall thing and so on . No such problems happen with my XP Home . Its smart enough to even be on my computer without me doing anything.So I pressed all of the `` OKs '' and suse booted and wants a password.I dont know any passwords !! Now Im stuck by this suse .
 All is lost now , my Windows is gone and I am unable to get it to go farther than a green screen . It gets hung and asks for Disk2 but I can not get the disk out of the machine . So now the disk is stuck and no Windows booting up.Very upset with this , that green screen is all I get , now I have to have a pc repair man look at my computer .
 Ok first off this is way over priced.You can get this for free right off the website . Or pay for it on disc for no more thatn 20.00 / It make me sad to see such a price on it this high .
 Where do I begin , during the installation it statedit would not delete my Windows system off my computer.After dealing with a hung install , the pc froze theonly choice was to reboot it . This is worse than Windows , at least it will boot up afterwards . Now it says , missingWindows file and is not working . So basically all of myfiles have been deleted and I am stuck with a brokencomputer .
 This suese oh . . why why why ! ~ !! My friend is ok , but he insisted I try suse but no room for a power cord on that computer so we used an extension cord -LRB- plus its a good power remote control ! -RRB- . He showed me and its a lot like windows me so I used it unplugged it . Then in a few days out of the blue it also wants a file system check . huhhh ??! I unplug it and plug it back in , it restarts , and wants a file system check again ! And I let it check for awhile and unplug it again & let it rest and try again . Now its missing files.And the dependency thing comes up . Great !! Just great !!!! I could throw this stupid junk in the trash can !!
 What now , my pc keeps going to a black screen and freezing all over the place . I have to keep rebooting it with the power button or pulling the powercord on it , then it wants to force a file system check ? *** What is going on here , then it says missing dependency 's all over the place . Also , why does it not have active x , websites will not work with it , then the web browser crashes with a ` segv ' error ? A couple of times , I have made it to the internet and tried to install some applications , it asked me to ` force ' install I told it YES to do so . Then it started locking up on me , what is a dependency , what do I need them for ? I already have 5 kids!Then it locked up again , it wanted to do a file system check , it hung during it so I yanked the powercord out of the wall !
 Great Idea , and the company 's online demo makes you really want to buy and use this software . BUT , it wo n't load on any computer I own or have access to -LRB- Runtime error 50003 -RRB- , and tech support has no phone number and does not return e-mails . Look up the company at the Better Business Bureau website and you 'll get similar vibes.A terrible disappointment .
 This software is no good . I bought it and tried to download it and it does not work.I tried to contact tech support by email and they never responded.DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!!
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.It is very flashily packaged , but has terrible software glitches .
 So the title says 2006 but it is really 2 versions old and what you get is 2004 . So I call Amazon but they do n't fix it on the web , they ca n't send me the correct version , and when I finally get me refund its wrong . So I have 6 phone calls in on a false advertisng and an inability to deliver what the say they have.Check out the box cover at the manufactures web site . The box says 2006 but not at Amazon .
 This product is n`t really what I expected . The Wills I printed out were nine pages long , and difficult to make out . If I knew then what I know now , I would n`t have purchased it . But that ` s only my opinion , someone else might find it to be very useful .
 No online support of product and this was not stated upfront ! although adjustments on the price was made . The impression I got , was since you complained we -LRB- company -RRB- will do something about it . No complain -LRB- company -RRB- we will wait and see . I can not give a rating any higher than a two and that is stretching it .
 Old software that is not compatible with either Windows 7 or Vista . It will not load under any circumstances.Its a shame there is no update for this software because the information on the disk was pretty decent and accurate .
 This company has very bad support . I purchased the cleaning lab version 3.0 , you had to buy the mp3 plug in from magix , when my hard drive crashed , I made several attempts to re enter the software , but could never get the MP3 to work . Numerous Emails went un-answered , I finally got a response after several weeks , suggesting that I pay another registration fee , I deleted the program and threw it in the trash , a $ 70 lesson learned . Buyers beware !!
 I ca n't believe in this day & age that a company such as Magix would stoop so low as to misrepresent a product such as this . On the box & in the manual they state there is an ` included MP3 encoder ' . They even take the trouble to list a few ` demo items ' , on the gatefold of the box.When you go to actually install & then use this software - a popup informs you that the MP3 included is only good for 20 Mp3 conversions . For an additional fee -LRB- 19.95 -RRB- in the manual , maybe higher as it 's not even listed on the Magix website , you can have ` unlimited use ' , of the MP3 encoder.What a joke !! I think that Amazon should n't even sell this product , as it 's so badly misrepresented by the manufactuer.I will NEVER BUY MAGIX !! Make the argument to place of purchase , TAKE IT BACK !
 I purchased the latest version of this from the Magix web site . This tool is very frustrating to use . The install went quickly but I worked with it for about three hours and did not get a good track out of a wav file recorded from a side of a cassette . I have been using Audiosurgeon and thought that this tool may be better at cleaning audio but it is too frustrating to be of any use .
 I have also experienced extremely poor customer support from MAGIX . My retail boxed copy comes up as an e copy . The program requests that I enter a code number to make it a full copy . After 10 phone calls to support -LSB- usually there is no one in the office -RSB- I have given up on obtaining a registration code . I also attempted to obtain the free upgrade for the mp3 conversion option in the program . Again , no success in getting an activation number . The program itself has some nice features , however , I feel cheated in not being able to get all of the features that I paid for . MAGIX support is the poorest I have ever experienced . Beware of this company .
 I should have learned from my only other earlier MAGIX product ! Nowhere on the box did it state that the $ 29.99 price for this retail product is only good to rip 20 songs into mp3 format ... in fact , after looking over the manual again and again , there were no mention of such either ! It 's only after I tried running the program did a little window pop up informing me of such and suggested that I paid for the limited upgrade !!! What a croak of ___ ! The installed program offered the option to UPGRADE for unlimited mp3 ripping . Personally , I consider that a RIPOFF !!! Is n't it illegal on such misleading and false marketing/packaging ? Well , it should!With mp3 music and players getting more and more popular , MAGIX is essentially ripping off a lot of consumers big time.The interface is clean but confusing nor does the skimpy instruction manual helpful . The only two attempts I made in cleaning and equalizing mp3 music files ended in their own native ` project ' file and not the expected mp3 files that I wanted to copy into my mp3 player !!! A simple procedure of cleaning and minor editing turned into an exercise of frustration - not worth it ! Even if the program itself is good and does what it does advertised otherwise , I still could n't uninstall it fast enough off my hard drive because of principle.I strongly suggest you pass this product on and in fact , pass on all MAGIX products as a protest for their unethical sales method !
 I bought this after seeing mostly good reviews and because I wanted to convert to WAV format , rather than a proprietary format like WMA . It was fairly easy to figure out the basics , and sometimes I can convert a few albums in a row without it crashing . But it crashes way too often - at least 5 times today trying to convert one album ; a full reboot after each crash . After ripping about 10 albums -LRB- out of 150 or so -RRB- , I have decided to give up on this program and look for something else . Too bad ...
 This is a amazingly poor product . I suspect the favorable reviewers are either electrical engineers or computer whizzes . For the average person this program is just an exercise in frustration . The manual is more than just useless - it 's infuriating . It gives you all of the detail of what the program is capable of , it just never tells you how to use it . For example , it tells you that you may get a track marker -LRB- these are put in automatically in between songs -RRB- in the middle of the song if a pause is detected . But instead of telling you how to remove the unwanted marker , the instructions tell you how to insert one . Another section tells you it is possible to delete markers , but only explains how to move them . To launch the `` Track Wizard '' you are told to click the `` Export '' button and then press `` Track '' . Only problem is that there is no `` Track '' to be found to press . The set up instructions and the tutorial -LRB- which can only be viewed once -RRB- disagree as to which port in the sound card to use - a problem alleviated by trial and error , but just an example of how truly botched a product this is . These are only a few examples , space does not permit all of them . In short , I ca n't think of anything they got right . Tech support is n't bad , it 's non-existent . All I got was voice mail and unreturned calls . It 's a crime that opened software is not returnable . `` Rip-off '' is too mild a term .
 This software works however this company completely ignores the customer after the sale . The last version I used required unlock codes that you needed to obtain from the company ... I never got them despite repeated calls and emails . I can not believe that they are still in business . Do n't buy this software .
 It did n't work on my mac ox system . I have n't tried it on windows xp.Please , if you want a review , do n't bug me with the number of words in my review . If it did n't work , it did n't work !!
 I work as a Professional photographer and the Gretag Macbeth Color Checker Chart is the industry standard . You can understand I was upset when this IN STOCK item not only took 2 weeks to arive , but was NOT Gretag Macbeth . It was an Xrite version , and as such did NOT include the CD-Rom as stated in the listing . Amazon did fix the problem .
 If you are doing any gaming at all online , run away from this product . The concept behind this software is fantastic , but reliability is spotty . Tells you exactly what is on the network and when , but randomly fails to connect to the internet saying the network is down -LRB- even when it is up -RRB- failing every 20-45 minutes . I know the network is good because when I look at the connector for the cat 5 cable on the comp it has an amber light on telling me it has good signal , and if I kill the NM process in the Windows task manager I can connect via XP connection wizard no problem , even though NM says it tried to fix the connection and could n't . when I uninstalled NM , my network became rock solid again , too bad for Network MAgic . Great idea , poor execution .
 I bought and installed Network Magic and had constant problems with it crashing my machine and having to send error reports to Microsoft . Even after there upgrade it did n't help the error reports . Along with HP net work printer it was a disaster . After removing all of the soft ware for the hp 2610 all in one printer there still where problems . I waited for a couple of weeks to see if they where supporting my linksys router , I reinstalled it again and an error showed up on my other computer that did n't have Network Magic installed . I uninstalled it for the last time .
 I purchased this to make it easier to make a wireless home network between my old compaq desktop , my old HP laptop and my new compaq laptop.It was messy to use . When I get it connected once and I shut down , I could n't reconnect.I 'm returning it -LRB- Thanks Amazon -RRB- . I wound up using Microsoft 's `` Wireless Network Setup Wizard '' and my network works fine .
 Do n't purchase this product unless you want an app that you need to constantly babysit and coddle . The customer service is laughable at best and all the primary response to any issue is to upgrade with a latest version , which works for a day or two if at all before networking just errors out . I 've tried this on three unique networking environments in my home , my office and at school and all have been failures . If you buy this product you are either an idiot or you will certainly feel like one after a few days of using it .
 This program is probably one of the most useless programs I 've ever used . It has been the biggest headeache . I purchased it to be able to print wirelessly . When it works , which is rare , it 's great . I 've tried everything to make it work -LRB- as I could n't get mhy $ back -RRB- and finally gave up and just uninstalled it for good . Installed a similar program and have had no problems with it so far .
 This software is outdated at lease 5 years and cost me $ 10.00 this to sent back this outdated software and not made anymore and you can download a free version ver . 5.0 but it strill a big price of crap ever made
 The webpage does n't clearly state the basic level gives little to no capabilities . The links on the purenetworks website for upgrading do not work and no direct contact information is available . When trying to register , key server was constantly down . Took 30 days for response to open ticket . Once the call was returned , the server `` magically '' started working . Also had to go through the same painful drill during the upgrade -LRB- at full purchase price since upgrade link does n't work -RRB- . After all that , software is not fully compatible with Windows 7 ; they stopped at VISTA . So it ca n't detect virus protection , etc. . Lots of alerts that have to be turned off . Will not buy again . Disappointing from Cisco .
 This mess is everywhere on my computer , even after I uninstalled it ! I 've tried different ways to get it off my computer and including search and destroy , lol ;-RRB- -LRB- manual removal of parts -RRB- Needless to say I did n't care for the program .
 Share your printer easily ? Serve your shared files over the internet with Net2Go ? Get updates about the security status of your computers ? Sounds great , but it does n't work . Printer sharing never worked well , the status of computers is sometimes inacurate , and Net2Go?Net2Go worked for about a week , then crapped out and tech support is of no help . Even when I got it working , it required a fair bit of configuration , so unless you know what `` UPnP '' and `` Port Forwarding '' are or how to open a port on your software firewall -LRB- I suspect many of the people who buy this product are n't highly tech savy -RRB- then this product is one to pass up . Even if you manage to get it working , it takes two days to map a new IP address so unless you have a static IP , be prepared for some downtime when your ISP assigns you a new one.Net2Go was what I bought the software for so it 's a real shame it did n't work out.Oh , and make sure your router is on their `` supported '' list before buying . They do n't support a lot of the newer routers or routers with beefier firewalls .
 I love this product . Wait , what I mean is , I love the idea of this product.I love the idea of a network manager that sits quietly in the background . Stealthily repairing lost or broken connections , registering new additions to the network and informing me , at all times , who is and is n't on my network . Informing me of any questionable activities or problems it discovers.The concept is great . The implementation of this concept , however , is not quite the helpful friend it seems.Within 2 days of installing NM , I was having to retreat to my 2nd floor office several times a day to re-set my di-624 router after completely losing connection with my laptop . My wifes computer , in another study , was constantly receiving connection error messages . The NM program was constantly checking and re-checking these connections . Informing me that it was `` on the job '' fixing and repairing connections at a dizzying pace . An automatically downloaded upgrade shortly after install seemd to increase the frequency of these `` network crashes '' . If I was not extremely familiar with home networking , and more specifically , my personal home network . I could easily believe that NM was saving my life from all the correcting , repairing and disconnecting and resetting of connections it was doing . Saving me from the trouble of having to enter the appropriate setup modes to work in these issues and and relieving me of the responsibility of having to learn how to do these things.Unfortunately , or fortunately , for me ... I DO know how to do all this stuff.My network , which was running perfectly prior to the installation of NM , was now presenting as many as 7 to 12 reset scenarios a day . Not just `` connection repairs '' which can be performed from the remote computer you are on -LRB- although it was performing those multiple times through the day -RRB- , but networks resets which required me to acces the router and reset it.I can see how someone might think this a life saver if it was saving them from all the problems it claims to be fixing . However , my network , which had 1 reset in the last 3 months , never had the kind of problems I was experiencing with NM . And guess what ? After un-installing the program , it is back to normal again.As I said before , I would love to have a program that relieves me from the tedious tasks assoiated with performing the services it is claiming to offer . However , Network Magic , for me , does not live up to these claims.I recommed purchasing this from a place that will accept returns if you are wanting to try it . It may work for you , but I would n't roll those dice without a way out.Great Idea.Poorly Implemented.Not Recommended .
 I have been using this for the past three months . What decided the purchase was the fact that it would link my Dell 9300 laptop with all my printers in my wirless network . For someone who does n't know much about `` wireless networks '' it worked great , and the laptop found the printer perfectly.Now , the desktop which is `` wired '' to the router loses the software every time the machine starts which then up pops a error message to restart winXP or call Network Magic support . I restarted several times and had no luck . When I called Network Magic support the only help I recieved after explaining my problem was to reinstall windows and to see what happens after that.In other words this was no help at all after a reinstall still did not fix the problem.So the bottom line is that it is dead on my desktop but still functions on the laptop .
 After reading the reviews here , I was surprised that this software does n't interest my kids in the least -LRB- ages 7 and 10 , and they love Sponge Bob -RRB- . It also performs very poorly on the Mac , practically comandeering my operating system and forcing it to behave like that clunky program known as Windows . The Learning Company could do much better .
 I could not install this software and tried on 3 separate computers . Each one could not read the disk . What a piece of junk .
 i researched this product on several websites , which all said `` works on mac '' as well as pc . even went to the manufacturers website too . but after recieving the product , in the fine print on the box it shows it only works on VERY OLD macs . with operating systems several versions back and badly outdated . our oldest mac in the house is a G4 from 1999 - AND IT WO N'T WORK ON A 1999 MAC -- NEEDS OLDER VERSIONS . in this day of easy information access , i found nothing stating this on any website , including the manufacturer .
 If you are buying this for your child to learn on than you will want to keep looking . The program does n't teach basic skills at all . Better off going with a Mavis Beacon Learn to Type . The kids do love that it put a Spongebob Screensaver on our computer , but that has been the only thing they like about it . Games are n't very fun .
 Too much money for nothing . I remember that I bought other typing software when I was going to school and it was approximately 50 % cheaper and more interesting although it was not for children . Also , it seems that the software had been stored for long time because it is not working properly . Therefore , I do not recommend the software for anyone . Look for something more interesting and cheaper .
 I bought for my 8 year old and was disappointed it does n't teach the basic skills . The games are fun , but frustrating for my daughter because they expect knowledge of finger placement that they have n't taught yet.My other daughter who already learned to type is having fun advancing her skills though
 My son is 61/2 and this typing program was not well suited for his age group . His fingers still ca n't reach alot of the keys , and the games are timed which only makes searching for the correct keys even more frustrating.We put this away almost 20 minutes after opening it . We might try again in a few years , but I would say this program is n't appropriate until the are closer to 10 .
 My 9 year old son was bored stiff by this . It does n't scale well from inexperienced to experienced , so an experienced reader is doing very simple things getting bored . I 'd say it caps out at 6 or 7 year old audience.Worst problem is that there are some incorrect answers . The one where it asks you to click on a picture with a given short vowel sound was the most frustrating . Apparently a dog does not have a short ` o ' sound , and either rain or a tie must have a short ` i ' sound in them according to the program.Then again , maybe I 'm just the poor reader here and should trust the experts .
 This is an OK product but Simply Media 's is the one used in over 10,000 schools .
 The packaging is so stylish and modern that I had high hopes for this CD ROM , but I was wrong . It 's far too simple , the interface is ugly and the background music -LRB- which you can turn off at least -RRB- is annoying . And occasionally it even provides incorrect answers ! My kids never use it and I 'm sorry that I bought it.Where are the fun , intelligent educational software titles these days ?
 I was looking forward to this game for a long time . However , I found it to be annoyingly difficult . There is no level balance at all that I can see . You start out poor with poor equipment , which is fine except that everyone you run into can kill you in one swipe . Not to mention that it 's hard to get money , but you have a lot of expenses . You might be tempted to say ` well that 's life ' , well , this is n't life ... it 's a game . If I wanted life , I 'd go to work for entertainment.I could n't find any way to scale the difficulty , nor did it seem was I able to adjust the sensitivity or flip the axis on any of the movement controls . I 'm going to keep plugging away , because it does get easier as you figure it out , but the learning curve is very steep , much like a some of the football games.I give this two stars only because it shows potential , if I can survive long enough to develope the character 's skills to a point that the game is enjoyable . Naturally the instruction book that came with the game was abysmally general , and not very clear . It 's sad that that 's become the norm .
 I found this game to be one of the most difficult , most poorly documented and least intuitive games I ever played.You start off the game with a crewmember to lead you through the start of the game . From there , you continue on your own . There is no primer on how to sail a ship . There is a minimal trainer on sword fighting but little feedback on how you 're doing so you can modify your actions.After getting my ship sunk in a storm twice , getting sunk by random ships attacking me three times -LRB- including just showing up at my home port -RRB- and getting no feedback or instruction on how to survive those events or how to avoid them , I gave up and quit the game .
 Well , I have to admit that it 's a very pretty game , but I was largely disappointed in it . I actually bought it because I 'm a huge fan of Morrowind , and I planned on getting it back when it was going to be Sea Dogs II , but it was n't anything like I expected.One problem is with the characters ' HP and health items -- the first being nonexistent and the second working far too slowly and being far too clunky -- and too expensive ! -- to use . About half the enemies you run into on the very first island can kill you in one blow , and you 'll only rarely run into single enemies . And even with a good sword and the `` professional fencer '' ability , you 're weak . Like a little girl.Also , the dungeons are truly pathetic when it comes to items , and killing enemies gives you nothing but minor experience . They wo n't even let you loot the bodies ! On many , many levels , this game makes no sense , and if I did n't know it was originally designed by Bethesda , I 'd never have guessed . It makes me wonder if this was the game they were going to put out before Disney bought up the rights or if Disney changed a lot at the last minute to result in such total suckitude . Maybe Bethesda did n't want it to look too much like their Elder Scrolls games and changed stuff themselves but did n't have much time to actually work the bugs out of the changes . Either way , it 's terribly simplistic and at times downright frustrating . For instance , you ca n't even move sideways . There 's only forward , back , and jump back . No lateral movement whatsoever.Eventually , I realized part of the reason for the HP issues -- if you were n't getting killed every three minutes and waiting to reload , you 'd realize that you can play the entire game in three days , start to finish , including sidequests . You can probably do it in two , in fact , if you do n't stop to chase pirates every few minutes . The sea battles are practically the only good thing about the game and saved it from being a complete disappointment . It truly helps that I got it on sale for less than I 'd waste on pizza I wo n't eat because I 'm too tired to cook.Three days ' worth of entertainment versus a mediocre pizza ... well , it was n't a complete loss ...
 Pirates of the caribbean is a very good ` looking ' game . It has some very attractive features.Unfortunately it is SO sloppy it 's not worth trying to get around the problems.First , the manual is almost useless . There are aspects of game place that the manual does n't even begin to describe . There are sections of the manual that are completely missing.As others have mentioned , there are BUGS . Plenty of them . I 've had characters that you had to interact with inhabiting the same physical space as other characters - making it impossible to interact with them.I 've also had outright crashes where the game just quits . Bethesda 's support was quick and responsive - for the first couple days before they finally just gave up . Their solution ? Start again . Well . . after starting again for the 3rd time I lost interrest.There are other `` Pirate '' games out there . . Spend your money on one of those .
 This is my first review - ever . But I felt a sense of duty to let everyone know if you did n't buy this game yet , DO N'T . This game is a complete waste of time . Do n't buy it . It 's nothing at all like Seadogs . A lot of reviewers rave about the great graphics , and they are great when you can see them . But forget about doing anything at night or when it 's raining , it 's virtually impossible to see anything . All you do is walk around in almost total blackness bumping into everything . If it starts getting dark at all , you have to go to a tavern , if you can , and wait until morning . At least in Seadogs , the lanterns were lit . If you 're in the jungle , or anywhere outside of town , you may as well reload the game from where you left off . And what the * $ ! -RRB- is with the storms at sea ? You ca n't control the ship , you ca n't see , and you just sit there until you reload the game or your ship sinks . I loved Seadogs , and could n't wait until this game came out , then finally got it this past Christmas . I spent over half the game time so far wandering around in the dark . What a letdown .
 Bethesda should be ashamed of themselves ; Sea Dogs is one of the best pirate games of all time and Sea Dogs II had potential of being twice as better . Then Disney throws their moneybags that Bethesda to rush the release of Sea Dogs II and change the name to Disney 's new movie Pirates of the Caribbean . Therefore we Sea Dogs fans now have Pirates of the Caribbean , which is full of bugs . The graphics are beautiful but it 's so buggy that I can not enjoy the game . I gave it a fair chance I wanted to see it succeed but I got so frustrated with the bugs in Pirates of the Caribbean that I destroyed the CD out of anger . I recommend everyone to not buy this game , instead buy Sea Dogs and send letters to Bethesda to cut your loses with Pirates of the Caribbean and make us a worthy sequel to Sea Dogs .
 this was going to be sea dogs 2 . REMEMBER THIS.diseny bought it out when it was 80 % done and rushed it out . bugs bugs everywere and not a game to play!if you want a SWEET Rpg in the pirate era , buy SEA DOGS.its a million times better , and the have GREAT mods and www.thelib.comBUY SEA DOGS . NOT PoTC !!!!
 I must say that this is one of the worst games I have played since Outpost . The manual is utterly useless . It has hardly any solid information about the controls or flow of the game . The controls are non-intuitive and sluggish . The game play is very poor and kluggy . This game is so bad , I thought there must be a patch for it . But I was wrong . I am playing this on a P4 H/T with a GB of RAM and a G-Force video card . Unless you enjoy disappointment , avoid this game at all cost .
 My computer is well within the minimum specs for this title yet I could not get it to run properly . Once I began a new game the thing would freeze . I 've played many high end games on my computer with few if any problems . Please avoid as Pirates of the Caribbean has faulty -LRB- incomplete ? -RRB- programing and might not work on your computer .
 I finally got a working -LRB- ? -RRB- copy of the game after over a month of searching and waiting . It arrived Friday evening and it is now Sunday evening and the only part of the game I 've actually seen is the splash screens for loading and the movie files . I 've loaded , unloaded , reloaded and tweaked all weekend . I 've upgraded drivers , checked my system to make sure I 'm well within requirements -LRB- and am -RRB- and , as of this moment , the only part of the game that plays are the videos . I 've had help from folks who actually got their games to work -LRB- and they are mystified about my problems -RRB- . Save your money .
 First off , there are like two games in this , which would make one think that it would be great .1 . The RPG gameplay is pathetic , it is to hard , and at night , you can not see whatsoever .2 . You can not defeat ships or even hit the ships . BAD ! 3 . TERRIBLE GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The controls are terrible . Once you get used to them , you realize that the combat engine is terrible . The graphics are nice , but so what ? This game just is n't fun .
 i got sum problem ... installed the game ... click on new game ... there 's a screen with the loading game ... but it does n't load at all ... i 've waited 1 hr but the game simply wo n't load ... n then my system gets hanged ... any ideas friends wat cud b the prob?my system requirements match .
 Be careful when buying this product - it states that it runs on many Window 's platforms , but actually works on very few . The video and sound card requirements are pretty hefty . I made the mistake of buying this software only to find out I ca n't run it , and my laptop is less than a year old . Plus , the trouble shooting information is minimal on both the software and the official website . I ended up having to contact technical support . It looks like a great game if you can run it ...
 I have played Pirates of the Caribbean on Xbox , and I really enjoyed the game . But as you advanced to higher levels of play , the Xbox would lock up . So I was wanting to but the Bethesda 's Pirates of the Caribbean PC version . Its is the same game . I recently purchase this NEW game from a 3rd party in Amazon.com . When I got the game , I was surprised by the cover , it had a different company name , of UBI Soft Exclusive in big letters along the botton of the packaging . The name is make to look like it matches a well known software company , yet in fact , its not the same company . Upon opening , and seeing the black and white labeling on the disk themselfs , that is identical , to the Bethesda game disks , except they are only in the colors of Black and White , where the original in in colors , I suspected I had been sold a Boot-leg game . As it turned out , it was a bad copy too . I am disapoited that the seller with a 100 % rating , would sell a Boot-leged game . Beware of sellers .
 I bought this game thinking that perhaps it was just a name change , that maybe it was still going to be sea dogs 2 ... but alas , the gameplay is horrible . . the AI is lacking . . and the speech trees are annoying . . My only hope is that perhaps by selling out with this game , bethesda will have made enough to make another great game in the elder scrolls series ... . Do n't purchase this title thinking it will be Morrowindesque , it 's just not even close . Disney put the big stink on it .
 For starters , you ca n't easily control your character or your ships . There are times you 'd like to save , but ca n't . The instructions are non-existant . The combat engine is a joke . Combat is supposed to be an important part of the game , but the action is the worst I 've seen in years . Please do n't buy this game . If we keep buying -LSB- weak -RSB- games like this , there will be no real incentive for developers to make decent products !
 Ok here is my beef , I own `` Sea Dogs '' and I also own `` Morrowind '' both which I thoroughly enjoyed . But after beating this `` Non-Linear '' game in only 4 days I can say this game is a huge bust . I must admit im not a huge rpg game fan but if it has something to do with leveling up in order to get bigger and better things such as ships I have got to have it . I find it hard to believe the creators of morrowind made this game , it looks great but underneath is a hideously awful game . It seems like every other person you run into for a job proposal is named Rooper , and the ending which I wont give away , is extremely disappointing . I will however say that to call this game `` Non-linear '' is an extreme hoax because once you 've gotten so far there is no turning back , and right at the point where your thinking the fun is just beginning , the ending will be in its place , and all the time you 've spent leveling up to finally capture the ship of your dreams will end up in an extremely watery grave leaving you with no since of fulfillment or enjoyment at all ! Because once you get it you will lose it and there is nothing you can do about it but watch with horror from starboard as the credits role and the game ends . My biggest problem with this game is the ending , maybe I just ran into a streak of luck which allowed me to level up fast -LRB- I did not cheat -RRB- but even so to be forced to end the game after capturing a ship which can not be bought and not even getting to take it for a test drive or anything is pretty awful . One of the things I loved about The original `` Sea Dogs '' and `` Morrowind '' -LRB- which I still have n't finished yet -RRB- was that you decided when the game would end , and it did not force it upon you . I seriously doubt I had even finished leveling my character up to a level anywhere near his maximum potential which dualy upsets me , But alas , this was a disney production so I guess it was only to be expected.In short save your money if you like rpg 's of an exploratory nature get into the morrowind series or if you have a ship upgrading addiction and need a game to satisfy this urge Buy the original `` Sea Dogs '' or if you already own that get `` Freelancer '' from Microsoft , just do n't buy this game because you will end up with a huge disappointment . ...
 As an extremely avid gamer , I normally say I have no problem throwing -LSB- money -RSB- away on a new game , even if it only holds my interest for a few weeks . With Pirates of the Caribbean , I definately did throw away -LSB- money -RSB- though , and I wish I could get it back.I bought Pirates of The Caribbean after being addicted to Morrowind , another Bethesda game for months and months , expecting to see the same breathtaking graphics and flexibility of gameplay . While the graphics are n't bad , they are a little less than I expected , with things starting to look the same after you 've visited a few islands . Some areas appear to just not be finished , with large green spots , bare of rocks or foliage or anything.The gameplay is what really upset me . While your first sea battle is a blast , and your first few sword and pistol duels are pretty fun , after having to load an old game a dozen or so times because almost every opponent on the sea can quite easily destroy you , and getting stuck in a storm can easily be an end-game , it gets old.The story line is so linear , you have none of the flexibility of Morrowind , or other recent RPG 's . The first day was horrible , with poor documentation and a high learning curve.The second and third day were awesome , exploring the new opportunities of sea battle and new areas of the Caribbean.The rest of that week , and all of this week , I 've been frustrated and disappointed.Pirates of the Caribbean is now sitting in a box in the hall .
 Ok here is my beef , I own `` Sea Dogs '' and I also own `` Morrowind '' both which I thoroughly enjoyed . But after beating this `` Non-Linear '' game in only 4 days I can say this game is a huge bust . I must admit im not a huge rpg game fan but if it has something to do with leveling up in order to get bigger and better things such as ships I have got to have it . I find it hard to believe the creators of morrowind made this game , it looks great but underneath is a hideously awful game . It seems like every other person you run into for a job proposal is named Rooper , and the ending which I wont give away , is extremely disappointing . I will however say that to call this game `` Non-linear '' is an extreme hoax because once you 've gotten so far there is no turning back , and right at the point where your thinking the fun is just beginning , the ending will be in its place , and all the time you 've spent leveling up to finally capture the ship of your dreams will end up in an extremely watery grave leaving you with no since of fulfillment or enjoyment at all ! Because once you get it you will lose it and there is nothing you can do about it but watch with horror from starboard as the credits role and the game ends . My biggest problem with this game is the ending , maybe I just ran into a streak of luck which allowed me to level up fast -LRB- I did not cheat -RRB- but even so to be forced to end the game after capturing a ship which can not be bought and not even getting to take it for a test drive or anything is pretty awful . One of the things I loved about The original `` Sea Dogs '' and `` Morrowind '' -LRB- which I still have n't finished yet -RRB- was that you decided when the game would end , and it did not force it upon you . I seriously doubt I had even finished leveling my character up to a level anywhere near his maximum potential which dualy upsets me , But alas , this was a disney production so I guess it was only to be expected ...
 Purchased this product for Palm OS ... upon loading onto PC and attemting to transfer to new Palm with plenty of memory discovered it wo n't allow it to load without buying an expansion card . Customer service consists ONLY of email support which takes days to respond . Do n't know yet how good the product itself is yet , but Palm users beware .
 All I read about this product gave great reviews , now that I own it I find it 's made for Kids age 2 to 6 . Absolutely confusing to produce one beat at a time to build a drum kit , the Beatmapping tool is extremely hard find and manipulate . If you want a real working music writting tool for computer this is NOT IT !!! If you want a toy to play with senseless loops have fun , enjoy .
 I wanted a program where i could create my own loops and make my own music . Instead they give you crappy loops to use and to make your own loops it takes 764588076654 hours ! biggest disappointment ! if you want to be a cheater and use pre-made loops go ahead . Anyone else do n't waste your money
 this is a one of the best software which suits the network lan connection , which gives us full tension free lan connection . Thank You .
 It launches your browser and links to a website that no longer exists making this software absolutely useless . Save your money and look elsewhere .
 Old , old , prehistoric windows program not good above windows 95 ; definately not with vista ... lost postage on return to vendor but original expence refunded
 This program is an old one !!!! My husband purchased this for my birthday ! It is old and was not meant for Windows XP . They should have indicated that this product was for certain computers . He knows I 'm a birder and this would have really made my birthday great ! Instead , we had to return it ! This is not worth it !!!!
 As a beginner in acoustic guitar I have looked at lots of videos and read many many books on playing the guitar and music theory . Of all the information and study aids that I have looked at this CD-ROM is the worse of them all . It is really choppy to follow and is not a very good tool . Even though it is a cheap buy you would be better to apply this money to a beginner 's blues video . Also , I now realize that it is much more enjoyable to sit in front of a television and watch an instructional video and play your guitar than it is to sit in front of a computer .
 Drive 10 is not worth the money . I takes several hours to repair/rebuild a disk with 200k files , which is actually quite common with OSX . The repair was not even done right and the disk did no longer mount.Later I bought DiskWarrior 3.0 , it did the same job better on the same disk in around half an hour .
 I have never had a product that so badly fail in every way . This product takes on the average of 6-10 hrs to complete a defrag and even more to just get booted on the cd so I can do the defrag 2 0f three times i had to abort the job because it froze before the defrag was complete . It would only accept the boot half the time . I have been so disallusioned that I am going to switch to another product and will not purchase or certainly recommend Micromat anything !!!
 File structure test causes computer to crash . DO NOT BUY !
 So far , I have had a number of problems with this product , beginning with attempts to register it . Some windows , including the registration window and info windows such as the ingredient/analysis window , truncate the info so that the entire field can not be read . There appears to be no way to view all of the info . I have even tried to change screen resolution to no avail . This is the only program I have ever entered that had this problem . I am using Windows XP Home on that computer . The phone support person could not help and said I could return the product if not satisfied . I have not yet given up on it , but am close to returning it . I will be happy to change this review if this problem can be solved , hopefully with the publisher 's help .
 Not what I expected . It works ok but I have used better programs
 can not review - item returned due to the fact that this is not was I wanted
 Were it not for the glitches , this would be a great piece of software.My main complaint is that each time I update it with their latest software -LRB- which includes new recipes -RRB- , instead of overwriting the existing recipes , it simply adds them again . So , after the installation and two updates , I now have 3 of every recipe.This is annoying on many levels . I 've contacted customer support and their seeming automaton tells me to update to the latest version . Well ... that 's what is causing the problems.I 'm a Microsoft engineer so I 'm not computer-stupid . The software has some serious flaws.Buy at your own risk .
 old interface , many bugs , user extremely unfriendly , a complete waste of money for overpriced piece of cooking software developed by some unexperienced software writer , that is lucky to get away with such an unsatisfactory job ! Get living cookbook software instead , instant download online , it is the best one by far .
 I never write reviews of software , or anything for that matter . However , I felt compelled to warn others before they throw away 40 bucks on this software . It is very hard to install if you are missing some . dll files . You have to scower the internet to find and download the right ones . Also , I bought the combination package that had two other recipe cd 's included . If you load these in the wrong order , watch out as well ! Once I finally got everything up and running , it worked for about a month , then crashed . I finally got tired of fixing this program , and decided to use the cookin ' delux cd 's as drink coasters . Beware .
 I was very disappointed in this program and do not plan on buying any other programs from this company . I 've worked with it for several months now , but have only been increasingly dissatisfied with it.I have a metabolic disorder , which requires careful attention to my diet , so I bought Cook 'n primarily for the nutritional analysis . I 've found , however , that there are frequently glaring inaccuracies in the analyses . The most obvious is a tendency to list sodium as being 400 + mg . These errors happen even when all the ingredients in the recipe have full nutritional information in the database.When I followed their instructions for importing recipes -LRB- using some Meal Master recipes I downloaded from the internet -RRB- the program reacted very strangely and started giving me serious problems . For instance , some of the cookbooks disappeared , and the screen look changed . I uninstalled , then reinstalled it . For some reason that only partially corrected the problems . I never have been able to get the original program I worked with back up and running , even after installing the upgrades.As noted in earlier reviews , support is pretty much nil . All I was told was to go to their website , in spite of the fact that I explained that I had already been there . The website help section is small and has very little information . It was not at all helpful to me.Overall , I wish I 'd listened more to the negative reviews when I was researching this prior to buying it . They detail , for the most part , exactly the sort of problems I 've been having . I 've given up on Cook 'n and am now looking for another program that will give me the nutrional information I need , with more flexibility in downloading , and more accuracy in nutritional anlysis .
 # 1 -RRB- The user interface is okay , but not intuitive . I am a technical writer , web designer and software support specialist , and it took me a while to figure out how things were organized . Right or wrong , I expected something of a Windows format , i.e. the FILE menu lists functions specific to filing , the EDIT menu lists things like copy and paste , etc. . . I 'm not a big fan of the Microsoft Monopoly , but I have to tell you that most people expect things to look like Windows these days . # 2 -RRB- The shopping list function does not reliably pull every ingredient from a recipe , and the entire `` have it '' column will clear whenever you try to modify an ingredient . This was particularly frustrating to me when I was working on a weekly menu list and had a huge number of things checked ! The software does not give you a `` modify '' button or something similar when you 've checked all of your `` have it '' items , so that the only way you can look at just the things you need to buy is by printing out the list , which is a huge waste of paper if you have to make changes . When I tried to print a week 's shopping list , the list came out in 12-point font which took up three pages -LRB- way too big ! it 's got to fit in a regular pocket or handbag , remember -RRB- , and listed the items in a very confusing , hard-to-read format , with the section title -LRB- example
 The software allows you to add pictures into the recipe database . Sound like a good idea right !! But there is no way to view the pictures with the recipe or to print them out . My goal was to keep our recipes organized , but also to print them and have them in a binder . Having a picture of the meal you are cooking is very useful , but not possible with this software.Save you money , do n't bother with this software .
 I bought an older version of this software and had a lot of problems with it . It kept giving me different error messages and just shutting down . So a couple of years later I bought this upgraded version hoping DVO had worked out the bugs . NO !! It still gave me a fatal error message and froze up . So now I 'm stuck with 2 versions of the same program , and it does n't even work . Do n't waste your money on this product like I did .
 Could not install this software on ANY of my computers . I will not buy anything related to the company EVER !!!!!!! I only rated this 1 star because I had to .
 I bought this program in 4/2/2010 . It worked fair . on 9/28/2010 I bought the organizer 9 . It worked so bad that I stopped fooling with it . Several weeks age I re - installed everything.It will not accept the other programs in the master program . The only support is on-line . I e-mailed them after # 9 did n't work months ago . They never responded . I think the program is a rip off . I 'm tired of being ripped off by companies like this . SHAME ON YOU DVO . I hope this costs you many sales .
 The video tutorials are great . The program is average compared to others out there.My biggest peave is that , after trying a number of programs , I found one I liked better . Dan Oaks refunded only my purchase price -- NOT THE 200 % HE CLAIMS HE WILL DO . He continues to ignore my emails .
 I do not recommend this product . I have spent a lot of time putting in my own recipes and pictures , and then they just disappear after a while . I try it again and again it happens that my recipes are gone , the only ones I can find are the crappy ones DVO puts on there . The interface is outdated , antiquated , and clunky-not to mention aesthetically unappealing . The software is unreliable , do n't waste your time with it . I have wasted my time with it and I regret it . Save your money and wait until something decent is developed for recipe organizing . Seriously .
 My choices of cooking/meal planning software are limited because I use Windows NT . So I was delighted when I found this software -- and found it so reasonably priced.Then I opened the package . The instructions are dreadful . If I were n't relatively computer savvy , I 'd really be in trouble . The instructions are vague , sparse , and all but useless.The poor instructions -LRB- a sixteen-page user 's manual -RRB- would n't be a problem if the online help were more comprehensive and easier to read or follow . There is nothing intuitive about the program . The nutritional analysis function is cumbersome at best . Adding recipes is not particularly easy . I have not tried to use any other functions because these two tasks -- the primary reasons I got the software -- have been so annoying.While an on screen message says you need the CD to view pictures of the recipes , the program wo n't open without the CD -- whether you want to view recipe pictures or not . Something I absolutely hate.This software is so irritating to use I have n't bothered to register it -LRB- just purchased it about 5 days ago -RRB- and I 'm about to delete it from my computer . I would have given it 0 stars if that had been an option .
 This software program is terrible . I have Windows 98 and my personal computer meets all the system requirements as specified by the software manufacturer , but this software stopped working on my machine after only a few days . Errors occurred when I did not specify meals for each day of the Sunday to Saturday meal plan . -LRB- Contrary to what the software manufacturers believe , I DO NOT cook every day of the week ! -RRB- When I tried to create a shopping list from the meals that I created in my 3-day meal plan , the software threw an unrecoverable database error which caused it to shut down . I could not re-open the software without the error recurring . ... BR > Other than that , I was also disappointed with the recipe selection and the unusual omissions on the ingredient lists -LRB- this thing had never heard of merlot !?? -RRB- . In addition , I did not see any way to download recipes directly into this software from my favorite websites , such as epicurious.com.Overall , I would say that it 's obvious that no one at the company who manufactured this software ever bothered to rigorously test it . I strongly advise against purchasing it .
 Here is a copy of the letter I sent to the company requesting a refund : Thank you for taking back this product . That being said , I wish you could give me back all of the time and effort that I have lost trying to make this product function well . I was never able to load one of the CDs . My shopping list printed out in ounces . What is ounce of salt ? Why would this program convert cups and teaspoons into ounces ? How about 0.087 ounces of pepper ? It makes no sense!Technical support via email was extremely slow . It took days for tech support to respond to my problems.The program is awkward to use and to navigate.Your product is nothing at all like you advertised . I could n't be more displeased .
 Using the software was very time consuming . Data entry was not intuitive . It 's basically just a big database . With the amount of work required to enter info into the software , I would have been better off saving my money and making my own recipe database in MS Access .
 After spending a couple hours entering my own recipes , I received a fatal error and have not been able to open the program again . I do n't plan to continue using this software and I would n't recommend it.In addition , I did contact the software support . To their credit , they responded in a timely manner . Unfortunately , they only were able to tell me what I already know which was that my data was lost and there was no way to retrieve it .
 I found this software very user unfriendly , difficult to naviagate and very time-consuming to attempt to utilize . The window for recipe addition is easy to use but that is the only thing easy to use . There are better choices out there .
 This is absolutely the worst software program I 've ever purchased . Half the time I open it it 's exits because of a fatal error . The instructions tell you when you have this type of error , that is usually due to hard disk errors , but after running scandisk to repair any errors , I still get the error . Usually when I read this kind of review , I think it might be the lack of computer knowledge of the user , but I 'm a computer programmer , so I very computer savvy . I wo n't bother to check out the support , the software functionality is not worth it . Get MasterCook instead .
 I was looking forward to a product aimed at vegetarians . Somehow , a food listing that includes bacon bits , bacon drippings , and anchovies is missing the point -LRB- so far I 've only gotten to the B 's in deleting non-vegetarian ingredients and recipes -RRB- . Some people confusedly think eating chicken or fish qualifies them as a vegetarian , so maybe that is the audience this program seeks -LRB- although that still does n't explain the bacon -RRB- . Earlier I posted my inability to customize nutrition information . A quick response from support showed me how ... the information was not located in the manual and was not at all intuitive -LRB- and I work in computers all day every day -RRB- .
 Unless you need directions for how to make mini-pizzas out of a slice of bread , sauce , and cheese , you 'll be better off with another program . Not easy to navigate around , either .
 The interface is pretty awful . Looks like it was writted for Windows 3.1 -LRB- pre Windows95 -RRB- . For this price the interface should have been modernized . Also , you have to put the CD in in order to use it . However , it does do ok at cataloging your own recipes which is what i wanted it for . The recipes already in it are not very vegetarian , using meat , sugar , butter and other stuff . Some are veggie though.Overall , I 'm disappointed in the interface , and the fact i have to put the CD in every time i want to use it .
 I really ca n't give a review because I ordered this product to use on a MAC and the box is marked as a Window 95 , 98 , NT , 2000 product . Make sure you have one of these operating systems before ordering
 I fell asleep listening to this it was so boring , I thought it would have helpful things that I did n't already know but it did n't . DON `` T BUY THIS , it is a waste of money .
 I purchased fix it 4.0 about 2 months ago and still ca n't get it to install and work properly , even though I have written numerous emails to their support staff . They still can not resolve my problem . One of the major problems with this product is it has recently been bought over by vcom from ontrack . Unlike ontrack , vcom does not offer phone support on this product , only email support for 60 days , so if you run in to a problem during installation , you are basically left on your own.They will only answer your questions by email within 24-48 hours . Vcom ca n't say for sure if they will ever offer phone support either on this product ! I was told that their support staff were still being trained on the product itself . Interesting !! So , unless you are a gambler and would like to take a chance on the program installing with no problems , I would NOT buy this product . BEWARE !
 I ordered Fix-it 4.0 on Jan 29 , 2004 . Today is February 25th and have still not got it . I have sent 2 emails and have received no reply . I have written to Amazon but looks like they have not been able to do anything . Only thing they can do is return my money after waiting even longer and spending time on filling out forms . I am surprised the product is still on the list .
 I 'm not happy with The Big Box Of Art . It has screwed up my computer and it is n't that easy to use when and if you can get to it . I also have not had an easy time of getting hold of them to complain to them or find out what I can do with my computer program . It wo n't let me uninstall it and it has a `` fatal error '' and wo n't let me do anything else . Also , it has fouled up several other programs and the way they work .
 This product was completely worthless to me because it did NOT include the code from the original box . The box was not sent to me - just the disks in cases . I have written to the person who sold this to me and asked for the code or a refund .
 I purchased this product for a couple of reasons . The first is because of the good reputation of The Learning Company -LRB- I have several of their products -RRB- and `` Schoolhouse Rock '' . Also , my child is completing 3rd grade this month . Software that reviewed third grade and went on into the next three years of school seemed perfect.Unfortunately , after I installed and started one of the four CDs , `` Schoolhouse Rock '' , the program stated that it was for ages 6-10 -LRB- corresponding to grades 1-5 -RRB- . Another program , `` Word Munchers Deluxe '' , also said it was for grades 1-5 after installing and running the program . This difference in age ranges is not stated anywhere in the discription or on the packaging of the software . The front of all of the CDs says `` Ages 8-12 '' , but this is not the case . These two programs look like my childs kindergarten and first grade level programs that he grew out of a couple of years ago . They focused on that level of computer experience as well . I would have been ok with grades 3-5 -LRB- ages 8-11 -RRB- but the characters , graphics , and instructions were for a younger age group . It was too slow . `` The Writing Trek '' was very boring - maybe a good curriculum guide for elementary school teachers . The last program , `` Strategy Challanges '' would n't run at all , but I did n't care to find out why . I just uninstalled everything , and I hope to exchange it for something else . My child will not use these - they are not appropriate for his age.Another problem was found upon installing `` The Writing Trek '' CD - it says it is for ages 4-6 . This must be an error .
 I got this product for my 5 year old , and it is about right , any 3-6th grade would not like it at all . The best thing in the game is the free cluefinders monkey adventure in my costco box.Most of the games look like they were designed for windows 95 . I liked the clips from grammar rock , I remember these as a kid , but you could by the DVD of Schoolhouse rock and get better versions of those .
 The goal behind this software is great . We bought this to give our computer savvy child some practice on writing and language art . The software is not of good quality . It has hard to use user interface . Especially compared to other educational software , this lacks the finish . My son soon got bored and has never used this .
 Crashed constantly when I first used it on my iMac running 10.3 . After a while , it refused to load at all . The update only made the problem worse , so I 've had virtually no use of it and ca n't recommend it to anyone . Whatever is wrong with it , the Hemera people should have fixed it , but they have n't and show no interest in doing anything .
 I am running OSX3 .8 , and I have yet to get this application to even open . I have emailed Hemera customer support several times , with no response . Big Box of junk .
 I made the mistake of buying both this and the photo clip art images . The searching is terrible , but that 's no surprise . The vector images are n't really vector , as they can only be downloaded as EPS files -LRB- for Mac -RRB- . The quality of the images themselves are awful , and look like shady scan jobs . Definitely not for professional use , but barely good enough for fun use . Spend your money elsewhere , like the Art Explosion series . I love these and it comes with a huge catalog book to look up your clip art .
 I only paid $ .99 for this and that should have been an open warning that you get what you pay for . It was trash !!!!!!
 This program has nothing that could assist any child learn or review phonics . The so-called game reward is merely more work , and the work has no value ! If you are looking for a program that provides a learning experience , look elsewhere . If you think this will provide some sort of meaningful review of phonics , you will be quite disappointed.The producers of this program should hang their heads in shame !
 Here is what the software support team told me when I tried to use this software on a Windows XP laptop -LRB- apparently you have to have a `` tiny '' amount of virtual memory for use with computers that have more than 256MB RAM -- which is ridiculous -RRB- : Official Copyright -LRB- tm -RRB- software has a compatability problem with Windows 2000/XP computers that have more than 256MB RAM . If this is the case the application will not run complaining that there is not enough memory . This problem does not affect Official Trademark -LRB- tm -RRB- or any other software created by Official Software . To get the software to work you can do the following as a workaround . This problem will be addressed with the next version of the software .1 . From the START menu select CONTROL PANELS2 . Select PERFORMANCE AND MAINTENANCE3 . Select SYSTEM4 . Click on the ADVANCED tab5 . In the PERFORMANCE section click on the SETTINGS button6 . Click on the ADVANCED tab7 . In the VIRTUAL MEMORY section click on the CHANGE button8 . Select the CUSTOM SIZE radio button , then enter the following : Initial size -LRB- MB -RRB-
 This software does n't work on Windows , but manufacturer claims it does . Everytime I tried to save my work or basically do anything when using the software it crashes . My system runs fine and every other piece of software I have on it works well - but not this one . Do not buy .
 This was the last year I will use any Quicken products . Turbo Tax consistently gives confusing message boxes -LRB- i.e. . Did it print ? < Cancel > < OK > -RRB- , refuses to allow the user to change electronic filing status , and overall is designed only for the simplest forms . It would not allow me view the files before sending . Starting and stoping the program is burdensome at best , with the obvious intent that someone sits down and fills in ALL the information in one sitting . I can not recommend avoiding bad interfaces and design enough . This program once had promise , but now is as complicated and cumbersome to use as Windows itself .
 if i could download the program i could review it but all i get is illegal operation and can not get any help
 I wanted to transfer info from Quicken 98 to this program but it only accepts transfers from Quicken 2001 . Thanks alot !
 Amazon.com lists a $ 5.00 rebate and provides a link . When the link is clicked no rebate coupon appears . I 've emailed amazon.com and requested that the link be fixed . I will post any updates here .
 When one starts the software , it immediately instructs one to update it through the Internet . However , the software crashed repeatedly when it was about to install the updates . Furthermore , if your legal residence is in one of the US territories -LRB- i.e.
 Gee , my first review seems to have gotten lost!This is not an easy program to download and install . After you download the product and install it your desktop will be full of `` Intuit '' junk - I did n't like that .
 Last year I bought this from Amazon . We tried to mail in the rebate form and there was a requirement to attach the receipt.Just to make sure , we called Intuit and was told the rebate is not for online purchases , but for over the counter purchases only . We never got the rebate . Any one had any luck so far ? I like buying it from amazon , but do not want to be cheated again.Still waiting for $ 5 !!!!
 I bought this -LRB- V8 .2 -RRB- because the company I work for does not use Outlook -LRB- or any other calendar/scheduling software -RRB- ... I , at least , needed something for myself to maintain appts , etc.How disappointing this software is . Besides having the `` feel '' of something incomplete , there are some serious problems ... here is what I have discovered after one day of use . - There is no way to have this program auto-start with Windows . You must manually launch this application . - There is no place to enter a website in the `` Contacts '' area of businesses , clients , friends , etc. - When you bring up an email address using the Planner software , there is a button -LRB- `` E-Mail : '' -RRB- that supposedly launches your email application with the recipient already filled in and ready for you to compose . Well , unless you have Outlook -LRB- and if you do , then why do you need this ? -RRB- no application will start ... and there is no way to select your email program ... Outlook is hard-coded in.I verified all of these issues with Franklin-Covey . So , save your money and buy something that 's fully functional .
 I was so dissappointed with this software . The box depicts a bunch of photos cropped in circles but it is virtually impossible to do . I called tech support which was no help since they do not actually use the program . Upon going to the message boards , I discovered several other users had the same problem .
 I have Hallmark card studio 1 and 2 and I enjoy them immensely . . Then I bought the ` Scrapbook Studio ' . I can not believe how hard it is to use . My husband and I have spent hours trying to figure it out . A lot of the art is good but the program should be scrapped . Hallmark should never have put their name on this one .
 This program is EXTREMELY slow . I have had no problems running any software programs on my computer -LRB- and I own A LOT of them -RRB- until I bought this particular program . The graphics and templates are of great quality but the CD continually shuts my computer down and/or takes forever to run , when it does run -LRB- and this is not very often -RRB- . I am constantly e-mailing back and forth with Sierra Software -LRB- the manafacturer -RRB- ... SAVE YOUR MONEY . There are many scrapbooking programs available out there . I think that there were some `` glitches '' that were not worked out by the manafacturer before releasing this program . : - -LRB-
 I am shipping it back to Sierra for a refund . It has great graphics but it is designed primarily to print the pages and insert your original photos in hard copy form . In the small print they tell you that you ca n't insert photos in oval or round frames . It does a terrible job of inserting photos even in the square frames in the software . They paste the photos on top of the frames . They only have a few frames that are transparent and let you send your photo to the back . As a result the photos never fit properly and you block out overlaping frames and other objects that overlap their predesigned frames . Their tech desk finally admitted there is no good solution . See Sierra 's message board for more details from disappointed users . Also , their instructions are very limited and difficult to understand . It is deffinitely not user friendly software .
 I just received mine yesterday , and although there are a lot of cool templates , you can not insert pictures unless they are straight up and down . If you try to insert one at an angle , it will be distorted - definitely a waste of money .
 This is a very shoddy product . You have to restart your computer not once , but twice . It makes you install MDAC components , which is a huge no-no in a consumer app . This can lead to all sort of dll version problems with other apps . The JPG file names are also cryptic , so you ca n't even salvage that from the program . Save your cash for a more deserving product , this should be free-ware .
 I am an experienced graphic software user , and I had high expectations with this program . I was looking for a program with a variety of templates that I could incorporate photos from my digital camera . I then wanted to burn the finished pages onto a CD to give to family to review or print . I also wanted to print the full page with pictures on my HP printer.I was immediately disappointed as soon as I tried to insert my first picture . The frames are not transparent , which is a HUGE problem . This means that you can not size your photo and position it behind the frame . You have to crop and exactly size the photo to fit the white `` insert picture here '' BEFORE you import the picture to the page . This is a huge problem , as there is no easy way to figure the size of the frame!The other large problem lies in the `` vector graphics '' programming of the software . Many frames are positioned at an angle . When you attempt to position a photo in the angled frame , it distorts the photo . The more the frame is angled , the more the photo is distored . However , you can tilt the graphics included in the program.This program is designed for printing the scrapbook pages , cutting out the white `` insert picture here '' areas , and manually inserting the pictures on the page . While this is perfectly acceptable for `` paper '' scrapbookers , I found it to be bothersome . I was forced to print my pictures on photo paper , print the scrapbook page on scrapbook paper , cut , then paste . And the insert photo issue made it impossible to send the pages on CD to relatives .
 I was very disappointed with this product . Although it comes with a lot of beautiful graphics , trying to insert digital pictures into the collages is one big headache . Trying to size the pictures correctly is almost impossible . I would not recommend this product .
 This program did not come close to matching its performance promises . It is basically a glorified word processing program with a few templates . It is n't anything you could not do on your own . Do n't waste the $ 40.00 .
 I have to say I 'm disappointed with what this program can do . I read reviews that the 6.0 version had bugs but thought maybe this 9.0 version had them fixed . A huge problem is that the screen you use to create your resume is different that what actually prints . You have to check the print preview screen every time you make a change to see how it will print . Also you only have a set number of ways you can arrange information in each section . The program wo n't let you modify these preset arrangements . Next , during it 's internet job searches , it gets stuck and shuts down . There are other small problems that come up with formating . On the other hand , it 's `` autowriter '' which gives sample phrases for particular jobs is quite extensive . It also gives a variety of `` themes '' to display your resume , but do n't forget to save what you 've done before applying the theme ; it will erase all formatting you did and you 'll have to start all over . Over priced for the limitations it has . If it were only $ 20 then it would be worth it but not at $ 30 -LRB- $ 40 with $ 10 rebate -RRB- . Save your money and buy a cheaper program .
 Poor , just a version of Word with some examples to fill in . Gives you start lines and that 's all . Has examples of resumes that are very average at best . You get what you pay for , pretty poor .
 I was surprised at the list of unusual job titles to work from , but I could n't find anything for a plain old ` marketing manager . ' If you are proficient in any word processing program , you do n't need this , it is just extra work .
 This software is so cheesy . It 's horrible , most of it looks like a child made them . It hardly has anything to choose from . I feel like I was cheated with the item .
 was told oh well we dont have any more and we knew some where missing disc sorry i was one of the refunded through amazon a month into it OMG
 i finally got the astrology disc to work . neither of the other 2 do . The astrology info is good , but the software itself is really outdated .
 1 star is too much for this software , i bought the same version but deluxe and is hard to work , awfull interfase , looks like windows 95 interfase , do n't have good templates , the existing ones looks like a 10 years old child work , dont have a decent manual , and if you need some help the brochure inside the box has the followin note : `` TECHNICAL SUPPORT $ 24.95 FOR THE FIRST 10 MINUTES AND $ 2.95 FOR EACH ADDITIONAL MINUTE '' That 's a robbery to me
 I bought a copy of this product from Staples . The last line on the box states : `` Scan & Turn Paper Forms into Digital Forms '' This is the sole reason I bought the product . After you buy the product and break the seal , then you find out that the aformentioned statement is ONLY TRUE IF YOU UPGRADE to the Deluxe version .
 I second the opinion that it is hard to use and the support cost is crazy.The tutorial shows options that are not available and only available in the pro version and that is not available.The tech support web page , listed in the manual only leads to purchase options , and no FAQ 's . They do n't appear to care to support their product.The old DOS Formtool worked much better but wo n't work in XP and it was probably made by a different company any way .
 Do n't buy software from this buyer . They sell crappy manufacturer close outs that come from God knows where and they will give you no support . When you write them to get an exchange you will get the major run around . Do n't bother go to New Egg or Best Buy for software .
 have tried unsucessfully to load this program . keep getting error message -LRB- error 1904 -RRB- . tried to contact customer service , no help . wasted $ 30.00 . wo n't do that again !!!!!
 I would have to agree with the other two reviews that are currently up on this product . I purchased this software of it 's false and misleading statements of how easy it is and all the preloaded templates . Aside from what the other two have said ; I have yet to find any templates at all in this program . I ran into the same problem they did when it came to any form of tech support . All this company wants and cares about is your money . I will never buy anything ever again from this company and I strongly discourage anyone else from making the same mistake that I did . * -LRB- BUYER BEWARE -RRB- *
 Instruction DVD was as good as it went . However that was n't very far . Brief into to guitar parts followed by some simple songs that could be played with about a half dozen chords that it taught . I was able to go through the whole DVD in a couple of hours and I 'm just a beginner .
 12/13/12-I am very unhappy with not reciving this item for Christmas . I ordered it two weeks ago . It has n't even shipped yet , but if you click on the item to review it , it says `` in stock '' and to `` order now to recieve by Dec. 24th '' . This was to go with the guitar when I gave it to my son on Christmas . Now it looks as though I am not even going to have it on time . I want to cancel the order but was hoping it would pull through . I have n't ever had a problem with deliveries of anything I have purchased until now . the other items I purchased at the time I purchased this have all been delivered already . I am not happy at all . 12/12/12-I am purchasing this for my son who is 14 . Not sure if we are going to get it in time for Christmas , I ordered it two weeks ago and it still has n't shipped , kind of upsetting since I thought I was ordering it in plenty of time to recieve it . I also purchased a Snark tuner , is that needed ? I see a tuner comes with this kit . I have already received it and wondering if I should just send it back . One comment thread says this is confusing , how confusing ? I am getting the guitar for him for Christmas too so this is all pretty much new to him . He has played a little bit with my daughters boyfriend and learned a couple of the chords , but I do n't want him to get frustrated and give it up . He has been begging for this for a few months now . I just do n't want my money wasted .
 It is a rudimentary encyclopedia . All the rest that Amazon says is there IS N'T . No thesaurus etc. . I got had ordering it from the used section . Ca n't blame the seller -- Amazon wrote the description . Amazon did n't care and the seller offered a credit but that did n't work . So , thanks Amazon for the lousy support on this issue . You just lost a star .
 My nephew , now a Ph.D. candidate in math , LOVED the early version of Math Blaster I gave him when he was in Kindergarten . I thought that my twins who are first graders would also find it to be a fun way to practice the math they are learning . I was disappointed when I discovered that the software , which was advertised as being &#34; for Mac , &#34; was only compatible with a much older OS than OS 10.7 . So we are not able to use this .
 This product is inaccurate and out of date . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT AT LEAST UNTIL IT IS UPDATED . It does not distinguish between paved roads and dirt , crater filled , alleys which will ruin your car and expose you do dangerously low speeds in areas where security is poor . It shows intersections where there are none and misses real ones entirely . It recommends illegal left turns , often in places where it is a divided highway . If you need a GPS enabled map in Brazil , so far it 's safer to stick with Google . It may be slow , but it 's much more accurate and it 's free .
 I have a lot of experience with GPS and when I was looking for mapping software to go on my Bluetooth , Mapopolis seemed to offer a lot for the money . It actually has a decent display and can navigate around town OK , which is why it has gotten some good reviews online . But if you really try to use it for serious navigating , it falls well short of what you should expect for the price.The biggest problem Mapopolis has is selecting maps for navigating off of . You have to manually load maps , by name . If you knew the names of the places you were going so well , you probably would n't need a GPS ! This is especially bad for the European maps , which have long names that go off the right side of the display - but there is no scroll bar to see the rest of the names ! There is no interactive map for selecting maps , like on most serious GPS software . You can select individual maps off of the actual navigation display , along your route , but only if you already have a navigation solution ! Do you see the Catch 22 there?It also has a very clumsy interface for selecting your navigation destination . Normally you would type , say D-E-N if you were looking for Denver , and those names starting with DEN would pop up , the more letters you type , the more the options are narrowed down . But with Mapopolis , after you type the `` E '' , it jumps from the `` Ds '' to the `` Es '' . This can be very frustrating if you are dealing with a large map area . I have been half way to my destination some times before I finally got things working , and do n't expect to do it while you 're driving!There are other very clumsy aspects to the interface , but it would take a lot of space to describe them all . The program also does n't handle the maps well as you zoom out and bogs down the memory . Overall it 's a very amateurish program.I ended up writing off the money I spent on this as a waste , and went with a program called iGuidance which I much prefer . Incidentally , Mapopolis offers a money back guarantee within 30 days , but only if you have n't downloaded more than 4 maps -LRB- that 's about 4 counties -RRB- . So you wo n't see most of these problems if you limit yourself to 4 maps .
 It is too small . Not easy to use . I do n't use it . It was a waste of money .
 It made my Zire unstable and I had to do a complete reset after removing the offending software . Some of the addresses could not be found . Save your money and get Street Finder instead !
 I was so excited to find a good learning tool program like this . I quickly got disappointed because the program did n't work with my computed because it is outdated . It does not work with Windows 7 , XP , Vista or any new Window computer . : -LRB-
 If you use Windows XP , you should avoid this product . The installer reports that Windows 95 is required and aborts . If there 's a way to make this work on XP , the Magix web site offers no help at all , and neither do the UseNet archives I 've searched . The date on the CD is 1999 ; so most likely support is no longer available anyway.Software that wo n't let you install on an unsupported platform is scandalous , in my professional opinion . You pay for it , you should be able to use it - even if that means waiving support . Hopefully , newer products are limited only by the terms of their end-user licensing agreements.On the other hand , the bundled MIDI cable alone , if it works with other software , will have justified the low price I paid . :--RRB- An identical cable at the local music store would have cost me a lot more .
 I bought 2 CDROMs from this company , piano for my kid and guitar for myself . Neither does a very good job of teaching . This one is by far the worse of the two . My biggest problem is the lessons are very scattered . You are expected to go from point A to point D , skipping B and C . The playback on the songs is n't very flattering , as it is MIDI with no real guitar sounds . The instructor is straight out of the eighties with his big hair , so if anything I got a good laugh .
 I got this for my kids and am really disappointed . Frankly I hate it and feel ripped off . I can teach my kids more useable hands on guitar than this ever will and the kids immediately lost interst with it . Kids learn from songs they already know - and this thing has only three made up mediocre tunes to learn with . I saw a cd that had about 100 known songs on it for the kids to pick and learn - this wasnt the one ! Wish I had wrote down the program so I didnt make the mistake .
 Poor quality of sound , and image and teaching . It is not fun and I do n`t use it . I feel bad because I spend my money on this software , do n`t recommend it at least you do n`t know nothing about music .
 This software has software protection schemes requiring one to use a number inside the box to install the program onto the computer . If the box gets thrownaway , the program can not be installed and the CD becomes useless . Voyetra requires an additional charge to obtain a new number . In addition , the CD has to be inserted into the computer each time when running the program . Overall a cumbersome process in the name of copy protection .
 My husband , who is not a techie , purchased this item . He installed it himself and then learned he needed a keyboard -LRB- which he had -RRB- and a MIDI cord -LRB- which he did n't -RRB- . He wanted it to work NOW , so I purchased a MIDI cord from a local vendor , and reinstalled everything . Yes , I am something of a techie and an accomplished pianist . The minimal installation instructions talked about a joystick and a serial connection . Our MIDI connector cord is USB and does n't have a port for a joystick . Further , our new laptop does n't even have serial port and I ca n't determine the purpose of the joystick.The program and the keyboard seem to be conversing . On occasions the program recognizes when middle C -LRB- for example -RRB- is played . On other occasions it ca n't recognize the note . We have contacted Voyetra on three ocasions with the problem . Each time they have said words that can only be construed as `` since you did n't purchase the MIDI cord through us we have no interest in your problem . '' I 'd suggest you regard this software as an opportunity for Voyetra to sell you equipment . If you want to learn how to play the piano , take lessons or find another vendor .
 This program plays in such a small window on your computer screen that you can not read the notes or instructions well , I would not recommend this program to anyone
 Well , as far as the other reviews let me clear some things up . . The program only runs at one size . . if you want full screen you need to adjust your monitor in the control panel to 640 * 480 , then its full screen ... You do have to physically run the disc to access the program so MAKE COPIES !! it is completely legal to make a backup and write the numbers down for your own private use . . now onto the program . . the video is useless and is there for the `` Human factor '' . . I dont really need to see a video of a guy sitting in front of a piano telling me whats coming up , but maybe some of you will like it . Now , before I ordered this , i was taking some VERY beginner lessons . . heres my major gripe about the `` teach me piano '' lessons . . In my book -LRB- not this program -RRB- they were extremely diligent about training you to use your hand in certain positions , so you will know which finger belongs to which key . . for example , in the `` middle C position '' I know that no matter what , my pointer finger is for `` d '' my middle finger is for `` e '' etc , etc. . and thats how i learn the keys . . by having an absolute point of refernce . the `` teach me piano '' lessons seem to just have you put your fingers wherever is convenient for that particular song , which frustrates the hell outta me becuase once I pull my finger from the root key im lost ! thats the point of having a rooted position , so youll always have a point of refernce . . like i said , im a beginner and I feel this is a crucial point for those who dont have the `` blind feel '' of the keyboard . . I mean , in these lessons -LRB- Teach me piano -RRB- They have some songs start you with your `` first `` finger -LRB- thumb -RRB- on the `` d '' key next to middle C. . what position is that ? I mean , these are just random numberings , and the worst part is , theres no system for their numberings , they all seem to be conveniently built around what notes are needed for that particular song . . weird , especially since they DO tell you about the `` middle C '' position , bu then go on to totally abandon the rule . . and another thing . . theyll introduce something new , like a flat , and instead of giving you ample time to really work it in , theyll move onto a new subject `` upbeats '' for example , then flood you with flats , eight note ties and the like all at once . . WHOA , im going crazy here . . yeah this program is cool in that you can play along and here if you make a mistake you can hear it -LRB- which is GREAT !! I mean how can you tell if your making a mistake with a book in front of you -RRB- but all in all , its a bit frustrating . . and the program is a little outdated . . all in all its cool if you can afford it , worth having . . but like I said , im in chapter 4 and im beginning to get really frustrated at how they just suddenly expect you to be able to move all over the board with crazy fingerings , without ever giving you proper methods for moving about in those extremes . . oh and by the way , I have windows 2000 service pack , audiphile 2496 midi card and i didnt have a single problem installing or using this program . . it was EXTREMELY simple . . I think the people here who have all these major problems dont know what theyre doing . . and the regular teach me piano -LRB- not deluxe -RRB- is so old that it WILL NOT WORK on anything higher than windows 98 . . it does say that on their site .
 We thought this would be an affordable way to learn piano , but it is just too difficult to run . We spent more time fiddling with the software than we did playing . Sound quality is poor , too . Definitely not for kids , or for people who are n't techno experts .
 I find it `` entertaining '' to hear my CD-ROM whirling along as the program is running ! What an annoying way to run a program . If you buy this , make sure and buy it off of EBAY because it is not worth the 45 dollars I paid for it . The games are not interesting and they guy presenting the lessons is boring ! It is like watching paint dry . What a joke . I try to go back to it , once in a while , and learn something , but so far , nothing substantial . Contribute $ 45 to lessons .
 AFTER READING THIS REVIEW , PLEASE READ THE UPDATE LOCATED TOWARDS THE BOTTOM.After reading the reviews of Teach Me Piano Deluxe elsewhere , I must admit that I was geeked.However , after reading the reviews of the same software here at Amazon.com , I was somewhat apprehensive due to the bad reviews it received , especially for Windows 2000 users and especially the boxed retail version sold in stores.Therefore , I called Voyetra customer support , told them that I was running Win 2K and there were bad reports on the boxed software and Win 2k . He assured me that there was no difference between the download version and the retail version.I took him at his work and purchased the retail version . WRONG MOVE ! It would really be a nice package IF IT WORKED ! As another reviewer stated , the sound is terrible . The MIDI settings keep changing . Sound is intermittent and may leave you at any time.Using the headphones with this software is a nightmare . Sometimes the sound comes out through the speakers when it should come out through the headphones . Then it might come to its senses and do the right thing.This software is also a CPU hog . Most of the time , CPU usage is 100 % . It hangs constantly , especially during the video episodes and during the verbal instructions . Not only will this software not work properly , but after I kill it in Task Manager , it has the nerve to foul up any other apps that I may want run , even Internet Explorer!I have rebooted my system tonight 8 times in the course of 1.5 hours . This is totally unacceptable . I will be calling Voyetra on Monday for an upgrade or a refund.I write software for a living and I am extremely familiar with how to install and use vast numbers of software packages.However setting up and using software should be a no brainer for even the most novice of users . I feel sorry for a novice trying to wrestle control of their computer back from this software.UPDATE : I was FINALLY able to get this program to behave . I was able to , by hunting and pecking , to figure out that for my Sound Blaster Audigy 2 Platinum sound card that I had to set specific MIDI Synth before the MIDI Input would work and I had to do it in a specific order . It seems that Voyetra not only wants to sell you their software , but they only support the Turtle Beach sound card which they also want to sell you . With Sound Blaster soundcards being the most popular sound cards , not to mention the fact that many PCs motherboards now come with integrated sound cards , this is unrealistic . I know that every sound card may not be tested , but at least the most popular ones should and there should be a non-Turtle Beach compatibility list on their website . At the very least , the software should warn the consumer that they purchase this software at their own risk if they have a non-Turtle Beach sound card because Voyetra will not provide technical support BEFORE THEY PURCHASE THE SOFTWARE.Since I eventually got it to work after much PAIN , I upgraded my rating to 2 stars .
 If you buy this program , it may not run on the systems that it is purported too . They promote a new version of their product on their web site and then sell old versions through dealers that are incompatible . Then when you contact support about the problem they tell you that you should have bought it direct from them if you wanted a copy of the software that would run on the computers they claim it does .
 With all these bad reviews , I 'd like to make a suggestion ... Adventus Piano Suite Premier ... Lots of songs , rock solid stability -LRB- run the patch from the website if you have any problems -RRB- and easy transition from one lesson to the next ...
 I really wanted to make use of Teach Me Piano Deluxe -LRB- TMPD -RRB- , and tried working with it for six weeks . I 've been working with computers for twenty years so I figured I could handle any unexpected problems I encountered . Wrong ... The first problem I encountered was a noticeable lag between when I pressed a note and when the program recognized it . Voyetra 's technical support web site indicates that `` if your PC makes use of a Wavetable GS Synth , then this is a problem ... that makes it not very useful for this type of application . '' Well , guess what ? If you have a Pentium 4 , the motherboard comes with SoundMax audio built in -- which uses a Wavetable GS Synth ! So if you have a Pentium 4 motherboard , give up right now.But being stubborn , and after much trial and error , I found a way to bypass this by making the MIDI return directly to my Roland keyboard , and wearing the keyboard 's headphones . Very inconvenient , since the program 's audio/video comes out through your PC 's speakers , but a fix I could live with.Then , I noticed that the program 's `` Grading '' feature worked inconsistently ... the program could not seem to tell what keys I pressed . I thought OK , I can also live with that bug , because I 'll have a good idea whether or not I aced the lesson and could move on to the next one.Then I encountered TMPD 's infamous `` tied notes '' problem . And trust me , there is no solution.When I came to the first lesson that used `` tied notes '' -LRB- notes held down between measures -RRB- , TMPD skipped ahead as I played , losing my place during the lesson . Voyetra 's support web site listed three things to try to fix the `` Tied Notes Issue , '' so this had clearly been a problem for many people . I tried all three of their suggestions without success . Then , I went out and bought a $ 50 USB-MIDI cable , thinking that might help . No difference . I borrowed a friend 's MIDI keyboard and tried it instead of my Roland . No difference . I e-mailed Voyetra 's customer service -LRB- no phone calls , just e-mail and fax -RRB- and they sent me back a form response to an unrelated problem . I e-mailed them a second time and was ignored . But interestingly enough , the next day I saw that they had removed the `` Tied Notes Issue '' page from their support web site . It seems that Voyetra 's approach to a technical problem is to remove all references to it , ignore all related questions , and hope that it quietly disappears.For those still unconvinced , I end with a disclaimer that I copied and pasted directly from Voyetra 's TMPD `` Troubleshooting '' web page : `` All our Software products are sold on an * AS IS * basis . Voyetra-Turtle Beach does NOT warrant that the functions of the Software will be uninterrupted or error free . `` Translation
 This CD-ROM is cheaper than paying for a private teacher but has some problems.Pros : Cheaper that paying for a private teacher , which can be costly.Take lessons whenever you want.A lot included -LRB- although a good amount of it is filler -RRB- . Cons : The lesson progression was too fast for my kids to keep-up . I was able to keep-up but took piano years ago.Slightly dated program.The material taught -LRB- songs -RRB- are very bland . I wish they would included more modern tunes.The games included are worthless.Conclusion
 I was looking for a good beginner program and thought i found it until i checked Window 's compatibility . Since it 's not compatible with XP it leaves a lot of people out in the cold . Also it makes me wonder why a software developer is so late in putting out an XP compatible version . They have a lot of other music related software that sounds great but they should get on the ball since it makes me go hmmmmmmmmmm .
 I initially thought the product would be great . I got it and practiced right out of the box dilligently ; it became addicting . I could do five finger exercises with ease ... after days my hand eye coordination improved and I could sight read with no effort -LRB- though only with my right hand and five fingers ! -RRB- . The second chapter starts and presents you with four new notes , videos that are somewhat irrelevant to the lessons you 'll be learning in the proceeding chapter , and it takes you into exercises that do n't really seem tangible for you to do at the time . I 'm going to keep at it , but I was psyched for the program and have been pretty disappointed.the videos thus far have been mostly useless - the program 's real asset is simply the capability to let you play along with songs while it corrects your mistakes . Unfortunately , the program emits blood curdling applause , mooing , and horn noises depending on how well you play that are impossible to turn off . It seems kind of cheap , concept and design wise.I 'm going to keep at it and post another review in the future , but this is not , obviously , a program for the easily discouraged , and/or you might need someone who knows piano to kind of help you along the way sometimes when you and the computer ca n't communicate with each other .
 Firstly , this software is NOT truly XP compatible . Yes , it does run on XP , but it is not native . My first install gave me a `` 16-bit subsystem '' error . I have n't seen something like that in 6 years.The range of features in the software is great . Unfortunately , most of them are implemented poorly and look like a throwback to Windows 95 . There is also some sluggish inconsistency that other software does n't seem to have.Get your act together , Voyetra !
 I bought this for my autistic drt . My husband is very tech savy and he can not get it to work . We have the correct software on our competer . I agree with the above seller . Do n't waste your time and money . Very disappointed !
 I bought this because it was an upgrade to one we had years ago , but this one does not work with my windows system even though it says it will . Have not been able to use it . Any help woulod be great.Thanks
 AudioStation 5.0 by Voyetra Turtle Beach is a waste of money because it offers little more than what the free Microsoft media player has . To me it just seems like a cheep copy of MS media player.Also , I had problems with it crashing under Windows ME . However , it is more stable under Windows XP.One more thing to add is that the tech support took something like 8 business days to respond to very simple questions .
 UPDATE
 This is one bad product . Backed up by bad support.It comes in the box with the Turtlebeach AudioTron -LRB- which is a GREAT product -RRB- and I 've tried using it in each of four different incarnations . The latest version adds a bunch of flashy things , but the basic problem remains the same.The reason I give only 1 start is that the product crashes while playing songs and makes a LOUD screaching noise repetitively until you manage to kill the program . It does this on every machine I have tried it on -LRB- about 10 different types of hardware -RRB- . Other programs , and the AudioTron , play the songs fine.It has done this in each and every PAID upgrade I have tried . Customer support has either told me it is my hardware or they ignore me completely.If they would fix it and give updates to their current customers I would re-consider my rating . I like the User Interface -LRB- much better than MediaPlayer and/or iTunes -RRB- , but if it does n't work it DOES N'T WORK .
 Got the CD in time to try but there was no serial or activation number to install the software . It was a useless product . Now I am still ca n't use the product .
 unfortunately this product did n't provide a useable interface or the necessary introductory information to even get started learning the language .
 It surprises me to see a * used * copy of AutoCAD for sale on Amazon , considering that AutoCAD is not software that you can usually transfer `` ownership '' of . The license for use -LRB- not `` ownership '' -RRB- is granted to the original user only ; it is transferrable to another party only if Autodesk permits it , and they rarely permit it . If this copy had ever been registered it probably ca n't be used legally by anyone else . A prospective purchaser better check that out , or they 're spending a ton of money for what would essentially be pirated software . If it 's a copy that 's never been registered , no problem , but find out before you buy .
 This product works fine for the first year . Just do n't bother trying to renew the services.Renewing is an impossible task that does not work . The customer service exists in name only .
 I bought this software hoping to learn Dutch -- unfortunately , you seem to need to already know a great deal of Dutch to use it . You are dropped into the course , no vocabulary , no grammar , nothing . First , I emailed Auralog 's tech support to ask if I was missing something -- after three days , I had to resend my email as I had no response . The very next day , I received a rude response that three days is n't so bad -LRB- so I guess I should be grateful that they responded at all ? -RRB- , and they did n't answer the question . Fed up , I called the US number and spoke with someone . It turns out that this is an `` immersion program . '' When I said this is never mentioned anywhere in their product information , the tech support person told me that she only handles installation problems . She said that I should just use the built in translation to find out what the words mean ! Not easy , because there is no translation on several exercises , and the glossary is ONLY Dutch - > English -LRB- there is no English - > Dutch glossary ! -RRB- I asked if I that means that I am on my own , and I got silence on the other end . I guess so.The only decent thing about the software is the speech recognition -- if that is worth $ 150 to you . Other issues
 Do n't you hate yourself when you buy something when you know you should n't ? I was persuaded by someone to buy Final Cut Express and an iMac computer . I had already purshased and learned to use Sony Screenblaster video software on my PC , without much trouble , but I was persuaded I had to go Apple and Final Cut if I was going to be serious about making videos . The Final Cut Express that came with my iMac last June -LRB- 2004 -RRB- had a bug that I did not learn about until after months of working on a project . The bug causes the sound to get more and more unsynchronized the longer you work on it . Apple knew about this bug as early as last Feb. when they released a patch . I found out about the bug on my own , the hard way . The patch will not correct work already done.Learning to use FCE2 was extremely frustrating . Using it was not much fun . The results have been very disappointing . The iMac has not been much better . Crashes and glitches are no less than on PCs . Oh , yes , I could upgrade to Final Cut , and graduate from FCE2 , for about $ 500 . Only schoolteachers , their innocent students , and geeks could possibly think being trapped within Apple 's proprietary world is cool .
 BEWARE -- Read the product description carefully . It DOES NOT run on Windows 2000 !
 This product was not available from Amazon so I went right to the source . I ordered online with no apparent problems and a charge appeared on my credit card statement . Weeks later I still had not received anything . I emailed and called several times and never received a response . We finally had to have the cc company reverse the charge . I do n't know if this company no longer exists or what , but the fact that they still took -LRB- or tried to take -RRB- our money was very shady .
 Basically the only `` new '' part of this compilation was the Airport which is also available alone . My son just turned 4 and these CD 's bored him to tears . The Farm CD is so old I assumed this `` new '' farm game was upgraded ... nope ... Also , while these say they run in Windows XP ... you are going to get a crappy display unless you run the Farm in compatiable to Win 98 mode with 256 resolution . VERY dissapponted in these disks ...
 Of the titles , only the airport title works well . The farm title can not size up higher than 640 and functions poorly . Mouse overs and clicks have high latency . The School title is just weak . It also suffers from screen fragments under XP .
 Only the 1st disc works if you have Windows XP , even though the box states it works with XP.My 3 year old daughter was very disappointed after seeing the box .
 From all the reviews and the product descriptions posted , I was disappointed with the product . I bought this to motivate my 7yr old and to suppliment his formal lessons . The multimedia/video button crashes the program every time - the web site lists getting the latest edition of quicktime - not effective . UnlikeMusic Ace Deluxethe keyboard input is delayed by 1/2 a second - support recommends buying a new sound card with low latency.Don ' t recommend this for youngsters , adults can get still get use out of this program by ignoring the lagging keyboard input and not touching the multimedia/video button . I have the guitar version and was very happy with it ; the same ca n't be said for this Emedia product .
 The program crashed everytime I tried to play the videos . I upgraded QuickTime per their web site 's suggestion and that did n't help either . The program is made for low resolution monitors and while you can switch to full screen mode , it just changes your Windows resolution to a very low setting so it fills up the screen.I did n't even get to the second screen in the introduction . Maybe you 'll have more luck on a Mac , but I would n't suggest this program for anyone running on a new Windows based PC .
 I ordered this software , but when it arrived , the box contained the CD for eMedia 's Guitar Method . I went through the replacement process , but the second box also contained the same wrong CD . Finally just went to Guitar Center and bought it -- software works well on the Mac .
 This is so shameful that it makes me think there should a federal agency whose mission it is to keep things like this off the market.First off , it is a `` Director '' movie , which means / really / old software technology , which means adding a high degree of boring and uninteresting user interface.The features in this software are awful . There are none , essentially.I was really hoping to find something along the lines of Mavis Beacon Typing , with games and such to help me work on chord progression and key scales . There 's nothing like this.And the woman who is featured in the video clips is truly frightening.Its like this product was explicitly designed to invoke all the ugly memories we have of being forced to take all those boring piano lessons with that grouchy old person when we were kids.If you want to start making music , do n't buy this . Buy the `` Complete Idiot 's Guide to Music Theory '' . MUCH better .
 Is n't this a Mac product ? I thought Mac products were supposed to be -LRB- A -RRB- stable , and -LRB- B -RRB- easy to use . This product is stable , -LRB- once I upped my RAM to 2GB -RRB- but at 512MB it brought the system to a crawl.But as far as ease of use -- I 'm not a dumb guy -LRB- although my kids may argue the point -RRB- but this product is really a victum of itself . It is too hard for the `` Express '' audience and is really intended -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- ONLY for profression Final Cut Pro users . In other words , if you use Final Cut Pro at work , and want something on your home-Mac , the Express version is a great value . You already know it and people have paid you to get used to it.But if you 're a iMovie user , Pinnacle Systems Studio user , Adobe Premiere Elements 2.0 user , this product seems like I 'm trying to fly the Space Shuttle.How do you output WMV with this product ? You can do it in any of the PC-based products , oh , and they also output Quicktime so why does Apple have a hangup about WMV?I recently asked in an Apple forum `` How do you do Picture in picutre ? '' I got a great response from an experienced user . `` It only took a couple of minutes , just do these 6 steps ... '' Great , in Premiere Elements or Pinnacle , I click on the PIP icon and its done . I did n't have to do 6 obscure steps.The product is also one of those old fashion `` Million Windows all over the place '' applications . You try to minimize the thing by pressing one of the tiny little minimize buttons -LRB- like all Mac apps have -RRB- and it closes only that window of the app , like the preview window , not the timeline , not the browser.Bottom line ... if you already use , know and love Final Cut Pro , this is a low-cost way to get a similar product on your own PC -LRB- although the Academic version of the Pro version is pretty affordable too -RRB- . I do n't see the point of this product unless its just to provide a low-cost entry into Final Cut Pro for people who use Pro for a living .
 I was pleased with the price of this product , how easy it was to install and the relative ease of learning the interface . Unfortunately , it wo n't work with the latest version of Quicken , though there was nothing on Amazon to indicate that it was n't - in fact the product page says that it IS compatible with Quicken , I took for granted that it would work with the version of Quicken I 'm running ...
 Zero stars for this company 's products ! I was sold a product direct from them that was incompatible . I have spent hours in arguments over refunds , etc. . Sales reps and Cust Sevr untrained . They DO NOT STAND BEHIND THEIR COMPANY/PRODUCT ! BEWARE .
 I just got this program today , and have only had a few hours to figure it out , but I just do n't get it . I consider myself pretty computer savy , and was hoping for something sort of similar to imovie . First off , this thing did n't come with an instruction book . -LRB- was it supposed to ? -RRB- Second , the help part was n't helpful at all . I was able to create a title , but was n't able to see what it looks like with the video . When I finally saved a video , all that played when I clicked on it was the sound . I will continue to look on-line for some info on how to work this thing , but so far I am extremely unhappy . The only good thing about it was that it was easy to install , and as far as I can tell , my computer is n't full of crazy worms and viruses caused by the program .
 Sadly I can not give this program a thumbs up . It does not perform any of the functions one might expect of it . Fortunately it was inexpensive as a program so I can use it as a table protector for my coffee cup !
 I installed this software for my stepfather and had a good chance to check it out . If I were rating the content of National Geographic , I would give it 5 stars but this electronic rendition hardly does the material justice . It 's true that all the articles and pictures are on the numerous Cds -LRB- why not a DVD version ? -RRB- , but be warned that the homegrown browser is clunky , and only permits one level of zoom . That 's a real shame because you 're looking at an image of the article that 's not very easy to read unless you have an awesome monitor and you fiddle with the display settings . Those with less than eagle eyes will struggle mightily to read these article with same ease and comfort as an e-book or Acrobat pdf file . Since the articles are images and not actual ASCII text you ca n't select or copy bits of text . Printing was a disappointment since I had to print the images along with the text and I did n't get just the single page I wanted . The printed version was no easier to read either.I liked the simple and advanced search facility , though I question how thorough a search can be when only the abstracts exist as electronic text . The objective and insightful articles are timeless and deserve to be truly electronic so they can be read and searched outside of this proprietary and cumbersome interface .
 Two years ago I received the complete NG set along w / the maps as Christmas gifts . It soon became readily apparent that the images were very difficult to read . No matter what I did would change it . They have this slider bar thing that makes the text darker and lighter , but this is just a feeble attempt to get around their problem . I returned the product to Best Buy , and have hoped ever since that the company that makes this product -LRB- Topics Entertainment -RRB- would eventually re-due it so that the images would be readable . When I saw this `` new edition '' come out -LRB- NG 112 years -RRB- I promptly bought it for myself as a Christmas gift . Being a bit leary , and knowing that Best Buy does n't let you return opened software , I emailed the company -LRB- Topics -RRB- to ask if the problem had been cleared up . I waited at least a week and did not receive a response . Tonight , being Christmas Eve , I could n't wait any longer , and promptly opened the box and tried it out . To my dismay , nothing has changed . It is the same old piece of junk as before , with a few more of the difficult-to-read issues thrown in . In my opinion , this product is terrible . I honestly ca n't read more than a couple pages without starting to get a headache . It is an embarrasment that a company as well-known and respected as NG could have allowed a 3rd party software company make such an inferior product ! Oh , well , I guess I will have to wait until the next edition comes out and try that . By the way , I 'm still going to try to return this product as I feel it is clearly defective . Hope this helps anyone else that may have similar concerns .
 In a few words : Impossible to read on screen.Impossible to read on paper.Impossible to zoom in properly.Don ' t by it !
 This CD-ROM collection is not what I expected it to be . I ca n't believe National Geographic is even releasing this ... And considering today 's level of ` digitizing ' methods , this collection is very poor . The text is hardly ` readable ' , and viewing is unacceptable . I wrote to the software manufacturer -LRB- I believe its a third party -RRB- and not one reply . So I 'm completely disappointed . Do n't waste your money on this one . The map collection is a ` relief ' though in comparison .
 The scans were made at horrible resolution and quality such that it 's nearly impossible to read as the other reviews say . Some of the more recent issues are scanned at higher quality , but it 's easier to obtain hard copies of those issues.The viewer software could also be a lot better . It does n't let you zoom in past 100 % .32 cd 's is an awful lot to keep switching , especially if you 're looking for a specific topic and the results are spread between several CD 's . A DVD version with 4 or 5 CD 's would be much more appropriate.On the positive side , having all the issues available in an electronic format is a great idea and that 's why I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 . The poor software design and scans make it impossible to appreciate .
 Although national greographics is such a wonderful magazine , this release is not worth your money.The scan resolutions are so poor , the text barely readable and 31 CDs is too much . Even the user interface is not friendly and does not allow multiple pages to be opened simultaneously . I say this is one of the worst products available and its a complete waste of money .
 The 32 CD 's while complete are of dubious quality . The ` front end ' is terrible.I recently -LRB- may2002 -RRB- received a letter informing me that there is a new end user agreemnet and would I sign it ... I dont plan to as the user agreement I have says I can `` do as I wish ' with the product.So get a used one and make lots of back ups .
 Stay away from this software title if you own a Mac and are running OSX.It uses Classic and often crashes.Playback is choppy and my 3 + year old is not very interested in it and has trouble following along whereas in other software she has no problem.Look around , there are better learning solutions for young children .
 This product wo n't even install on Windows XP.It 's developers have , perhaps , included some proprietary tweak to prevent unauthorized use of the product.The technical support areas -LRB- several are referred to in the documentation and on the web -RRB- make no mention of the problem , let alone it 's solution .
 I got the deluxe version and got stuck for $ 50 , same problem as reviewer above . The thing wo n't install and there is no support or fix form National Geographic , or Broderbund , who is listed on the box as the distributor . I would have expected better form such a big name company -LRB- s -RRB- !
 I do not think that the product lives up to expectations . There is not much room for personalizing and it lacks creativity in the way the product teaches . I think with a bit more ` elbow grease ' and thinking , this product could have been amazing.More cons : It does not allow you to enter your own words nor does it allow you to modify any of the word groups given.Some word groups are disjointed and have no set pattern . Bought this product today and am thinking of returning .
 This is ancient software . I thought that they had updated it . Apparently not . This is for OS-9 Macs and was not so-marked . If you have a modern Mac , do not buy until they specify that this is OS-X capable .
 When activating this software be `` Cautious '' read statement at bottom of invoice they will charge $ 39.99 every year on your credit card when I asked them to not re-bill me they terminated the software and cancelled it !!!!!
 I can not install the software . It showed -LRB- ca n't find slee.dll -RRB- . Please respond immediately.I am still waiting for the answer.I left two email to software and amazon.Nobody responds.Please let me know what is going on.Thanks , Boone Tarb
 Although this box says `` Cyberlink '' on it , this product is NOT from Cyberlink Corp , the makers of PowerDVD . This is an `` OEM '' version of PowerDVD , sold by `` Avanquest '' , not the real PowerDVD from Cyberlink.Look at Cyberlink.com and you 'll see that they have no such product as PowerDVD Platinum , they have PowerDVD OEM , Standard , and Deluxe . Avanquest 's `` Platinum '' version is considered by Cyberlink to be the lowest OEM version , and it will cost you another $ 30 to upgrade to Deluxe.For the $ 75 it will cost you to buy this deceptively packaged Avanquest product and upgrade to the real Cyberlink version , you could buy a DVD-ROM drive with bundled PowerDVD and upgrade -LRB- even if you get bundled PowerDVD 5 it still only costs $ 30 to upgrade to 6.0 Deluxe -RRB- . You 'd effectively get a free DVD-ROM drive in the bargain .
 I wish I had read the previous post . But I did n't and it is true ... you just paid $ 50 for an OEM version . I 'll admit that I got suckered.Beyond that , it does work great . Picture quality is superb , but it will block up on dark areas -LRB- to conserve CPU , I assume -RRB- , which is fairly noticable on LCD 's . It also bugs you about upgrading , however , and it 's missing quite a few features -LRB- the MLP , or DVD-Audio , for example -RRB- that because of the box were thought to be included , but no , it 's a plug-in that you have to buy.Do , please , stay far , far , away from this version of PowerDVD .
 If you have an older computer -LRB- 3 + years operating system -RRB- ; then this software is for you ... . I happened to have access to an older computer , and the software worked fine , but it was very boring and the kids were not impressed .
 I love the DK products , and was looking for MAC compatible software for my youngest -LRB- age 5 -RRB- for Christmas . I could n't see any information about the system requirements online , and was disappointed to find it would not work on my MAC . It only works on Mac OS 8.0 which has n't been around for years ! It is not even compatible with Classic -LRB- mac OS 9 -RRB- . My only option to get it to run is to pick up an old emac from the first run . My son was very disappointed .
 I have used Marine Aquarium in pc 's foryears , it is the best aquarium screensaverI have seen or used.I ordered it for my I-MAC 24 , since I knew itand has a wide screen feature.But it does not work with OS X 10.5.4 leopardInstall is fine , but when you use it , a window appears `` version does not work , ask vendor for newer version `` I returned it.PS Installed 2.6 for mac os 10 , last night , works great , , , , Mac owners , thisis the version , you need !!
 Over $ 20 for a screen saver ? No . Go to Wal-Mart and pick this up for $ 5 .
 I could n't get it to work on my iMac or my MacBook Pro laptop . It just does n't work on 10.5 or higher . I had to install it on my other laptop which has Windows -LRB- XP -RRB- and it worked fine . The software itself looks nice though and I just wish that I could enjoy it on my iMac . I did n't return it since it was only 5 bucks and not worth it .
 While this is currently the best looking screen saver -- Marine Aquarium is not compatible with OSX Snow Leopard . When going to them for support they basically said , `` tough luck '' and that they had `` no plans '' to do anything about this any time soon and `` no refunds '' . If this is how they want to treat their customers I recommend looking for something else .
 This ss is kinda nice , but there is not enough variety . There should have been a lot more exotic fishes , and crustations like spider crabs , snails , starfishes , etc.There are over a thousand different animals in the ocean , but the programmers decided that it would be easiest to place only a handfull.There should also be an option that lets you `` buy '' toys to place in the aquarium . Like sunken boats and treasure chests.I hope someone makes a third version of this ss with my above recommendations .
 Recommend avoiding this version . There are still many `` new '' boxes of OLD software -LRB- like produce -RRB- for sale out there . Version 2.5 should be pulled from vendors inventory and returned to the manufacturer . Lousy experience ... I read the product description which said that this software was compatible with OSX 10.1.5 or higher ... and thought it was going to be O.K. for my new Mac mini . The software company wants another $ 9.95 to `` upgrade '' this new purchase . Shame on them . Disappointed .
 I PURCHASED MARINE AQUARIUM 2.5 AND TRIED REPEATEDLY AND UNSUCCESSFULLY TO DOWNLOAD IT . I SENT 2 EMAILS TO THE SELLER AND HE REPLIED THAT HE WAS NOT THE MANUFACTURER AND HAD NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE QUALITY OF THE PRODUCT.INCIDENTALLY I TRIED TO MAKE USE OF ASSISTANCE AT THE WEBSITE OF NEW MEDIA MERCHANT AND WAS UNABLE TO GET ASSISTANCE , EVEN THOUGH THEY INDICATED THAT ASSISTANCE WAS AVAILABLE.THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I HAVE HAD A PROBLEM WITH AN AMAZON PURCHASE AND I HAVE MADE QUITE A FEW . IF THIS PROBLEM IS NOT RESOLVED I DOUBT THAT I WILL USE AMAZON AGAIN.JACK ROVICS , PhD
 If you are looking for a realistic fishtank you should consider Dream Aquarium . The movement in Marine is hokey and not realistic at all . Reading the forums from the programmer I am left feeling that the programmer doesnt have any good customer relations as he seems to indirectly tell his customers that are unhappy `` BYE '' and seems to complain alot about eating peanut butter . Personally I want my money back and will spend any future monies on Dream Aquarium . I recommend to anyone looking for a realistic fish screensaver to try out Dream Aquarium and avoid Marine Aquarium like the plague .
 I just bought this SS after seeing it live in action at the store . It looked great . Well at least at the store . I have a 3 GH CPU , 1024 of DDR RAM , and a 64 MB video card in my laptop . -LRB- The laptop is 1 month old -RRB- When it does run , it is SLOW and choppy . The bubbles suck , and the fish swim as if they are about to go belly up and end up at the top of the tank . Thankfully the store I bought it at is offering me a full return .
 Not a total waste of money , but not a lot of value either . Some decent basic vocabulary , and the say it/play it helped me improve my pronunciation . But no help at all in figuring out how to actually speak sentences in French . The sentence/phrase examples are strictly memorization . . not useful . And I could never understand enough to use the 2nd CD at all . I did n't find the Dictionary or French Tour CDs useful either . The Michel Thomas CD course has been much more productive .
 This must be one of the worst purchases I have ever made . First , it came with no installation instructions , and the program froze all the time . Even when it was working , there was nothing to learn , other than colors and French translations for objects . How anyone could learn a language from this is beyond me , I definitely could not . If you can , more power to you .
 I would give this program three stars if the intent was JUST to have a reference . If you had a handle on French and just needed something to go to to reinforce your language skills . As for beginners , this program is a waste of money .
 This has got to be the most worthless CD-ROM ever made . It 's incoherent , disorganized , and the discs have no continuity whatsoever . Do n't waste your money on it . It wo n't teach you much .
 The worst thing I 've ever bought in my life . How much French could you learn from it ? I 've just learnt French for about 8 weeks in a course in uni , about 1/4 of a beginner French textbook and I found that the the 2 CDs `` Talk Now '' and `` World Talk '' have almost nothing new to learn from . And what about the `` talking dictionary '' ? The only thing it can talk is ENGLISH , not French ? Why do I need a dictionary which talks English when I 'm learning French . And there is no mention about it on the cover . Can I call it cheating ??? The `` Voyage in France '' is interesting but it is in English and I ca n't learn any French from it . If you 're planning to travel to France , it is helpful but not if you want to learn French . Conclusion
 This must be one of the worst purchases I have ever made . First , it came with no installation instructions , and the program froze all the time . Even when it was working , there was nothing to learn , other than colors and French translations for objects . How anyone could learn a language from this is beyond me , I definitely could not . If you can , more power to you .
 I bought this about 3 months ago and am now writing a review . I feel that when you purchase language learning software , it should be concise , easy , and basically in order . Is anyone feeling me on this ? I got bored through 2 lessons and unfortunately could n't return the item because , yes ladies and gentlemen I had already opened it . Boo Hoo ! So please , any first time buyers ; do n't make the same mistake I did . Read the reviews and use common sense .
 I have an employee who only speaks Spanish and I bought this hoping to pick up enough words to communicate on the most basic level . What sold -LRB- suckerd ? -RRB- me into buying the set was the Webster 's Talking Dictionary . My misunderstanding was that I could type in an English word , get the Spanish equivalent and an audio rendition of its correct pronunciation . Not so . All I got it to do was pronounce the English word , which I was n't interested in hearing , with a group of letters arranged into Spanish words that I had no idea how to pronounce intelligibly . Two of the other three CDs in the set , the Spanish World Talk and the Who Is Oscar Lake CDs could not find my already installed Quick Time and since I did n't want to also install their version , they would not run on my -LRB- brand new -RRB- computer . The first CD , Talk Now ! Spanish , was kinda interesting - it shows pictures of objects and lists phrases that are `` spoken '' set up in a game format . But there were n't very many of any of them . The program is cheap but I 'm still going to try to return it to the store for a refund.What I 'd really like -LRB- perhaps for my Palm -RRB- is software that I could speak into , have it converted to text , translated to Spanish and then output to audio - both ways . English to Spanish and Spanish to English . Seems fairly servicable communication could take place that way . Such is probably already available somewhere .
 Do n't buy this product expecting to fully learn the Spanish language . It will teach you a few words and phrases but that 's it . It contains nothing about grammar or how to pronounce the letters and one can not fully understand a language without first learning that . I feel that this CD-ROM was a complete waste of money and I would not recommend it to anyone who wants to truly learn the Spanish language .
 Instant Immersion Spanish is the most worthless CD-ROM that I 've ever had the misfortune to spend money on . The first CD teaches only a few words of Spanish . There 's nothing about grammar , conjugating verbs or anything like that . Then the second CD goes right into the language and has people speaking words that the first CD did n't bother to teach and there are no English translations to let you know what the people are saying . I guess this CD-ROM would be okay if you already know the Spanish language fairly well and just want to get in some practice . But do n't buy this product expecting to learn to speak Spanish . It wo n't teach you very much .
 I have this software as well as several other language learning titles from the same company . They were everywhere , bookstores , Costco , Amazon , you name it . Somewhere in my mind I associated that great distribution with quality and bought the whole lot together when I found them on sale.Firstly , the software is poorly written and causes a lot of problems with new computers and newer versions of Windows . The audio and visual programs are strangely poor considering there are so many inexpensive options out there.The content is also very thin but that fact is well hidden by confusing interfaces . Navigating this software is not easy . Once you do get it down , however , there 's no reward - minimal vocabulary , incomprehensible dialogues without adequate translation/explanation , no overview of cultural idioms -LRB- which explains why the dictionairy is useless -RRB- . The problmes go on.I feel pretty stupid for having purchased it .
 I would n't reccomend this CD-ROM to anyone . It teaches a few words and has some cool games , but it wo n't teach anyone to understand the Spanish language . The first CD is pretty good . It teaches a few words and is easy to understand . But the second CD goes right into the language and is difficult to understand . The third CD is a five language dictionary and the fourth one is an interactive game . The CD-ROM contains nothing about Spanish grammar or constructing setences . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 I bought this software expecting alot more than it delivered , on the box it says that it has more features than other more expensive Spanish software . Do n't be fooled , this is basically rote learning . I learned a lot of words in Spanish but not how to speak the language or learn grammar etc. . The price is low , but it was a waste of money . You are better off spending more on Learn To Speak Spanish like I did and actually learn the language .
 I was extremely disappointed with this product . The first disc teaches only a few nouns . It contains almost no verbs , adverbs , pronouns , adjectives , etc. . The second disc is nothing but dialouge that is all in Spanish with no English translations . The people talk way too fast for a beginner , and there 's no way to slow the speed of the dialouge . I complained to the company about this and they basically told me that I was wrong for not liking their product . Also , the five language dictionary is n't very good either . I typed in an English word and it gave about fifty different Spanish words for that one word . So I absolutely do not recommend purchasing this CD-ROM .
 You can not listen to these CD roms with your headset on your PC . Your can listen to this program on your PC speakers . I emailed the company and they could not help me . They told me they always use this program with their PC speakers . You mean within this company no one has ever tried to listen this program with headphones on their PC.I purchased this set to use at work on my computer.This program still can be ran on windows 3.11 . Windows 3.11 was kicked out the door by windows 95 . This company needs to update their software .
 How horrible !!! All I can do is go to Italy for a week and say words like yellow corn and ask where the bank is `` Dove ' la banca ? '' If I was asked a question or wanted to converse about flowers I could n't because well the disks do n't even teach you how to say flower . No sentence building , no basics even to learn when to use il , lo or la . Do n't even ask about the other disks because it just gets worse . Only two teach the very simple words and they speak so fast you do n't learn correct pronounciation . Save your money and go buy an Italian text book and do the homework . I realy wished I would have researched before buying this product .
 This is the worst product I have wasted money on yet . Most of the program had errors . You had better know a little about computers WHEN you want to remove it . The format is sub-par . The extra disks are fairly worthless . DO NOT WASTE your money . GO with the Pimsleur or living language courses . This one is not only a joke , but it will put you off from learning Litaliano . I dont write reviews , but this product angered me so much I had too . Too bad there is not a 0 star .
 Ok I 'll make it short and clear
 It is advertised that the method of learning a language through this program is the way you learned as a child . I do n't like I learned English from watching game shows . The first is fine but the second is , uhh , I do n't know what to call it . It did n't teach a thing . I had to do some studying on the side to use it . I still did n't learn a thing . The second disk repeats the first disk 's information in a more complicated fashion ! I recommend purchasing one the old Berlitz books for learning Italian or any other language for that matter .
 Most unfriendly user product I have ever encountered . The help menus are terrible and the 4 cd 's included must have been selected at random . There is no continuity . Do n't waste your time .
 This software is OK -- it 's affordable , to be sure . But it 's notthat great from a teaching perspective -- it 's just a flashcard system.A much better foreign-language software program is Smart Start German -LRB- which Amazon.com also sells -RRB- . I think that 's a better way to learn German , actually -- although this software is fine if all you want to do is learn vocabulary .
 You will be hard-pressed , as a beginner , to learn much from this program . The first CD , `` Talk now , '' is pretty fun , albeit extremely basic . In it you learn things like numbers , colors , body parts , a few simple phrases , etc. . Once I felt I had mastered it , I was looking forward to learning more on the second disk , `` World Talk . `` The second disk really leaves you hanging as it 's completely in German , with no translation whatsoever . This program is supposedly based on the `` Immersion Method '' , whereby the user is '' ... surrounded by native speakers and a new culture . '' But I do n't know how one could learn much of anything with someone talking at them , having little idea as to the context of the conversation.For example , one of the lessons shows a series of vague pictures -LRB- i.e. a desert scene , rain clouds , a beach , etc. -RRB- , and then proceeds to rattle off complicated conversations entirely in German , with nothing more to go by . You 're then required to select the scene they were referring to . I found myself completely guessing throughout the majority of the exercises , learning very little , and getting frustrated at times.The Webster 's 5 Language `` Talking '' Dictionary is next to useless . It does n't translate phrases -LRB- single words only -RRB- and wo n't pronounce anything but English words . If I wanted to hear words spoken in English , I would have bought a different course.It comes with the game `` Who is Oscar Lake ? , '' a `` Myst '' type mystery game , which looks interesting , but with little foundation from the previous CDs , it is just as bewildering , and definitely seems better suited to a more advanced student.Overall , I found this to be a very misleading product . It claimed to start at a basic level and steadily progress . Instead , I found it to be a mismatched hodgepodge of half baked programs , and not of much use to a beginner .
 Do n't waste your money on this CD-ROM . It wo n't teach you much about the German language . The first disc is okay . It teaches a few words and phrases . But then the second disc has people talking completely in German , using words that the first CD did n't bother to teach , and there is n't a single clue as to what they are saying . Do n't throw your money away on this product . It 's worthless . I learned more German from watching `` Hogan 's Heroes '' than I did from this thing .
 I found this software to be very disappointing . The material is organized by subject , and it is impossible to graduate from one subject to move on to the next . There are no guidelines for learning the material in a reasonable manner . The material that is included is shown with a flashcard system where the picture is shown and the word is pronounced , but there is little encouragement to have an individual think and use the langauge to answer comprehensive questions . The games that are played consist of picking the spoken word from a list of answers . While this may help someone listen to the language , it does very little to help someone learn to speak the langauge . The spoken language is learned through repeating the program . Your voice can be recorded , which is fine if you want to sound like a parrot . I think a better choice would be to force the user to speak first.The Second CD is completely in German , but without a good fondation , it is difficult to follow . There is very little help offered during the games.The talking dictionary was the worst of all . First , I had a very difficult time changing the options in the program . I tried going into the option screen but frequently had to repeat a change several times before the program would actually remember . The program was designed to run in the background and translate words that were clicked on . However , the speech only reads the word it is translating , so while you can translate a foreign language into your native tongue very easily , it does n't allow you to translate the other direction . I also found that the program used up an immense amount of memory and kept popping up as I was typing , it slowed everything else on the computer to a virtual crawl . I tried killing the application , but it refused to stop running , I eventually had to remove it from the start menu and reboot to get the thing out of memory . I tried using it to read through a German website , but it was able to translate less than 50 % of the words , with little consistency.If your looking to learn German , this is n't it . However , if you want to play a couple of games , learn a few colors , and maybe augment a different learning system then this may be a good program .
 The other reviews seem right on in that they note a big jump between the super-basic nature of the first CD , and the complex sentences thrown at you in the second . What stood out to me is the total lack of grammer and structure . A basic concept in German is that nouns are
 I purchased this program as my girlfriend is German and I thought I would take a shot at learning a few words . Well that 's about all you will get from this Cd Set a few words . The first Cd provides you with just enough German to make a fool of yourself in an airport in Frankfurt . I was n't looking to master the German language , but I was hoping for a little more . Still for -LSB- $ -RSB- it at least teaches you to look for something better .
 The first CD starts out with some basic words and phrases , not bad for a beginner . The problem occurs with the second CD , it is entirely in German -- none of which is taught in the first CD . They definitely need to bridge the gap in order for this to be useful . I was disappointed .
 Since Xara3D is no longer offered on Amazon , I purchased this software from the Xara web site . That was a big mistake . The last page of the order process provided a download link . After clicking the download link , I was directed to a dead HTTP 404 page . No download of the purchased software . One day after purchasing the software , Xara has not emailed a receipt or a download link . Now I must file a billing dispute with my credit card company to recover my money . What a rip off ! Amazon is wise not to offer Xara3D anymore .
 I purchased this item to use with the Audiovox PC5220 and my Macintosh . It does n't work , but they told me that only after I waited almost a week for a response to my support inquiry . I then requested a refund . It has been almost two months , and I finally got a denial email today . I have never encountered such horrendous customer service . This is the second time I 've dealt with Smith Micro , and the first time was just as bad . Be warned - If you need any support on any of their products , you should be prepared to wait ... and wait ... and wait ... . Also , buy it from a dealer , not direct , so that you can return it , if necessary .
 Got this with a new `` AirCard '' and it would never connect . I definitely would warn against purchasing this product . Their support site does n't even list the error code I was getting ! They list some of the error codes , just not the ones I was getting , very frustrating .
 you CAN NOT sell a product that is copyrighted then modify it , it violates the end term user aggreement . i would not buy this item .
 I was looking for a simple way to back up files and folders on a regular basis to a R/W CD . I was hoping for a product that was easy to use like Iomegaware but would work with other storage devices and on a local network . Boy did I blow it . Quicksync 3.0 was just as time consuming as drag and drop but added in some new extra complications to burn up even more of my Saturday morning . This is not anything like Iomegaware . Avoid this product if you are looking for an easy to use back up tool .
 My PC exceeds the system requirements , but I ca n't even get it to work . I do n't even get as far as entering the New Company info . I 've installed it on several different PCs running Win98 SE , using the Typical Install button , and get the exact same problem .
 This product does NOT work with Windows ME or XP . I did not realize this and am now stuck with a program I ca n't use . Icode told me to get a `` new '' operating system like Windows 98 or 2000 . Give me a break !
 they are sending lot of virus codes built in the software to make sure that some one calls them for technical help . then they ask them to pay for that help.which is not fair . the software is good but their business practice in spoiling other 's programmes is not proper . they have lot of codes written to complicate the system during the usageof their software , thus making the user to fall behind them for help .
 this software is very powerful but is probably the most confusing program ever created . you practically have to be a programmer to use it.Get Deisouss accounting version 4.5 instead
 I would not recommend Accware 's Integrated Business Software to small business owners . The software does not come with a manual which explains how to install and operate it -LRB- the manuals are extra and cost more the software itself -RRB- . The other alternative , is to purchase expensive on site training or rely on their technical support , which only lasts for 30 days after you initially install the software -LRB- after which it becomes cost prohibitive -RRB- . My advice is to spend your money on Quicken 's Quickbooks or Microsoft Money for Business , each of these programs is far easier to use and less expensive to operate .
 This is an old version of the software 3.3 , Icode will not upgrade it , so you have pay the total price for the new software . Version 3.3 do n't even have a POS built in and CAN NOT be networked.If you buy software from this company , they will FORCE you to take their software subscribtion plan -LRB- 400.00 a year -RRB- and tech support plan -LRB- 595.00 -RRB- . The Accware 5.0 is good software , just bad management about all these adds on madatory charges .
 Well ... if I were an Arabic accountant I wouldprobably love this software . But , I am only a commonsmall business man who knows little about how to keepup with my business . I had MUCH difficulty just gettingsomeone on the phone that I could understand.Seems all CSR ` sat Accware are mostly Arabic/broken english speaking . No onereally helped me . They told me how to access the -LRB- SAMPLEBusiness -RRB- that shows you what all that Accware can do.That itself is difficult to understand and navigate ifyou are technically challenged like myself . Then I find outafter my initial -LRB- 30 days of free customer support -RRB- I willhave to pay about $ -LSB- money -RSB- per call to receive help.I THINK NOT ! OBVIOUSLY I 'M NOT PLEASED WITH MY PURCHASE AND NOW AFTER REVIEWING THE PRODUCT AND TOYING WITH IT FOR 3 MONTHS , ICANNOT RETURN IT ...
 Well I thought this program would be great for running my new business . I WAS WRONG ! Nothing but problems from the beginning . From win98 to winNT I encountered all of the same complications . ERRORS ERRORS ERRORS . It has only wasted my time and money . I would definitely think twice before purchasing Accware .
 We have had an older Pooh storybook for years . Both my kids loved it . There was a lot to see and do -- songs , funny things that happened if you clicked on the picture , and nice graphics . So when that storybook finally died , I ordered this one . We were so disappointed ! The graphics are simplistic , the storyline choppy , there are no songs , and very few fun things happen when you click on different parts of the picture . When you click out of the story , you have to endure a slow listing of options before you can get back to where you were . This seems to have been put together quickly and cheaply and is not worth the money . Even my Pooh-crazy 2 year old was bored silly and disappointed .
 This CD ROM is not what it appears to be . For the price , you get only a small region -LRB- the selection is at your disgression -RRB- of the U.S. . To get more , you have to purchase ` unlock ' codes from the manufacturer or an authorized retailer . In addition , the detail is poor . A good set of road maps or U.S.G.S. topographical maps are better . I do n't recommend this product .
 Stuffit Deluxe 8.0 -LRB- as well as 7.5 -RRB- sounds good by its feature list , but is a very bad implementation of the compression/decompression formats . It supports almost any compression type you can imagine , as well as adding its own compression format , however the support is very buggy.The main problems with this are speed and errors . First , this product is at least 10 times slower than the command-line based extraction tools , and at least 5 times slower than any other graphical archiving tool I 've used.Second , there are many errors in this product . For example , I 've had several zip files and rar files fail to decompress . The product reports an error about the file format being wrong , or it causes an error that the filename is too long . This is very bad , and it is not the file that is wrong , it is Stuffit . If you use any other archiving tool , the file decompresses fine -LRB- and much faster ! -RRB- . The only reason I give this 2 stars is because it does support a wide variety of formats . However , I 'd highly recommend any other products instead of this one . You can even find free archive software for most of these formats .
 It is just a big spread sheet . Hard to figure out and really did not do anything we thought it would . Bought it for my husband as a gift for Christmas . What a let down . The concept is great but it did not do what we thought it was advertised to do .
 This software is horrible . It is terribly confusing even regarding how to create directions or to even print a map . Even changing your route is extremely hard and deleting old routes is even harder . This kind of software should be intuitive and easy to use . This software is not .
 I wish I had read reviews on this product before purchase , and further wish that I had some sort of guarantee that would let me return it.I ca n't speak to the success of using it for GPS , but a lot of the reports are good . I loved SA5 and SA9 , but this version , in addition to having a really cluttered and almost impossible to use interface , fails big time if what you want is any sort of useful and easy to use travel map.The old strip maps printed information in the margin along with a time guide that let you see what was ahead , and about how long it would take to get there . The new one does n't print the time guide , and prints all of the points of interest -LRB- POI -RRB- either in tiny font on a list at the back of the strip maps , or if you can figure out how to get them to print on the map , stacked on top of each other . If you want to find something at a glance , you are stuck.Delorme 's answer , while useful for people using GPS and not afraid to fiddle with a laptop at 70 mile an hour _ does _ at least seem to provide something for those folks , but if you are a solo traveler who wants a usable program to help you get from place to place safely and conveniently , this is a terrible choice.My recommendation to someone shopping for mapping software -- take a look at an actual printout of an actual travel route that you are familiar with . Look to see if you can tell how long you are traveling , how long you will be taking , and for an easy , read at one glance , way to see what is coming up gas and restaurant wise . I fyou try to use SA 2007 for this , I predict you may wind up hungry and carrying a can of gas.My rating -- in town and for local mapping , pretty good.for interstate travel , almost useless for my purposes .
 I ordered DeLorme Street Atlas 2007 Plus USA/Canada on April 23 , 2007 . The software I received from Amazon was for Win2003/Win XP and is not WinVista ready . I contacted DeLorme and they have an upgrade but you must pay for UPS shipping!This is a pain!DeLorme says they brought out the 2007 version in September 2006 before Vista was released and are not responsible if Amazon has old stock . Amazon is cleaning out their old stock , BEWARE !!!!!
 One of the most confusing things about Street Atlas is that the handheld edition is bundled with the desktop making it hard to tell what people are reviewing.The desktop edition will do everything you want and more -LRB- can even tell you about radio coverage for a location and which channels -RRB- . The handheld edition , is probably the most `` not ready for release '' software I have ever seen . To start with , you have to `` pick '' the rectangles , one at a time for the area of the map you want on your handheld . Pick too much and it never manages to actually find locations . Pick too little , and there is not enough coverage.If I picked the 5 cities of the silicon valley , it failed to create a route in the 40 mins I took to get to my destination . And it almost never managed to reverse a route.Conclusion , I sent it back to delorme for a full refund and switched to infogation 's Odyssey Mobile . If you are looking for a pocketpc gps solution , they are the best I found . . better than mapopolis , tomtom and ostia .
 I am a Japanese -RSB- English bilingual . I was searching for Japanse-Engilsh translation software for my friend to use . I tried only used Japanese-English , English-Japanese transration part of the software . I was hoping that this would do 70 % of the transration correctry but I found that it did less than 10 % of the transration . I could not make use out of this software .
 The five-star reviews of this product are forged . For more examples of this , look up their other product `` Language Now '' - you will see near-identical reviews of various versions of that product , uploaded from throwaway accounts , all in June 2003 .
 Unremarkable product . Free translators on the internet are better .
 THIS PROGRAM IS BAD . YOU CA N'T EVEN GET THE `` GIST '' OF THE TRANSLATION THAT IT CLAIMS TO GIVE . I USED IT TO TRANSLATE SPANISH TO ENGLISH . IT CLAIMS TO LET YOU BUILD A DICTIONARY BUT YOU HAVE TO START A NEW ONE EVERY TIME YOU START THE PROGRAM BECAUSE IT DOES NOT SAVE THE DICTIONARY . IT DOES NOT DISTINGUISH MALE OR FEMALE NAMES EITHER . IT IS NOT WORTH IT .
 I recieved this product today , I opened the box , got all excited , installed , and no Japanese . It promises Japanese on the box , but it is n't in the box . I called their customer service line , their response was that they thought it was supposed to have two CD 's , but I checked some stores and their boxes only have one disk . . I 'm very frustrated , very disappointed ...
 Shut down -- not merely quarantined -- all Lexmark Printing , Scanning , Copying , Faxing files that came from this reputable All-in-One manufacturer . Thus a program that deletes other , useful , known safe programs = malware !
 THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT WORK WITH WINDOWS 7 . NOT STATED ON THE SITE , OR AT THE ORDER SITE.THIS A RIP OFF PRODUCT.OLD PROGRAM / OLD TECHNOLIGY / AND A DECPTIOIN TO THE CONSUMER.SHOULD NOT BE FOR SALE ON YOUR SITE.SHOULD NEVER BE ALLOED ON THE MARKET . DOES NOT WORK.UPON OPENING THE PACKAGE , THE FIRST '' NOTE '' I READ WAS '' DOES NOT WORK ON WINDOWS # 7 `` SO , WHAT THE HELL AM I BUYING ????????? BEFOR YOU TAKE MY MONEY , AND WAIST MY TIME , FOR ARIVIAL OF YOUR PRODUCT , WHICH WAS THREE DAYS LATE , AND THEN , NOT COMPATABLE WITH MY LAPTOP , A TOTAL RIP OFF.I WANT MY MONEY BACK . PRODUCT PURCHASE PRICE , SHIPPING FEES - AND LOST TIME WAITING FOR A B/S PRODUCT.VERY NOT LIKELY TO EVER USE OR RECOMEMD THS SITE.CKOMEG2000@AOL.COMWHERE IS MY MONEY.YOU TOOK IT UPON ORDER.I DEMAND MY MONEY BACK , AS FAST AS YOU TOOK IT FROM ME.I DEMAND IT BACK.THEIVES AND LIRES . I WANT MY MONEY BACK ! GOING TO BLOG ALL MY CONTACTS . NTHIEVES / CHEETS AND CONS.CC / ALL CONTACTS - CKOMEGA2000@AOL.COM- AOL / GOOGLE / YAHOO.THIS CONTACT IS NOT A CONTACT TO ORDER FROM .
 I bought this program for one reason and one reason only
 when i baught it i was hoping it would organize all my mp3 files and it did but now it is giving me different types of errors and it is n't any better then my other mp3 software -LRB- jukebox 7.0 -RRB- and i encourage you to think twice !
 This product does n't do what it says it does . I bought it to record internet radio , the box says you can record anything that is playing in the output . It did n't work , I emailed magix and they said my sound card needs to have this feature . But if your sound card has this feature , you would n't need mp3 maker.Anyway , so so program otherwise .
 I recommend to everyone interested to read Thal Ajoni 's review before they make a decision to buy any of these videos . It 's awesome , but these video 's sure are n't !!!
 I would rather watch my hair grow to the floor than another minute of these boring videos . Besides , I do ` nt see how no one could watch 6 minutes of these things let alone all 6 videos . There boring !!! And another thing is , if she 's all for women in chess , why does she need that man up there telling her what to do all the time ???
 Dear Chess Consumer : The review by Thal Ajoni is an honest and thoughtful criticism of this set of Chess videos . Unfortunately it caught the attention of one or two people to falsly write 5-star reviews for this product -LRB- wrongly -RRB- thinking that they were championing the name of Polgar or women in Chess -LRB- as they did with Jennifer Shahade 's very good first effort -RRB- . By making this mistake , the few people in question merely succeeded in supporting a bad set of videos.The user , `` Danita '' , wrote a review to support this video on or about Dec 8 . It turns out , she is probably the same person as Ludmila , as they both used the term `` Internet Stalker '' in reference to some kind of smear campaign either against Polgar or Women 's chess in general . Here is an example : -- This is from a review of an excellent book written by Susan polgar called Breaking Through which has excellent annotations and a good story on Kasparov cheating against Judit . In her review , Danita uses the term `` Internet Stalker '' : Breaking Through
 I am an 1800 player , and have paid for four of these videos , and I regret it . I do not want others to make the same mistake . When I first paid for the videos , they did not have all 5 available , just the first 3 , this was in May . Then the 5 were available as a group on Amazon in August . Chess Central has not advertised the 6th video until very recently.I do not recommend buying this video , unless you are an absolute beginner . But then I do recommend you read Thal Ajoni 's reviews on each of these videos , before you make your final decision and spend your money . There may be alternatives available to you . But I am not impressed with this first video.What I am ` impressed ' with is the chess-playing ability of a recent reviewer . It is known that a realistic ` maximum ' jump of chess improvement is 100 points over a year , the highest leap is 100 points in 31/3 months . This chess reviewer first bought all 6 volumes , sometime after August , then they watched all videos , did n't comprehend them . Then they read 6 chess books , and then watched the videos a second time , this time comprehending them . Fantastic . What a ` genius ' ! I used to believe it was impossible for such a ratings jump . Let me give you an example . At 1200 , the chess player will not comprehend JeremySilmans `` The Amateur 's Mind '' and it has been recommended by Jeremy himself that the 1200 player should just read the first 58 pages before proceeding.To read chess books like this , you have to play them over the board , because they are in algebraic notation , and this takes time , which makes software so nice . -LRB- Actually , if you are good enough to read the notation , and visualize the moves in your head , then you correlate with GM strength and do not need the book . -RRB- It took me almost three months to get through the Amateur 's Mind book when I was a 1500 player , but my rating improved slowly and steadily over the next several months.It also took a few weeks to get through Winning Chess Tactics , when I was a 1200 player , but if I had completely understood this book , then I would completely understand Vol . # 3 , because they are the same.So I do n't understand how someone could be such a chess talent as to read 6 chess books that cover Strategy , Openings , Endgame , Annotation , and Improvements for the 1500-level player , and take the knowledge to the practical area , by improving their rating by at least 300 points in the course of 4 months.What is interesting , is that they boast a complete understanding of the book on Chess Tactics , but did not understand a later viewing of Polgar 's # 3 tactics video . This must mean , of course , that Polgar 's # 3 video is really bad . So do n't buy it.Still , this chess reviewer is of a phenomenal chess playing ability , and I praise them for their recent effort . If they continue on this pace , they will be a GM before next year . How helpful those 6 books must have been!What they are trying to say is that these videos should be integrated into an overall plan for chess improvement . This is like saying `` Trix cereal is part of a complete breakfast with juice , toast , and milk , to make it complete . '' Well , it 's not . You could do just fine without spending the money or time on the first 4 volumes of this ` Tricky ' set of videos . *** Summary : And as for the videos , please save your money until you read all the reviews . Especially consider Thal Ajoni 's reviews listed here , and all the reviews for the Vol .3 video . Thal Ajoni 's reviews will save you money , time , and lead you to better chess . Do n't do what I did . Do n't waste your money and time.Educate yourself by reading all reviews for all videos , and then decide which recommendations to follow , and which videos are the right ones for you . I wo n't say they 're all good , and I wo n't say they are all bad . I will say some are very good , and others are very bad . If you want to know which ones , read Thal Ajoni 's reviews , and all the reviews at Vol .3 of this series .
 I think there is truth in the middle . Maybe some of these videos are bad and some are good . Like take that 1800 reviewer as an instance , they must be smarter than the other one who called her dumb , because look . If it was dumb to try to review a beginner 's video as an 1800 player , then a GM must be unqualified to make a beginner 's video , right ? Well I do n't think so , so that 's just dumb .
 I spent the last hour searching the web for assistance with this game.Installed it on my XP , but at startup , it crashes as soon as my son starts typing his name.Help does not exist . I was however able to find many links to other Fisher Price games , airplane crashes around the world -LRB- ! -RRB- , Vivendi Investor Relations , and many other useless links.Why do companies that make these games assume that we will never have problemswith them ? Why do n't they ever have a `` patches and updates '' page?Sigh . Sad state of affairs . .
 Most of the time , when one tries to make a pdf document from scanned files , the images of the scanned files come out far too small to be of any use . So , perhaps I am not doing things right , even though I am following the rather simple directions . The problem is , there is no documentation for this program , and the help files are useless . There is an online forum , with a `` knowledge base '' , but there are no abstracts of the included items , so unless you have several hours free to read through endless entries , it is also useless . One may call in to talk to Adobe for $ 40 per `` incident , '' with no guarantee of a solution.This is the way modern software is offered
 This CD has limited usefulness for a serious Bible student . The 5 translations are , King James , New King James , Darby 's New Translation , American Standard Version -LRB- 1901 -RRB- , and Youngs Literal Translation . The only concordance is Strongs.Matthew Henery 's Concise Commentary is nice . The other is Adam Clarke 's Commentary.For this low price it may be to much to expect either the New International VVersion or teh New American Standard translations .
 Serial number that comes on the software will not register and you can not open the software . Do not order this product !
 Lesson Learned
 We just returned from a trip to France where we had a rental car for 10 days and covered about 2000km . We used this software on a laptop with an earthmate USB GPS receiver -LRB- you will need the driver from the DeLorme site to make it appear as a serial device to make it work with this software -RRB- The driving directions were very bad , for example it would have you on an autoroute for 60 miles , and the next direction would be `` at exit so-and-so continue on the A61 '' which is the road you are already on . A bit confusing.It also gave us incorrect directions at several roundabouts , saying `` Take the 3 exit off of the roundabout '' and it should have been the 2nd exit or the 4th , and you do n't know this until you are off course , then you need to turn around or reroute from the current position.Also it would tell you that the next roundabut was 17 miles away and to take the 2nd exit , but there were 5 roudabouts in between that were n't mentioned , in these cases you were just treating the roundabouts as intersections and going through them , but that should be included in the driving directions.Also it refers to all routes by number D376 , E9 and so on , unfortuntely the normal map based navigation in France is done by knowing the City or `` direction '' you want , with a map it 's easy to determine this . Almost without exception at roundabouts the route numbers -LRB- except autoroutes -RRB- are not given . This combined with it being confused about exits on the roundabouts , makes it very hard to depend on.Another problem we had was in the autoroutes around Toulouse , it would not give correct -LRB- or at least useful -RRB- information about which direction to go . there was one point where the autoroute split into 2 , and you had to know before hitting toll booth -LRB- 2 sets of booths , about 20 booths total , one set was the right one , but it was n't clear if it was the left or the right set -RRB- and we made a wrong turn , rerouted , was given a similar situation , which we guessed wrong again on , did this 3 times , thinking it would get better . We switched to looking at a AAA map to determine the City we wanted to go toward and that worked fine . Did n't make us miss our flight , but if we had n't figured extra time it could have.The interface is clumsy and hard to figure out , I was talking my wife through things at 6:00 am to catch a flight , in the dark , on an autoroute and it was not as simple as it should be.I would go Tom-Tom next time , but that is much more expensive , for less money a good detailed Michelin guide served us very well on previous trips and wished for it many times during the trip.All things considered , I would not suggest it , it did route OK , but the directions were not very good.Other than determining approximate travel time and general routes between locations -LRB- which you can do on line -RRB- I would stay away from it .
 Acrobat 5 was so buggy that I thought I 'd give Adobe a couple of product cycles before upgrading . Should have waited longer . There have been improvements in v7
 I want to warn you about GoLive -- it is the most frustrating , least reliable , most crash-prone app I have used since switching to OS X. GoLive CS2 crashes regularly for me several times a day , and has even managed to crash WHILE SAVING A VERY IMPORTANT FILE , which wiped out an entire day 's work for me , causing me to redo it all . Bottom line , Adobe does not deserve your money for this application , which they clearly dislike within the company -LRB- when you make a bug report , it 's interesting to note that it 's called GoLive , not Adobe GoLive -RRB- . Sadly , the only thing to do is go to Dreamweaver ... but that 's not an option for me since its interface is not something I 'm willing to use.My distaste for Adobe is so great because of their crap with CS2 -- from the activation problems to not recognizing an upgrade of Photoshop -LRB- stand alone -RRB- when coming from the full suite set -- that I would willingly jump ship to just about any other product -- but opps ! There are almost no other products anymore , since no company can stand against Photoshop , Illustrator , and so on -LRB- not even Macromedia -RRB- . Bottom line , the actions of Adobe with CS2 -LRB- principally GoLive , since I rely on it so much -RRB- have robbed me of much of the joy that is my right as a Mac user .
 This title was designed to work with older operating systems -LRB- Windows 95 , etc. . . -RRB- .
 I want to warn you about GoLive -- it is the most frustrating , least reliable , most crash-prone app I have used since switching to OS X. GoLive CS2 crashes regularly for me several times a day , and has even managed to crash WHILE SAVING A VERY IMPORTANT FILE , which wiped out an entire day 's work for me , causing me to redo it all . Bottom line , Adobe does not deserve your money for this application , which they clearly dislike within the company -LRB- when you make a bug report , it 's interesting to note that it 's called GoLive , not Adobe GoLive -RRB- . Sadly , the only thing to do is go to Dreamweaver ... but that 's not an option for me since its interface is not something I 'm willing to use.My distaste for Adobe is so great because of their crap with CS2 -- from the activation problems to not recognizing an upgrade of Photoshop -LRB- stand alone -RRB- when coming from the full suite set -- that I would willingly jump ship to just about any other product -- but opps ! There are almost no other products anymore , since no company can stand against Photoshop , Illustrator , and so on -LRB- not even Macromedia -RRB- . Bottom line , the actions of Adobe with CS2 -LRB- principally GoLive , since I rely on it so much -RRB- have robbed me of much of the joy that is my right as a Mac user .
 Be careful in ordering this item.According to the item description -LRB- as of 1-12-07 -RRB- included TWO MAJOR PROGRAMS , Acrobat Professional and GoLive , that are NOT INCLUDED.Basically what you see as the product description is the Professional Version under the Standard Version page . Unless I knew that there was in fact two versions of this product -LRB- which I did not -RRB- anyone would assume what they list is what you get.After a run around at the call center and a lot of aggrivation , all I got was an Oh well , too bad , we 'll give you a refund.So to actually get the items listed in the decsription of this product you 'll have to spend an additional 400 $ . Needless to say I have notified my State Attorney General .
 This software does not use general Windows standards . It has not been updated since XP and is a problem to run on later OS . Amazing . Throw in a clunky interface and it just is not worth the money .
 This software is not helpful , every chapter has only 10-12 very simple questions , you can easily find more on internet for free.Go to find a good biology book , if you really want to learn something .
 Just a really , really boring software . Could n't make my daughter to spend even 10 minutes dealing with it . MS-DOS style .
 -LRB- Why do n't they offer zero stars ? -RRB- I purchased and installed the product -LRB- several times , again with patches -RRB- , when it is opened it will display no verses . After multiple attempts all I recieved from tech support is ` we have problems with XP , this patch is supposed to fix it ' -LRB- same answer to both responses of 5 requested -RRB- . It did not on mine . I can not get any more response from tech support , but rest assured I am on the mailing advertisement list . I responded with my problem to the e-mail . One week later I received something from quickverse . Another ` anonymous ' buy our product .
 I was getting ready to buy this item , Quickverse 8.0 , but after Reading the review by `` True Grit '' I 've changed my mind . It never pays to stiff your customers !
 Unlike True Grit , mine worked fine , except it was clumsy and slow to search . In my old version 4 , I could have 3 versions plus the Greek Bible in the same window . Then , when I highlight a word in the KJV , I could immediately see the corresponding meaning in the original Greek ! But , for some reason , I ca n't get the version 8 to work . It had too much junk to make it worthwhile and user-friendly . Buy it only if your computer is very fast and you have lots of money to burn .
 I read the online reviews of this product and thought it looked good or at least good enough . It is n't . The image editing is incredibly jerky and the actors ' smiles are downright creepy when seen time and time and time again ! -LRB- Were the option available to exclude the actors from the screen while still hearing them speak , it would be a better product . -RRB- Though some of the vocabulary presented may be useful , the content of the CD does not offer much in the way of sentence or phrase help .
 The first problem is that the amount of material covered is extremely limited - the vocabulary you learn would probably fit on a single sheet of paper . What 's worse though is that they do n't bother including the `` en '' or `` ett '' articles with nouns , so you have no idea what gender a noun is , and whatever nouns you do learn will have to be learned a second time with their proper gender . Definitely not recommended .
 As it turns out , QuickVerse Mac Bible Study 2007 Black Box does n't work at all with Leopard , or with Safari 3 for that matter . QuickVerse customer service offers only long waits punctuated by announcements that anything you ask for may incur a nominal charge . What you do n't get is any indication of when , if ever , the problem will be solved . So it 's hard to rate QuickVerse as a Bible Study program.A one star rating is presented because the review program requires it . If that were not the case , there would be no star at all .
 After using QV windows version for 20 years , I was happy to find a mac version when I moved to macs . That happiness did not last long . First off it is pretty quirky , and not intuitive - but still fairly usable even without the full Nestle text . However , for more than two months , my 2006 ver has been hanging up whenever I attempt a search . I tried all the usual fixes , even tried e-mail and finally phone . All of which produced the same response - - be patient , we 're really working on it ! A patch is coming . Then the week before Christmas it did arrive !! Except it will only work for 2007 ver . Their response - - - buy the 2007 ver . Slow , unresponsive service for QV Mac and their Members Plus program with their pricey nearly annual `` new and improved '' `` upgrades '' make this a company from which you want to stay far away . I 'd give it `` zero '' stars , but not permitted .
 I 'm sorry I ca n't give this product a Zero rating , it does n't deserve a 1 . This is without doubt the most frustrating , unfriendly , useless software I have purchased to date for the Mac . I 'm a longtime Mac and Bible software user . This truly is an outrageous contribution to the fine Mac products and continues the steady decline from this company . Recommendations ? Just use the Blue Letter Bible online !
 I am new to mac but veteran to Bible software . I live in the word and am very disappointed my new mac and quickverse will not cooperate . I was able to get a daily devotion to show on opening screen , but for the price of the black box edition you would expect more . Maybe more negative publicity will turn some heads . In the meantime , living by bread alone.Spiritually hungry in the South
 This is by far the single most user-UNfriendly Bible program I have seen . It is a bare-bones program with nothing you ca n't find online for free . Recent versions have likely been improved upon but you will be sorely disappointed with the 2.0.2 2007 version . I was left with that sinking feeling like I just threw my money away .
 Help screen does not work , tech support said to use the manual on the CD instead . What a total pain ... If I could get my money back I would . This thing is n't worth the price of a blank CD . If I could rate it zero stars I would .
 I purchased this as a new Mac user as well , and it did n't even open any applications . Just the first screen . My response from the company was to be patient , they will get to me in a few days . That was enough time to return the product and I 'm still waiting for a refund . In the meantime , I 'll continue the search .
 While I was interested in the product , it did not have either of the translations that are used in most contemporary services . I returned the product as a result .
 -LSB- This review is for the `` Black Box '' version which has been out for months , despite Amazon 's odd decision to choose a pre-order date of 9/30/07 . My comments , however , still apply to the White Box version , though it obviously includes fewer unlocked books and translations -LRB- i.e. no NRSV , etc -RRB- -RSB- TECHNICAL ISSUE
 OK - this is about the most user unfriendly product I 've purchased for the Mac - EVER ! Installed it a few days ago and neither my wife or I can figure it out - I 'm no dummy but I simply can not figure out how to view a specific book in a translation of my choosing - or how to view any of the other books in the library - the Help function is worthless.Pass on this - there 's got to be a better Bible study software solution out there for the Mac !
 QuickVerse White Box runs okay with Mac OS 10.3.9 -LRB- Panther -RRB- , but will not run with Tiger or Leopard . Installing their recommended updates did nothing to improve this situationQuickverse Mac Bible Study 2007 White Box . I submitted a problem submission form to their Product Support about this problem . I got no response - they completely ignored me . This company that sells Christian software certainly runs their business in a very Un-Christian manner . Do n't waste your money on their products .
 EDIT
 The reviews of this product are of little value unless the reviewer shares info about his computer 's operating system . I have Vista . Versions 10 and 11 of the Ulead product share something in common
 We purchased this program because of it 's glitzy features . But be forewarned
 Upgraded from version 8 , which was n't bad . But now I ca n't burn a DVD . During file conversion an error message pops up saying I `` got problem '' converting file . They got that right ! . Briefly , the on-line FAQ says to creat a DVD-compliant file first , tell the burner program not to convert compliant files , then burn . No joy . Tried the procedure with all possible permutations . Still No Joy . Emailed tech support , and have yet to hear back . So I uninstalled , and went back to version 8 . Works fine . DO N'T UPGRADE TO OR BUY THIS VERSION !!
 I have had this bug laden , non performing piece of crap for 5 months . It has yet to produce anything . If you are thinking about purchasing this software find anything else . Even the windows supplied movie maker is better than this crap.To add insult to non performing software tech support is absolutely non-exsistant . I mean the FAQ is only one page long , you can not even look up a knowledge base answer . Mainly cause how can you build a knowledge base when no one can get it to work!Runs for a few seconds than locks up , brand new computer running all the newest stuff and it still wo n't do a simple clip cut!Run away save yourself from this terrible software .
 This product is anything but intuitive . I still ca n't figure out how to make it work in its most basic form having created 3 vaguely decent DVDs and a dozen coasters.Its ability to scan your video camera and split the tape into clips is excellent . Its ability to let you drag those clips onto a story board is excellent . Clipping bits off the front and back of clips is a breeze . Adding titles to your clips is pretty easy.Creating chapters and menus is a nightmare . It either uses your entire movie as the title -LRB- complete with elevator music -RRB- or it misses out a great chunk of your soundtrack so that your visit to Disneyland contains your commentary for your sister 's wedding . I have n't even dared to try the flashy features that this product boasts as even the basic ones wo n't work.Buy something - anything - else .
 Save your money . There are better chess instructions , for free , on the internet ! Two thumbs down on this one !
 The item was advertised with a rebate . When the product came there was a sticker intentionally placed across the UPC code on the container . My rebate was refused for an inappropriate upc code . I paid more for the product than it was worth . Equivalent photo managers are available other places for free .
 It has 3 cd 's . The T. Rex one has a very boring game . The Learn about Dinosaurs cd is animated which was very boring for both of my grandsons . The third cd , Waling with Dinosaurs was hard to install and the videos are not very good to watch . Do n't waste your money on this software .
 If you do n't mind a lot more typing go to the SBA site and take the course on business plan writing . This system is not flexible enough and can be a hindrance when you are `` inventing '' your business .
 I think this product is way over rated < If anyone knows of a good business plan that has a lot of marketing information and asks great questions etc. . . and up to date samples of business plans with details about strategy and marketing etc. . . please inform me < Thanks <
 I have been using BPlan Pro since 2002 when they released the version `` BPlan Pro 2002 '' , and HAD been a very satisfied user of the product.Last week I purchased -LRB- upgraded to Business Plan Pro 2006 - Premier -RRB- , and my experience has been pretty bad . As a rather experienced user of the product I found the following problems.New Users1 . Exporting to MS Word gives pathetic quality for chart-images . You would never want to take anything like this to a potential investor . I contacted Palo Alto Technical help and they were LEAST helpful . The person said `` That 's a Microsoft problem . We can not do anything with that '' . If they do n't expect it to show up right in Word , I wonder what program they are expecting it to show up in . -LRB- FYI , I must say here that the resolution in Adobe Acrobat was perfect , but unfortunately you CAN NOT edit a PDF document unless you have the Acrobat Writer-approx $ 500 -RRB- 2 . In short , you have to work within the Bplan Pro 2006 itself , and export directly to Adobe PDF format -LRB- which gives you very little flexibility to work on the document , outside of Bplan Pro 2006 -RRB- . In contrast , Bplan Pro 2002 gave you the flexibility to export it anytime -LRB- any part of the plan -RRB- into MS Word and you could edit it without losing any clarity in the charts at all ! -LRB- Interestingly , I asked Bplan Tech support , why they can not do something which they easily had in their own product 4 years back !! , and the answer again was . . `` it has something to do with Microsoft `` Old Users UpgradingStick to your older versions , unless you really need Year 2 month-wise breakup for your financials and sales projections .1 . When you export from a previous version to the current version , you need an additional utility -LRB- free download from the maker 's website -RRB- to convert it . In other words it 's not backward compatible like a Mircrosoft Word or Excel file . A previous version file WILL NOT open in a newer version of BPlan Pro . This is excusable , BUT the problem lies in the fact that many of the formulae that you had built into building the business plan in the OLD version WILL NOT reflect in the new version -LRB- after you convert -RRB- . Instead , Bplan Pro 2006 merely puts in the `` value '' without showing the formula on which it was based .2 . The problem with the older versions is that , lets say you are starting your business in Sep 2005 . All you can get is a monthly projection for the FIRST year -LRB- which is just the first 3 months -RRB- , whereas most of the action will happen over the next year -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , and only business plan pro premier version allows you to do a month-wise for second year . -LRB- Note : '' There is NO option if you want a month-wise for year 3 -RRB- . In my case , the investors wanted split up for first 6 quarters . -LRB- which is Q4-2005 , Q1-Q4 2006 , and Q1-2007 , a genuine scenario where one might need monthly/quarterly spilt up for the first 3 years because the first 6 quarters are spread over 3 separate years -RRB- .3 . Few bugs in the embedded spreadsheet4 . The few plus points that I found : a . There is a forecaster tool , that lets you `` drag '' charts and values on the fly , and that 's pretty cool , without having to manually enter values -LRB- e.g , sales projections , expenses , etc -RRB- b. Look and feel is slightly better.c . Export into Excel is very much better , and in good format.d . Again , this is just a week of playing around ... so I should have more updates soon .
 They did not send me a Activation code that comes with the program , so not I ca n't open it up . They just took my money!I e-mailed the sender and they never contact me back .
 This appears to be a Windows theme pack when you purchase it from Amazon.com , but it is in fact a theme pack for Windows Mobile on a PocketPC . It will not work under Windows XP .
 Not a good product . There are better options.One of the worst customer service companies that I have ever dealt with . Takes days for them to respond -LRB- if they bother -RRB- , then their responses have been unhelpful.Never again will I do business with them .
 I ordered Audio Cleaning Lab 11 . It worked for a while but after downloading an upgrade it would lock up and require me to power down my system because neither shutdown nor Task Manager could exit it . I am now using Audacity which is free . It does n't have some of the features of Audio Cleaning Lab , but it works . Also , MAGIX tech support will not reply to my emails !
 I have had trouble and no satisfaction with this product.I am downloading Grateful Dead concerts from the internet . I want to turn them into audio or data CDs . Sometimes I get a whole concert as one giant file ; I want to cut that into tracks and save it . Sometimes I get a bunch of tracks ; I want to combine the songs that `` go into '' one another -LRB- my car stereo inserts a two-second delay between tracks -RRB- . One of the things I want to do is to save the files -LRB- which are mostly MP3s -RRB- in the same bit rate and format as the originals , so I loose as little `` music '' as possible.The MP3 codec seems to be really buggy . Most of the combinations of bit rates and codec strategies create really wacky files
 I guess I 'm the only one that has had a bad experience with this product . The card worked for the first video I transfered but quit working after that . I had to return it for a refund ... However the editing software that came with it was very easy to use .
 I 'm an animation student whose school only provides us with the ability to get our work onto VHS . Basically , this is ridiculous and I need my work on a DVD or at least in some sort of digital format . This work is what 's going to get me a job some day so I ca n't have it getting eaten up by a VCR or anything crappy that VCR/VHS do.Grand solution
 Hi , I did n't read all the reviews here yet , but I went to my local Best Buy and got the Dazzle DVD Recorder , a white -LRB- new version ? -RRB- as that 's what they had , while I did read some reviews beforehand that must have been about the red -LRB- older version -RRB- ? The White version DOES NOT come with the extra software - the 2 extra disks , one a QuickStart Studio or something , and the other a bonus disk . It just comes with the drivers for the device , and will only make DVD VOB files , no AVI or anything else which I wanted , ca n't even edit in MovieMaker . I 'm returning this today . As for quality , I have my DVR hooked into it , and when `` monitoring '' it seems like VHS quality , but the resulting VOB files seems a bit better when played via VLC Player . I have a Toshiba laptop that just makes the minimum requirements , but the output from the laptop is S-Video ` ed into my 32 inch TV , so I can see the difference between when the DVR goes to the TV directly vs. via Dazzle/PC to TV .
 The 1-Click DVD feature makes DVDs that appear to work , but have unpredictable defects . I have wasted upward of 48 hours of time trying to get the movie that this product created to work , with no avail . Do n't buy -- it is a shrink-wrapped piece of junk that was clearly not thoroughly tested .
 This product is supposedly compatible with Windows Vista , however my experiences has been to the contrary . The product will cause your computer to crash , showing the blue screen of death . Another big problem is that it freezes up too easily , meaning that you will need to restart your computer , then restart whatever it was that you were watching . This gets to be rather expensive if you choose the direct to dvd option since you will also be wasting a blank dvd.User beware !
 Somewhat finicky in setting up the Dazzle . Just getting software upgrades installed was not straight forward . Getting USB port recognition correct before seeing video was a challenge.After 8-10 hours of work , still have yet to produce a DVD.So , maybe with a higher performance system -LRB- > 1.99 GHz AMD CPU , with > 2 GB memory , ? video board -RRB- you may have better luck than I. 2 stars , since it does work and is not a complete waste of money .
 I recently purchased this item . I just got it in the mail today . The video playback quality is so bad you ca n't even see what you recorded . When I opened the package one of the discs were cracked too . I do not reccomend purchasing this item . Go for something a little more expensive , because if you buy this , you are just throwing your money away .
 do not buy this . Neither the pinnacle software or the direct to dvd software could actually record to a DVD without crashing . I am sending this back . To be fair , I was able to connect the video capture device to the computer with favorable video quality .
 Dazzle DVD Instant Recorder was a fabulous product out of the box . I was impressed with its ease of installation and ease of initial use . When I tried to burn to double layer DVD 's , however , the product failed . After a week of emails with their support team , this was their solution
 Dazzle made perfect sense
 This is a TERRIBLE product.I bought this from Best Buy about 6 months ago for $ 50 . This was a complete waste of money.Problems include :1 . No instructions . You can barely figure out what to do . It is not plug and play , as the software is confusing and the methods recommended by the Introductary Wizard are inconsistent and do not necessarily work .2 . Bad software . The software would not recognize my DVD Burner , and when I finally got it to do so , I got a message that there was an Error which prevented burning to DVD . I had used my DVD burner on another project earlier that day , so the burner was working fine , but the Pinnacle software refused to use it .3 . Very bad Tech Support . After trying to figure it all out on my own , I finally went to the website and had an online chat with customer service . After about 45 minutes of asking me if I had hooked the 3 cables up to my VCR correctly , or the USB port plug to my PC , I was told that the real culprit here was the DVDs I was using were the wrong format . I should go out and spend more money to buy a different format just for their product . That was the only guidance I got from Tech Support . And when I did shell out the money for the recommended format , it * still * gave me the same errors .4 . Misleading transition from VHS to DVD . Eventually , I found out from message boards that the Dazzle can burn content , but despite what the advertising says , it can best be accomplished by copying from VHS to your harddrive , then separately burning the harddrive material to DVD . I did this with both DVD - R and DV + R formats , on the off chance that the advice I got regarding formats was accurate .5 . Awful final DVD product . In both the formats I burned , there were technical glitches which rendered the DVDs worthless . Each was filled with skips and pauses in the video playback . In each instance the audio was off completely . In the original , a person would be talking with a soft wave sound in the background , but in the DVD , in the same scene , there would be no talking and loud music . This total disconnect of audio with the bad video issues made the DVDs unwatchable.I can not state highly enough how disappointed I was in this product .
 I 've had dazzle products in the past . Usually a very good product , This DVD Recorder is just not very reliable . I would recommmend spending a little more and getting one of the higher end dazzle products .
 First let me say that after using Windows Vista for a almost a year at home , I have found it to be a very stable , very intuitive OS that is great at fixing problems itself , creating its own firewall rules , etc. . The version of Dazzle Pinnacle that I bought said `` Vista Compatible '' on the box . After months of trying , and help from my Elec & Comp Engineer friend , I gave up . He even tried to use it on his XP computer , no good . I can not get the Studio to work at all , and Instant DVD Recorder only works for certain types of small files . Avoid this junk , get the StarTech USB 2.0 Video Capture cable instead and you 'll be MUCH happier with it . Remember to install its software before its hardware .
 Although the box had a Vista sticker on it , unable to get it to run on my new Vista machine . I downloaded several programs claiming to get it to work , but still quirky . In one word - Disappointing .
 The box clearly says `` Works with Windows Vista '' and then gives you a URL to download the drivers for Vista . What it DOESNT say is that it only supports 32 bit versions of Windows Vista . THIS DOES NOT WORK WITH 64 BIT VERSIONS OF VISTA . do n't waste your time and money like i just did .
 I JUST BUY THIS PROGRAM , BUT I CA N'T USED BECAUSE THE CODE KEYS DOSE N'T WORK I JUST TRY TO CONTACT COSTUMER SUPPORT , BUT THEY DID N'T HELP ME THEY HAVE A STUPID SISTEM , WHEN YOU ENTERED THE KEYS CODE BECAME A POP UP WHO SAID THE KEY CODE IS NOT ACEPTED , I 'M SICK AND TIRED ABOUT COSTUMER SUPPORT , FOR THIS REASON I CA N'T USED THIS PROGRAM , , , , IT REALY SUCKS !!!! DO N'T BUY IT ...
 I was excited when i received Dazzle , but once I opened the box , I discovered it would n't do what I had hoped . Before I made the purchase , I had read what I could find , on Amazon and elsewhere , but the cumulative results of this research were still quite sketchy . What I had found out , though , made me think I might be able to use it to put my video tapes onto dvd 's . Once I received the package and read the enclosed directions , I realized it would n't work . For one thing , I had to have a computer that could be dedicated to this task . -LRB- This is because of the extensive number of tapes I wanted to transcribe . -RRB- . This was not a possibility . Obviously I did n't understand how Dazzle worked , though tried hard to try to find out . -LRB- I even went to an electronics store ; the salesman had never heard of it . -RRB- I wish Amazon could have provided more detailed information about the product or given links to finding out more about it . I was disappointed , but the experience just made me realize I need to do a lot of homework before making another purchase , though I will make another purchase on Amazon .
 This is the worst purchase I have ever made . I would NEVER recommend this product to anyone , for any reason . 3 computers , and 3 VCRs later , and a new video card , a new USB card and a new USB hub later , I have decided to take it out in the street and run it over ... avoid this product .
 This is the first time I have written a review or returned something to Amazon . I wasted way too much time on trying to get this product to work with my Vista PC . I downloaded the Vista drivers and software but the best I could do was capture about 20 minutes of a 60 minute VCR tape and then the software froze . Vista then went to blue screen but luckily came back after a reboot . I tried to contact support via email 3 times with no reply . Part of my job includes installing software and drivers , so this should have been a simple operation for me . I am now going to try the DIAMOND One Touch Video Capture VC500 . Wish me luck !!!
 Horrible software - what looks like an easy plug and play product ended up being buggy and unable to deliver anything . After multiple discussions with their tech support -LRB- friendly yet ineffectual -RRB- , numerous re-installs and upgrades , the product still would n't work , leading once to a total crash of my system . Tech help seems to read out of a training manual , rather than actually communicate solutions - it would have been nice to hear them say something like
 Having installed and used one of these on someone else 's computer -LRB- a Windows XP box -RRB- , I figured that it would be a good idea to get one for myself.According to Pinnacle , the BETA patch -LRB- mind you , it 's BETA -RRB- is supposed to make this device work with Windows Vista.Well , this experienced computer user has thrown in the towel with this product because getting the software installed on my Vista machine is impossible ... setup crashes right before install completion . And getting the remnants of the software is a nightmare.Although it 's possible that Pinnacle will figure out a patch that works on ALL Vista machines , I 'm not going to wait . Looks like I 'll be returning this for a refund .
 It 's not working with my Toshiba Tecra M2 laptop -- it keeps wanting an update to my video driver that does n't exist .
 Bought it , spend HOURS on the phone with tech support and still ca n't get it to work . Waste of money
 I does kind of work . It is not really combatible with vista . After attempting to load the software numerous times I gave up . The supposed `` patch '' download on the pinnacle web site is incredibly hard to locate as there are numerous other options and fixes that do n't pertain to my operating system . The direct to dvd burning software that came with it does work though . It 's OK if all you want to do is copy vhsc direct to dvd with no editing .
 ... Because you are actually rating two separate components
 Originally I bought this for an XP machine that was fried shortly thereafter . When I got my new laptop with VISTA recently I thought I 'd use the Instant DVD Recorder with that . I spent two days trying to figure out just which patches I needed - the site is confusing , their product names seem to be inconsistent , and there are way too many to sort through easily . Once I picked out what I needed , each patch/update took hours on a 2.0 ghz desktop with broadband - I did n't dare try on my laptop , which is slower.The updates and patch seemed to install correctly on the laptop , everything looked deceptively efficient , until I tried to transfer from a home-recorded tape on the vcr to a dvd , and Instant DVD Recorder software froze the video twice on two tries.I 'm thinking there might well be a setting I could alter , but that 's the next story ... Ok , bad enough , but then try to get help ? The manuals on line are split into chapters and download even slower than the updates . I waded through as many unhelpful windows as I could stand , then tried writing for email support . After filling out the form I was invited to create an account -LRB- no SEND button -RRB- , filled out another form -LRB- still no SEND button -RRB- and got the response `` There is already an account for this email address '' -LRB- STILL no SEND button -RRB- . Is this just Pinnacle giving me the middle digit ???? I submitted a request for a password reminder and was told that tech support and two other areas required `` separate '' passwords . Just who are these monkeys?So , try it , but keep the receipt and return it promptly if it does n't work for you . I hope it does work for you , I wish it would for me , or that I could get some help .
 I purchased the Dazzle DVC90 and Pinnacle Studio Plus 10 . I have a fast computer -LRB- Core2 CPU 2.13 GHz , 2 GB memory , raid drive -RRB- and the latest XP updates . There were multiple problems with Pinnacle 's installs , patches , drivers . With Pinnacle 's support I did numerous installs , manual software deletes , registration deletes , Windows Installer Cleanups , and uninstalls . It took me days to get the Dazzle to work . One final problem was the need to turn the sound off on the source camcorder.The Pinnacle Studio Plus v10 software is also a disappointment . I have yet to be able to burn a DVD ! I was forced to buy a $ 5 update just to read a common MPEG2 file . Silly ! And I have entered about 6 long registration codes . Too much ! And why the heck do the product designers have to use their own unique icons for opening a directory , browsing , etc ? This need to be different only makes the learning curver sharper . Not too smart ! Big designer egos and bad design .
 This was really complicated for a person with my computer skills -LRB- not very technical -RRB- . I finally got some progress , but then gave up on it . There are better ways to copy tapes to DVDs . Do n't get this .
 I have old VCR tapes that I wanted to convert to my hard drive . I bought two Pinnacle products within two weeks and they were worthless . The customer support is just as worthless as the product . Please ... Please do n't waist your time or money with these devices it will only add to your frustration . I even tried to download updated drivers from their website and it installed some 3rd party driver detection software that tried to make me pay for it . During this rough economy this is one of those companies that need to go out of business .
 I have a newer Vista-based PC and downloaded the latest software `` patches ' from Pinnacle -LRB- 330MB worth ! -RRB- . The `` patches '' install fine and everything appears to work . Tha hardware supplied works as advertised . It 's the software that 's questionable.Instant DVD Recorder works , although it 's limited in what it allows you to do as far as themes and menus go . I can get it to crash reliably when using a certain supplied background music piece . This results in wasted time and a wasted DVD . The version of Studio supplied is a joke . From poor documentation -LRB- or maybe the program just does n't do what it 's supposed to do -RRB- to a poor user interface to amateurish themes , it 's not worth the trouble . Windows Movie Maker + DVD Maker works a lot better .
 Three days , hours of installation efforts , and still not there ! And that was with support . And did I tell you that I am pretty good with the computer?If you have Vista , stop right now ! The version that ships does NOT have Vista compatible editing software . You can install and record directly to DVD , but you ca n't edit without the incompatible software.The software update is available for download -LRB- 1.4 GB -RRB- , but mine was corrupted twice using their file manager . I downloaded directly , and that file was fine ... except their own Vista FAQ points to the wrong file , so I had to download a fourth 1.4 GB file.I also had to uninstall , use a registry deletion tool , and then discover that the serial number failed.So , be very careful ! It is not as simple as you think , especially with Vista !
 The promotional material states that Namo is a good product for both novices and professional web page designers . Well , I am a novice and it is greatly lacking in help for the unschooled user . There is no program-based tutorial . The web page help appears to be populated by experienced designers . What 's more , there is no traditional book available for those who order the download version . I am an experienced computer user and have actually designed web pages already , but wanted something to make it real easy . this may be that , but I think you need to be at a higher level before you can use Namo . You need to have a good working knowledge of web page design terminology to use it.Most software that you buy lets you starts from scratch . Not Namo .
 I have mixed feelings about this product . It 's a computerized flash card system which is fine . I question though , the value of the words they incorporated and ask me to learn . Do I really need to learn the French word for bumble bee ? Giraffe ? I feel more thought should have gone into selecting the words to learn to make this more practical .
 I had a pretty bad experience with this company and their product . I was told it was mac compatible and it was not . Unless you were running an ancient version of the mac platform . They knew that and every time I called for help they never said anything to me about it . It was always something I was supposedly doing wrong . By no means am I a computer specialist but I am well verse in some major leading software titles . It was n't until I called the better business bureau , that I finally got somewhere with them . They would n't fully refund me , but they gave me partial money back . I was just so happy not to deal with them anymore . The owner of the company was very nasty and rude . His product almost cost me a good portion of my business . His software kept closing out on me -LRB- obviously without saving -RRB- so a lot of the accounts were losing their payment information . We did n't know who paid for what month , when or how much . There was no way to keep track . Good thing I continued to work on the paper system as a backup . Every time I would back up the software it would loose files . So when you opened the software again , you would have to check every account to see where other information was lost . I sent my back-up cd 's to their customer service and their employee said straight out `` this program does not have the update to run on your mac , filemaker pro is what the program is based on it 's about 3 versions older than any mac sold today '' . Just save yourself the time and aggravation . Look into other companies .
 I have had an absolutely horrible experience all around with this software.First let 's start with the customer service . If you ever try to call , the ONLY way you can get through is if you press the number saying you wish to BUY the product . However , if you ever need help or customer service it is IMPOSSIBLE to reach anyone . I went weeks without call backs or being able to get through to anyone , so I finally looked them up on the BBS website and it turns out they have been turned in several times , and the owners number on there was disconnected.The software itself is terrible . It never works right , the costume modules is difficult to use , and at the end of every month , it never updates all the accounts right . I would have to go through and create the billing statements for EVERY SINGLE CLASS . The late fee option never worked right , and all around , the program was just old , outdated , and always had something wrong with it . WORST 400.00 I have ever spent . I am switching to Mind Body or Studio Director so I can log on wherever I want from ANY computer . Parents can pay enroll and also pay online , and that alone is worth 40 bucks a month verses the crap I had to put up with , with this software and company . I am telling you DO NOT USE THIS PROGRAM it is such a pain and hassle to even mess with . Save your money !!!!!!
 If you are trying to brush up on your high school physics , this game is for you !!! Otherwise , do n't waste your money .
 `` Genius '' is an educational simulation game , where you 're building an industrial complex -- plop down factories , roads , houses , fire departments and such . As the game progresses , you complete physics puzzles to obtain new technologies and product improvements . You subscribe to newspapers , which contain answers to some questions and the knowledge or equations needed to solve others.The physics problems are entertaining , well designed , well documented , implemented excellently , and can be quite fun . They are presented as problems you encounter during business operation , for example while developing a new product . All of the information you need is provided . The game will appeal to children 8 & up , but these physics problems are more like age 16 & up because they require high school math . So , children & youths may need help from a parent who remembers algebra and preferably physics -- yikes ! Some of the questions are easy & fun . Some require you to be comfortable with algebra , converting between units , and applying formulae . A few are very difficult . Fortunately , the questions are the same each time , so after figuring out the answers , you can write them down & just enter the answers next time . Sometimes the game even gives you the correct answer after it is too late , so you can write it down for next time . Unfortunately , I ca n't find a cheat sheet list of answers on the web -- too bad , this would really help . The level of difficulty of these questions is n't a problem , just be warned.The simulation side of the game is suffers in comparison . The industrial simulation controls are poorly documented . What each building does and when/why/where it is appropriate/inappropriate and how to run the game is somewhat of a mystery . There 's no way to figure out whether building something will be good or bad except trial and error -- logic does n't always help . Bad decisions spiral out of control , seem to lead inevitably to bankruptcy . Unfortunately , wrong answers on the physics problems can have the same effect . There is a `` statistics '' report that is supposed to give feedback on whether your company is making or loosing money , but this form does n't have enough information.So , expect some trial & error , some frustration , some algebra , some physics , & some reading through magazines looking for obscure clues . `` Genius '' can be really fun , but could use some interface improvements . Highly recommended for anyone taking physics in high school or college .
 Game sounded good but have not been able to play it . Bought it for my kids for Christmas and installed on two computers . I 'm having serious video problems on both machines that render the game unplayable . Called Viva Media and got a message telling me the best way to get support was by email . I have emailed their tech support 3 times since December 29th -LRB- today is Feb 5 -RRB- and have received only automated responses that tell me to be patient . Well , we are working on week six ... I am very computer literate and a bit of a computer nerd and rarely do I need tech support as I am able to resolve problems on my own . If you buy this game I hope you have better luck than we have .
 I would be wary of buying this item . It would not run on a Vista machine that I have , but ran ok on a XP box . This is a little to complicated for young children -LRB- under 10 -RRB-
 Unable to install this program on vista laptop or xp desktop . German documentation offered little recourse other than return CD which I did .
 Maybe it is because I have spent much of my working life training people to work using a computer that I dislike this package so much . It is very superficial training for a new person . There is no training by actually doing outside of minimal entries in answer to a queston . One certainly does not feel `` educated '' after completing the course . Many aspects are ignored and there is no manual to use to pursue a greater understanding of what is not covered .
 When i ordered this product , I was under the assumption that it was the most up-to-date `` professor teaches '' series of dvd/cd ' . Nowhere in the ad or in the picture is it made clear that this product is from 2002 . No complaints about shipping as it was on time ; or condition , as it was fine . I wanted this product , as I am trying to get ahead of the administrative curve . Seeing as these training programs are from 2002 , I think its pretty obvious that they are of no use to me . VERY DISAPPOINTED .
 ... then this is a software package for you.if however , you are not a helpless mush-brained yuppie spawn and are aquainted with such complexities as cleaning your air filter or properly inflating your tires DO N'T SPEND YOUR HARD EARNED SHECKLES - you ca n't return opened software.the vehicle rating system is quite limited in scope , providing only an overall rating from 1-9 . 1-9 what ? it is also limited in range . when i tried looking up info on a chevy monte carlo , i found it must have been too `` exotic '' to make the list.much better and much more detailed info is available on the web.likewise , the calculators are very simplistic . if you took any math in high school you can do this yourself with a $ 1.98 calculator.as far as the servicing info - if you do n't already know to change your car 's oil every 3000 miles - pull over and start taking the bus . NOW !! if you 're serious about car repair and you need to track that chugging problem to a mass airflow sensor , or you need to find out how to quiet a chattering valve or slapping piston you would be much be better served by obtaining a Haynes or Chiltons service book at AMAZON 's usual bargain price.you 're probably saying `` what did you expect for $ 24.99 ? '' . more than this . i guess people who read motor trend these days just drive the cars and pay -LRB- and pay -RRB- another to dirty their hands . and another trait of americana fades towards antiquity as we reach for the remote control ...
 I am sitting here in a very frustrated state of mind . I have McAfee which has allowed a virus , Downloader AWX , to break into a file and I can locate no technical support . Their 1-800 is closed all weekend and today is Saturday . When their office is open it is virtually impossible to speak to a person.This is the second time I have sought support and could locate none . Their website is completely non-user-friendly . It is totally hostile ! They have many boxes of choices , selections and questions -- you feel you have to tackle 50 quarterbacks to get past go.I do not want to have anything to do with this backward peration again.This may be last thing I write for a long time as this computeris going haywire .
 I have used McAfee for several years and was a happy customer , until this release . I updated to this version , 5.13 , from a 4.X version , prior to doing so I had no problems . Since upgrading to the new version I have had nothing but head aches , first came the trouble uninstalling the old version and installing this version ... the new version only partly installed and I had to manually remove all the registry entries to get the system cleaned up . Then I 've experienced freezes while connected to the internet , and the problem yet to be resolved is that my system freezes when ever I try to shut down my computer . This is a VERY unstable release and I 'm currently leaning towards demanding a refund and seeking a new product unless their tech support comes up with some sort of surprise fix for these problems . My suggestion , if you have a 4.0 release . . just stick with updateing the dat files DO N'T upgrade to the new version .
 I have used McAfee for several years with no problem , but this version is poorly done . First it failed to completely remove my old version . After I finally got it working it fails to pick up the test virus and that bothers me . Then I find out I have to call customer support to get a password to download the current version because the one I installed is already outdated . now I ca n't get customer service to answer . I bought it , ignoring the bad reviews and got burned . It 's your choice now .
 TERRIBLE - My computer worked fine until I downloaded this . Once in it continually froze my computer . Had to restart . Even when I put the computer to sleep when I would go to start it up it was frozen . Finally I uninstalled it and no problems since.In addition while installed it slowed my computer down in all areas .
 I purchased this product based on the glowing reviews given below . Before you make a similar decision check the reviews for the product below it in the amazon catalog . It installed with no problems but when I did a scan for the first time the computer crashed like a Concorde with Firestone tires . I could not reboot the computer until I started it in the Safe Mode and removed the McAfee VirusScan 5.0 Deluxe . The OS is WME . After this misadventure I considered Norton but there is a mix of raves and rants over their product . Unless you are unusually virus prone , my advice , for what 's it 's worth , is to wait until McAfee , Norton , or whoever , devises an Anti Virus software packages that works with WME . The cure is worse than the disease . When scanning incoming mail just remember what your Mama told you `` Never take candy from strangers . ''
 When McAfee VirusScan crashes my system , their tech support has two suggestions
 I have yet to install a McAfee product that did n't replace important system files , rendering my computer or some component on it inoperable . I have had several McAfee products but will have no more .
 I 've had problems with this stupid company for years . Now ... I 'm still having problems . First of all i had major registry problems with virusscan 4.x , then i had to buy a `` software maintanance plan '' to upgrade to virusscan 5.1 . Then the maintanance program installer was corrupted . And I could not re-download it again , I had to call tech-support and beg them to let me download the file i had already purchased . Then when i installed the maintanance plan program -LRB- finally -RRB- i got a blue screen crash upon restart . When i restarted , my PC locked up again , so i had to restart AGAIN , and it locked up AGAIN , and i restarted AGAIN , then it finally started up . I upgraded to 5.1 -LRB- A big no-no -RRB- Upon restarting after installation , my PC locked up AGAIN . Then the program kept disabling itself . I called tech support , and they told me , sigh , to edit my registry , which never works . I did as they told me so , and the program started to work fine , until my internet browser started to lock-up . And this thing called `` Safe and sound '' magically appeared on my PC and started to take up disk space . AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 Cuando compr&eacute; el producto no sab&iacute;a nada sobre el servicio al cliente de Mcafee . El resultado fue que ten&iacute;a un antivirus que no se pod&iacute;a actualizar .
 Do n't waste your money or time !!! I have been creating dvd slideshows for Christmas presents for years using Microsoft 's Photostory . -LRB- I had to use a different program to burn the slide show to a DVD -RRB- Unfortunately , Microsoft discontinued support of their product , so I purchased this product . It is very easy to add pictures to the slide show , but that is where it ends . The program uses 99 % of my CPU , as a result , my computer would freeze up constantly -LRB- 2.6 GHz XP w / 2 gig ram -RRB- . There is not an easy way to save your work , so everytime my computer would crash , I lost all of the work I had done . Finally after completing the slideshow it would NOT burn to DVD or the computer - the program would freeze `` trancoding '' the slideshow . Obviously , my children 's grandparents will not be receiving their DVD copy this year and I will have to start from scratch after Christmas with a different program .
 I have to say I did n't buy this on Amazon ... we bought it at a Big Box Electronics Store and are sorry we ever wasted our time or money on it!This product comes with very vague brief instructions . We got the slideshow made rather easily but after fighting the program for many hours , we never could burn our slideshow to a DVD that would play on our DVD player & TV . Good thing the program was only $ 20 ! We wound up copying it to a CD to be played on a computer , but could not ever get it to work as advertised . Funny , the manufacturer had no page about this product on their company website . I guess they know it 's a dud !
 I was disappointed that while one can do pan and zoom on images , one CAN NOT create MPEGs or WMVs . One can only write to a CD ... This makes combining this tool with others that handle video a real pain . Also , the GUI is very restrictive . Not a great product . So , while I only spent $ 20 for it , it did not meet my needs , and I would n't recommend it .
 I purchased the Slideshow Expressions at Office Depot , mainly for the low price -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- and because it seemed like it would be easy to use . It is very easy to use and create a slideshow , but that 's as far as it goes . When I tried to burn to DVD , it crashed and erased all my work.It has some nice transitions , but you ca n't specify a particular transition for a particular slide - it changes every time you play the review . The special effects are limited to zoom and pan . The instructions are very vague and help files are non-existant . Customer support online is marginal at best . If you just want to create slideshows for yourself and watch them only on your computer in the `` review '' mode , this program is OK . But if you are looking to burn DVD 's to share with friends or family , do n't waste your time or money - look for a better program . I 'm am going to upgrade to Poloroid My Memories Suite - it 's three times the cost , but according to the reviews I have read , well worth the price .
 Yeah , it 's easy to use and the slideshows look ok on the computer , but that 's the most I ever got out of it . When I tried to burn any slideshow of any size -LRB- even a test slideshow with only one picture -RRB- it would tell me that the slideshow does n't fit onto the dvd . Customer support was unhelpful and eventually stopped responding to my husband 's emails . In the end I 've spent tons of time creating slideshows that no one will ever see . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I bought this software at Office Depot thinking it was best of its kind there , and was extremely disappointed and frustrated.I bought this software primarily because of its claim to convert existing Powerpoint files to a DVD ready disc very easily and with professional results . It did neither . The software had some trouble converting the Powerpoint file and ca n't even properly convert to a DVD format and burn on to a DVD disc . The software had very little , if any , tech support.I later found out there were many other software programs that could a much better job and a fraction of its price . I highly would not recommend this item , do n't waste your money like I did .
 This software took over all my photo apps . Could not open photos sent by email any more . I was working on a slide show for my mother 's furneral and people were sending my pictures via email that were completely blocked . I could n't get help in time from the tech support offered by the company because they do email and first response time is 48 hours . I called my internet provider and they helped me open the email photos in a their email . The the online trouble shooting from SlideShow Expressions said to disable your internet security software if you are having trouble . I run a very reputable security product - - Norton.In addition , when I previewed the dvd the music would not fit to disc but ran about a minute past the slides . It did n't matter though because the slideshow would not copy to disc anyway.I 've been working with photos and doing slideshows for years . Never have I had such troublesome issues . Do yourself a favor , DO NOT BUY . I ended up using my old came-with-computer slideshow software . The only reason I rated this item one star is because the review would n't accept 0 stars .
 I just spent a total of 14 hours going through thousands of pictures and finally uploading 70 pictures for a slideshow , I went to save the project , and it saved only 18 . So the hours of sorting and selecting photos as well as uploading them was all wasted , along with the money I paid for this worthless software . I tried uploading more pics again this morning , froze my computer and got the dreaded blue screen serious error message . Please look somewhere else for slideshow fun , this product has made me age 10 years and is hands down the worst purchase I have made in years , and that says alot , cause I buy alot of c-r-a-p !!!!!!!
 I bought this software to design a garage blueprint to be submitted to the local building inspection department hoping to get a permit to build this garage . It takes about 20 hours with many restarts to completly master the basics of this program enough be ready to print out an asthetically acceptable rendering , proportionatly drawn to the specifications just to find out that when the drawing is printed that the foundation can not be printed at all and that 25 % of the drawing which is on the computer screen is to lightly printed to be seen with no options to make the program print bolder lines . Needless to say the county rejected my blueprints and sent me back to the drawing board . Now heres the kicker ... I contact Punch to return the software within about 10 days of purchase and they send me an e-mail stating that it can not be returned . This is not the first punch program or designing program I have ever used , nor is it the worst I have ever used ... but I think that the ad hype for this program is deceptive and that their tactic maybe illegal in the USA . This remains to be seen . My only hope is that you will read this review and make a better choice than I did .
 Very dissapointed ! Do n't buy this program if you intend to design a new home . There are many aspects that are sorely lacking , for the price you pay . You can not draw footings ! This is your starting point for a house . You ca n't draw interior basement walls ... it will kick you into the floor plan section thinking your drawing a interior wall ! You ca n't install plumbing fixtures in the basement ! Such as a water heater , shower , or a sink ... it kicks you into the floor plan again.This company should be sued under class action . `` Home Design '' , I do n't think so , If you intend to have a basement your screwed .
 As a preface , I 'm a 20-year computer professional , a PC hobbyist and a reasonably bright person . Except for this product I have NEVER had a problem picking up software and making it reasonable useful within a very short amount of time . I had the AS18 version for months and was more than frustrated by it but decided that perhaps a less limited version was needed so I upgraded to 4000 . That was bad choice number 2 ; number 2 in more ways than one . If you use any of the power tools God help you to try to put everything on the same level , wall drawing , stairs , floor cutouts , everything . The wizards all seem to be traps that will make you find new curse words . The Room Wizard starts off great until you send it to your drawing . Walls , rooms , floors , doors are all at different elevations so you start the tedious process of getting the lawn out of your living room or hallway and then loads of other stuff gets all out of whack . I really have to wonder what is up with the good reviews of this product that are listed here . Tutorials and documentation are a pure waste of time as well . Fool me once shame on you , fool me twice shame on me ...
 for the most simplistic designs it 's OK , but I tried to design a kitchen island with a sink in it and it quickly ran into limitations . The program would refuse to place a kitchen sink in an island . I ran into more frustrations , like positioning cabinets and limited choice of them as well . I stopped using the software within two weeks because of excessive amount of time it required to accomplish simple things . As a software developer myself , I 'm used to cracking new software pretty easily , but with this opus by Punch ! , I had to search for videos online , try to use the built-in help that sucks -LRB- no real help beyond trivial cases -RRB- , overall , feels like a licensed 3D game engine with a number of half-baked additions and a lot of marketing hype . After two years of not using the software , I picked it up from the shelf since I wanted to create a house blueprints for construction permit , just to find out that for the full-size blueprints , you have to order those online and they will be `` shipped directly to you '' . Continues the `` bait and switch '' tactics , you never know what you get until you paid and then it 's too late to complain . I blame myself and write review to warn the others .
 Punch is not really useful for anything than a very rough mock-up of a home , and even then it is buggy and slow . For example , it is possible to crash the software and get your model into a state where you ca n't edit it by putting in small wall segments on the outer edge of the house -LRB- while outlining the basic shape -RRB- . It has a very slow refresh when any amount of design information is entered , so that it takes forever to redraw the screen -LRB- this is on a quad core i9 -RRB- . The floor height settings are broken , if you put in a certain height , add a few walls , and then change the height , you are out of luck - time to start over from scratch.Overall , this is little more than somebody 's buggy pet project . Do n't touch it with a ten foot framing beam .
 This is my second try with Punch this time buying the 4000 series which at the time was second from the top of the line . It has the same problems as all the rest of their products ! It 's incredibly slow !!!! My machines -LRB- fast ones < quad core > -RRB- all bogg down to almost a stop when it loads and every time you try to move something , sometimes I 'll just go get coffee while I wait . It crash 's constantly on Windows 7 and Vista even on XP Pro . If you 're trying to build a house the contractor will have it built before you get the design completed . As for customer service THERE IS NONE ! Thats right , when you buy this you 'll never get help except from others online with the same problems and there are a lot of them ! I 've run several kinds of CAD ware and this is the worst . I 'm looking for a real one now.DON ' T BUY
 This is not the software you want if you need detailed or professional plans.For general layout or landscaping it is `` ok '' . While it has support for details of foundation , piers and beams but lacks support for electrical and plumbing other then placement of basic fixtures.The software has no support for importing or exporting any other drafting formats .
 DVD would not boot . Punch did not even reply to a request for a replacement.It might be a good program but I will never know .
 I have been using AutoCAD for 15 years and I ca n't believe how difficult Punch -LSB- ... -RSB- 4000 is to use . There seems to be no logic to the way this software works . It seems to be great when you look at the pictures on the box , but it does n't tell you that most objects and items on the box are custom creations - beds , lighting fixtures , etc. . The ones that come in the software are cheesy and unrealistic . If you are adding on to an existing home , custom roof lines or gables are impossible and the video tutorials are useless . All in all , a waste of money and the time to install it .
 I had already owned the Professional Home Design and was never able to master it . Then came along the 4000 series and based on advertising claims it sounded like it would be more user friendly . WRONG . I purchased the 4000 as an upgrade which still cost over $ 100 and that was through on-line download . This is the hardest , most confusing and disapointing software I have ever tryed to use . My background is computer software training , and I could not come close to figuring out this software . The written/text support is vague and does very little to help you navigate the program . Between the 2 softwares , I am out about $ 300 . The worst freeware has to be better then Punch ! Software .
 The limitations of the software make it useless to a professional and its complexity make it useless to the average user .
 I reviewed this software when a client of mine showed me his attempt to design his own house addition . The only thing this did for him was lock his mind into something that really did n't work as well as other options which I offered later . I hate to see people thinking that a program like this is like a designer standing next to them , which is how they promote it . If you 're going to invest all that money in your house , why would you let an amateur design it ?
 As of last year , DAZ 3D , the company which develops the Bryce software , has offered Bryce 5.5 online as a free download . There is no need to buy the software unless you are particularly interested in having the CD/retail box , or if you want the newer version -LRB- Bryce 6.1 as of this posting , which should be purchased directly from DAZ 's website -RRB- . This item is not even the newest version.If you would like to download Bryce 5.5 , search for it on Cnet 's download.comAt any rate , it 's great software for the beginner 3D artist , and I would highly recommend it to anyone who wishes to make quick and simple 3D models .
 The manufacture claims that this program is built for OS x ; however , this is very misleading . The pogram can not be installed under os x at all but only under os 9.2 . Worse , after installation , ACDsee 1.6 reset my computer to start in os 9.2 mode . In order for it to act like an os x program , ACDsee 1.6 has to be dragged out to the dock so that it would give a pseudo os x feeling with the os x window around it when started . I have ACDsee 1.5 version and this ACDsee 1.6 version acts just like 1.5 version . -LRB- still fuzzy thumbnails -RRB- . This is not built for OS X like manufacture claims . This program wasted my time and money !
 Actually , I do n't know what problem -LRB- s -RRB- the above user -LRB- A software user from Manhattan Beach , CA USA -RRB- is talking about on the OS X installation issue . ACDSee 1.6 does install and operate under OS X and does not revert in any way.That having been said , it is without a doubt the worst application of its kind available today . The UI is horrendous and will make you need glasses if you do n't already . Also it lacks many features of its Windows counterpart , which is actually quite good . The bottomline is that I think ACD Systems wanted to claim cross-platform compatability , but this product makes them look like fools.Do not buy it under any circumstances !
 The program is buggy even after a year and is generally a waste of money if you already own an earlier version . For example , if columns of data are transferred from a spreadsheet into the program , longer columns tend to shift to the left to fill up shorter columns that occurred earlier in the spreadsheet . The programmers are aware of this but apparently do not consider it worth correcting . Also , technical support for more complex technical issues is not actually provided by Mathsoft ; they simply email the company that wrote the program and when they get a response forward it on . Our lab has reverted back to version 6 to avoid the problems that we had with version 7 .
 The program is buggy . It offers no real advantage over version 6 .
 Axum is being phased out and replaced by SPlus for Windows . The makers of SPlus tell me it will read Axum files , but I have not tried it myself .
 Prosoft products are just useless crapware , I 've tried them all and they do n't work , they are completely unessessary . Leopard has all these features and unlike prosofts cheap crapware copies Leopards utilities actually work perfectly making this box of crapware unneeded and just a money grab . Prosoft sucks , plus be expexting to buy all this crapware over again 2 months after purchase when you ca n't update it and prosoft sticks a 2 in the title of this product and charges you full price again . Garbage !
 I bought this thinking it will help me do taxes for Multiple states . I have to shell out -LSB- money -RSB- for the second state and even after that my software is showing only one state . I have spent half a day asking for help . The help person is asking me to do the download again by paying -LSB- more money -RSB- and has no idea about the 800 number from where you have to buy the code to enable another disk.I could have done the taxes manually much sooner .
 Product ad does not say which states . Why buy ??
 Some may find spending extra for a feature that is amply provided in the Turbo Tax programs to be worthwhile . I have used the Tax program since it started -LRB- before state tax packages -RRB- , and was pleased when they added the state . Turbo Tax did have an error in the Ohio `` transfer '' last year , but I notified them of it and they issued a revised copy . I just do n't know what this program does that makes it worth while -- as good as it may be standing alone .
 I love Turbo Tax . I use it every year . I get a certain perversive pleasure from doing my taxes.It is not extremely clear here . . but all this item does is let you load ONE state 's tax forms on to your computer . You can just as easily -- no wait ... MUCH more easily -- just download the program for the same -LRB- or a lower , if you look around -RRB- price and without the postage or the wait . I have to file in more than one state , so I took a chance on this product letting you utilize forms from multiple states , as its title and description seem to imply . But I was wrong.ADDENDUM
 TurboTax `` MultiState '' is a rip off ! I bought it because I had to file state tax in more than one state . But it only allows access to one state , despite its name ! Even the box does n't claim it 's `` multistate . '' I first thought Amazon.com had sent the wrong product , but apparently Intuit does n't offer a true `` multistate '' product .
 It 's not clear from the Amazon `` ad '' that the multi-state version can only be used for a SINGLE state unless you call and pay an additional $ 19.95 to get an authorization code for each additional state that you need . I paid more for this package than for the federal version because I thought I would have access to all the states that I needed . Very misleading !! I have n't actually used the software yet , so I ca n't comment on its features .
 CALL YOUR LOCAL TAX DEPARTMENT IF YOU HAVE PROBLEMS WITH ERROR MESSAGES , INSTEAD OF CALLING INTUIT TECH SUPPORT!I live in New Jersey and worked in New York . Like many people here , I was forced to collect unemployment after 9/11 . TurboTax State took my NY total income and tried to use it in my NJ return which created errors . Then the real nightmare began : Intuit has an online chat tech support . After 45 minutes of very slow communication , they referred me to phone support . To do this , you need to register with Intuit on-line and they give you a pin number and a phone number to call . The phone number is in Arizona ! Over an hour after I called , tech support said they could n't fix it either and told me to call my local tax office.NJ tax office gave me a fix for the program immediately
 We did n't realize that this program would n't work on newer versions of Windows . So it does n't work on our system . I 'm sure that was my fault not the sellers . It must have been listed on the description . But we ca n't use it .
 I remember useing this in the first grade and was a freaking pro at it . But It didnt work on my computer Some where I rade that a windows 2000 would of been great But it wasnt . whatever 25 buck for nothing
 I was totally unhappy with my purchase of Mario Teaches Typing 2 from Amazon . Although my computer was able to support the software , I was not able to load it , and therefore have n't used it . I feel like I threw $ 28 in the trash !
 This is to all the people who actually thinking that if you buy this program it 's the `` easy way '' to break into the gaming industry . I mean ... get real this kit comes with everything set up for you and no code implementation is necessary . Well WAKE UP AND SMELL THE COFFEE ! . In the gaming industry if you want to actually be a game programmer you 're going to have to face reality , because nothing is , `` set up '' , for you and the people in the industry will want you to program GREAT games from SCRATCH . I advise if you save your money and buy `` C++ How to Program -LRB- 4th Edition -RRB- `` by Harvey M. Deitel , Paul J. Deitel . it 's not focused on games but hey ! it 's a solid start .
 I upgraded from Wordperfect Office 12 to X3 , but have returned the upgrade to Wordperfect . The much touted ability to import PDF files is so poorly implemented that it is all but unusable . In addition , the Wordperfect Mail component will not load data files while my antivirus -LRB- ZoneAlarm -RRB- is running in the background . Corel Technical Support takes no responsibility for the incompatability . Do not upgrade unless these issues are addressed .
 In reality , the rating should be 0 stars.I upgraded from Version 8 to Version 12 November 2004 . I have suffered from major frustration -LRB- I am practically bald from pulling out my hair -RRB- since then and have wondered why oh why did I upgrade . I started using WordPerfect in 1986 and QuattroPro in 1992 -LRB- having become an adept Lotus user -RRB- because it came with the WordPerfect upgrade I purchased that year . I loved QP . Given a chance , I would rave about QP . I thought it was the best thing since life 's bread when it came to workbooks software . With V8 I ran into a crashing problem that I soon correlated with the autobackup feature -- if I touched a key after the autoB/U process started it would be interrupted , the next time I made a property change -LRB- before the next autoB/U -RRB- , QP would crash on me . It was easy to know if QP was performing an autoB/U because there was a `` meterbar '' in the lower right corner -LRB- it would stop if a keystroke was made during its progress -RRB- . One of the most frustrating problems I have had with both V12 and X3 is using my V8 workbooks in the new versions , particularly my macros.I prepare permit applications routinely and have had a workbook set up with all the various forms required for the application and macros to print the forms and back up calculations . Each form and table has a `` Named Setting '' in the Print dialog box . When I use -LCB- Preview -RCB- in my print macros , the preview I get is reduced to illegible sizes and that is despite the fact my macro has a scaling code line in it . If I do not use -LCB- Preview -RCB- but go right to -LCB- PRint.DoPrint -RCB- , it will print just fine , but that becomes a major waste of paper . Here are just a few of the aggravations I have found with the V12 and X3 versions of QP . And , by the way , I am converting over to Excel -LRB- which I have had to learn to interface with some clients -RRB- , despite missing some very handy features that QP has and Excel does not , at least it does not crash and burn like QP does . I started converting over to Excel after I could not open a QP worksheet I had put more than 20 hours of work into.OK ... QP aggravations ----- The `` Selection '' option in the Print Dialog box is no longer the default , so after making changes and going to print again without blocking the cells you want to print , if you fail to stop and click the `` Selection '' radio button , the whole worksheet prints , not just the cells you want . -- The `` Margin '' settings will not take three decimal places and if you do not type it as `` x.xx in '' , but just the measurement you want , it will not take . -- You can no longer set margins while in the `` Preview '' mode , you must close the `` Preview '' and go back to the `` Page Setup '' button in the Printer Dialog box . Oh yes , you can go through the motions of changing the margin settings , but they do not take . -- The scaling feature does not always hold . -- The `` Named Settings '' does not work as efficiently as it did in V8 , or at all , really , especially in macros . -- When you use cell names in formulas or concactenated expressions frequently another cell name appears when next you open the workbook . Sometimes it still has the same value or text you wanted and sometimes it does not . -- Font settings will change by themselves , particularly after closing a workbook and re-opening it . -- There is no longer a `` meter '' for the autoB/U so you do not have a clue that it is in progress . -- If you make a mistake in typing a function and press enter before you realize it , you are not allowed to correct . And that really is not a good description of what happens . But , it is beyond aggravating . -- Compatability with V8 workbooks sucks ... if you have a * . qpw file open and try to open a * . wb3 file , or vice versus , QP crashes and burns . I have learned the hard way , close all * . qpw files , open the * . wb3 file , save it as a * . qpw file , then go back and open the other * . qpw files you were using . Oh , and if the * . wb3 file you just converted has any linked files , you need to open all of them and save them as * . qpw files . -- WPX3 will not print to Nuance 's PDF Professional 's `` pdf printer '' properly , which is how I convert all files to pdf copies . So , not only does WPX3 's pdf converter suck , it will not work with one I have that EVERYTHING else works with , even QPX3 . -- But , I have found a use for WPX3 . WP12 will not insert * . jpg , * . gif , or other graphics files properly -LRB- except wpg graphics -RRB- , but , WPX3 will . So , whenever I need to insert a jpg graphic into a WP12 document , I close it , open it in WPX3 , insert the graphic , then close X3 and to back to WP12 -LRB- so I can print to pdf files -RRB- to continue working on the document . Cumbersome , but not as cumbersome as opening Presentations and converting to a wpg file.Well , the list goes on ... On top of all these aggravations , I have run across only ONE new feature that I like , but does not make the upgrade worthwhile . The only feature I have found that I like is X3 's ability to open Excel files and have them look exactly as they did when they were open in Excel . But , since I am now decently proficient with Excel , I do not need to open Excel workbooks in QP.Oh , and WordPerfect V12 and X3 have their share of aggravations . The one highest on my list is the fact that I can no longer create graphics in another software , save them as * . jpg , or * . gif , or * . png and then use them in WordPerfect . I have to go through Presentations , and some quality is lost in the transition.Text art has become a major frustration . A new Text Art always has to have the rotation adjusted . If you create a Text Art , then decide to edit the text , exit and close , then decide to make another change , when you open it again for editing , it is back to the very original text , not the previously edited text.BOTTOMLINE ADVICE
 I have been a satisfied user and fan of WordPerfect since it was the leading standalone wordprocessing software . After Version 8 , however , it has been a serious disappointment . If I did n't find MS Word so much to my disliking , I would have stop upgrading WordPerfect and looked for a way to convert all my old WordPerfect files when Version 9 proved such a disappointing product.The problem is I still like the way the features of WordPerfect work . But its last three versions -- 9 , 12 and X3 -- have all been incredibly and painfully slow in loading the program and its document files , printing documents , and converting documents to pdf -LRB- an otherwise great feature -RRB- . Unless there are some real fixes in these areas soon , I 'm going to have stop using WordPerfect . Waiting for the four functions mentioned above is just too much of a time waster . Of course , that means I 'll have to convert a lot of document files to MS Word and use it often , which does not appeal to me . The way Word works is not fluid for me and very counterintuitive.It 's really a shame not to be able to recommend WordPerfect , since it has the features to be a stellar product .
 Do n't get me wrong here , I love Word Perfect and have been using it since version 6.2 a. I would never give up using Word Perfect completely , but this version just did n't run.I had decided to upgrade my old version of Office 11 to X3 because I would finally be compatible with the computers used by my college . It was a much anticipated upgrade that I was very excited about . However , it did not run on my shiny new PC , and Corel 's customer support could not find a way to avoid repeating themselves when trying to help me . In the end it never did run , and now Presentations 11 does n't work anymore and instead of importing my old macros from Quattro , it deleted them all.It 's been sent back . I have no use for software that does n't run , and little sympathy for software that kicks the older version apart and * still * does n't run . If you have version 11 , just keep it . The upgrade does n't actually work like it claimed to .
 QPX3 can not handle dialog box objects correctly . Oh sure , you can spend hours building a dialog box , and even test it OK , but if you try to go back and edit it some more the dreadfully misnamed Corel Application Recovery Manager -LRB- really a bug report gatherer -RRB- rears its ugly head . Even tabbing from one field to another in a dialog box will crash QPX3 . And worse , any time a dialog box is on screen your CPU usage pegs at 100 % until the box is closed , so even if you do manage to build something QPX3 will eat your CPU . On a laptop this just drains the battery and makes the fan kick in . There are numerous errors in the help documentation . Some are merely typos . Some things just plain do n't work , such as the INDICATE macro statement , and it is n't marked obsolete like many of the other macro statements . This is a zero star program , do n't waste your time .
 I used to love wordperfect . Now I regret using it for my PhD thesis -LRB- and spending research funds -RRB- . Ca n't handle a 100 page document with graphs -LRB- how pathetic is that -RRB- . Although they claim to have `` reveal codes '' , they are not very helpful . The program keeps crashing . Too bad you had to sink to BG 's level . Perhaps continuing an anti-BG -LRB- MS office -RRB- would be advisable.My review , ` another low for computer users.I will go to open office next . Of course I ca n't convert to open office from wordperfect -LRB- another low -RRB- . I hate wordperfect even more than MS word ... how bad is that ... I would say the ultimate in software decrecation . '
 I purchased Registry Repair and followed its installation instructions the same day only to have it create a registry error that Windows had to fix . When I attempted to delete it , the progam was already gone but a message remained stating that my 15 day free trial period was past - the program deleting itself . Tried to contact Stompsoft via its online site but it would not accept complaint messages ; tried calling their non-toll free customer support line , but got frustrated with the looong holding time ; sent Stompsoft 's president a certified , return receipt letter , but he has not accepted it . Draw your own conclusions about Registry Repair and Stompsoft .
 I was having a few registry issues with my installation of Windows XP , so I turned to a heavily rebated copy of Registry Repair . I 'm also an IT professional was appalled by how few options this program has for the management of cleaning registries.After using it , I can see why the vendor was trying to get rid of it . After running the cleaner utility , I keep getting DocumentViewer and TrayApp automatic installations popping up looking for software that 's not clearly identified anywhere . The TrayApp runs in a repeating loop . The DocumentViewer runs and tries to install everytime I run Windows Explorer to open a file.Lockups and freeze ups are even worse than before . Reinstalling Service Pack 2 as some has suggested to me does not work.The best fix for this program is not to use it .
 I have spent all day trying to undo what StompSoft did . After cleaning the registry , upon start up , Windows Installer tried to load a TrayApp and Document Viewer that it could n't find . I also received an `` unhandled exception '' in Microsoft.NetFramework . The only way to stop it was to end the programs -LRB- control alt delete -RRB- . I then spent time in msconfig and found the problem was in the start up tab . After backing up my entire system , I tried to fix the problem by restoring the registry before the `` clean up '' . That did not fix the problem . After going through almost the entire start up list I found the problem in the HP startup program . I loaded the driver disc from my HP printer and windows installer loaded the missing files . I now am free of the constant appearance of Windows Installer at startup . Hope this helps if you already have a problem . I just hope nothing else is haywire .
 Registry Repair reports all kinds of `` errors '' but a lot of the reports are bogus . Some items reported are cryptic and Registry Repair makes them look like they should be `` fixed '' . If you 're a programmer using Visual Studio , be aware that Registry Repair will destroy your project list.They say you can get a full refund , which is not true because you have to make toll calls and jump through hoops to get an RMA . How much is your time worth anyway ?
 If you are using Quickbooks , or Autocad or most likely any other application that relies heavily on registry information , be prepared to reinstall them from scratch if you allow Registry Repair to `` fix the errors '' it found . The backup & restore facility WILL NOT undo the changes made to the registry and restore it to the pre-repair condition.I have seen viruses do less damage to Windows.Do not use .
 Program has done major damage ... and company ignores request for help . I installed program in a stable 18 month old PC computer , and ran program . On rebooting , only the bios would run . Windows XP was lost ... only the bios would recycle . Tried twice to contact StompSoft -LRB- by Migo -RRB- using their format , but they have not replied . I would think the industry would come down on these makeshift companies .
 1 -RRB- When a file folder is encrypted , one can not open a single sub-folder or file without un-encrypting or de-crypting the entire folder contents which can takes well over an hour if , for example , you protect your `` My Documents '' Folder .2 -RRB- Digital Vault fails to recognize all removable drives3 -RRB- Customer Service NEVER RESPONDED to my request for help when I completed the customer service request on their web site .4 -RRB- DO NOT BUY . I wasted my time & money . Do NOT waste yours .
 If you need digital vaults , use deVault instead . In addition to compression and encryption it also has built-in categorization , revision control , easy search and retrieval options , fully automated backup and vault synchronization , email , ftp , printing , scanner and virus scan interfaces . Free for personal use , download direct from ekwintools.com
 It wo n't reliably encrypt and decrypt for me . Attempts to decrypt have resulted in the error message `` An unexpected error occurred while Decrypting -LRB- filename -RRB- . Would you like to retry ? '' Pressing Yes just sends it into infinite loop
 I used TurboTax for more than 6 years , but this is the last time . I could not import last year 's return and could get no assistance to expain why last years information could not be transferred . Only my name transferred , but nothing else . Last year everying went great -- what happenned ? This is worse than an old Turbo Tax basic that I used several years ago . The Quicken import feature was a disaster . My dependents , and all other information had to be rekeyed . This combined with no rebate , difficulty getting the state return piece and updates that were not current -- never again .
 Buyer Beware !!! Well it looks like Turbo Tax got greedy this year . Filing my taxes previously using efile cost nothing -LRB- $ 14.95 with a $ 14.95 rebate -RRB- but all that has changed . Now Turbo Tax wants $ 14.95 to efile -LRB- no rebate mentioned -RRB- and in addition a `` processing fee '' of $ 29.95 . So that 's an effective price increase of $ 45 this year to do my taxes . Wow.I 'll be printing out my taxes an snail mailing them in . A huge step backwards since I 've efiled for the past five years . I 've heard some good things about Tax Cut and will be trying it out next year . Bye bye Turbo Tax ... The program itself is pretty reliable although has become increasingly bloated with spam -LRB- upgrades and offers to get gift cards etc. -RRB- from previous years . The exorbitant fees to efile is a deal killer for me and I assume most others . Either go with Tax Cut or take the money and go to a real tax professional - you 'll be better off !
 Wo n't let you choose your depreciation life or to depreciate two separate assets within one rental property -LRB- e.g. office building and office equipment -RRB- . TaxCut does.But TurboTax supports foreign earned income - TaxCut does n't .
 I have used Turbo Tax for years and this does seem like the worst year . It takes away choice in many ways . It is hard to elect other methods than the what the program thinks is the best unless you cheat the numbers . Security transactions are difficult . Finding your way back to a specific point to check it is difficult.Printing - you either do n't print , or print pages and pages whether you need them or not . Nor does it offer options to print even and odd pages . In fact there are no page setup options.I do n't like Turbo tax , but I 'm afraid to switch - is anything else better , and by staying with this one , it imports info from last year.If you have Quicken , it imports data , but that does n't always work real well .
 TTDeluxe gets two stars because it works , but no more because of the cheap tricks intuit uses to get more money out of you . Specifically :1 . There is a $ 14.95 fee for E-filing your federal return . This is not indicated anywhere on the packaging -LRB- or it is well hidden -RRB- . There was no such fee last year for TTDeluxe , so they catch you by surprise .2 . My copy -LRB- bought at Office Depot -RRB- came with `` free '' state software . However , the E-filing is only free if you do it at the same time as the federal filing . They do n't tell you this . Also , the software only prints out the computer readable form of the state taxes . In order to check it I had to go to the state tax website and print out a copy of the forms and instructions . This makes it much more likely -LRB- as in my case -RRB- that you will file the forms seperately . Intuit should post a warning about this on the E-file page . The fact that they do n't makes it clear that they are cynically trying to squeeze you for every dime . I will use Tax Cut software next year . They even put a free version of it in PCWorld this year -LRB- with a notation in bold type that E-filing fees were extra -RRB- . Unfortunately I had already purchased TTax .
 I 've been using TurboTax for the last six years so you would guess that I had learned my lesson . When doing my 2003 taxes I was first introduced to the `` check for updates '' feature . I had made it all the way to the end but before I could finish the product insisted or should I say required that I check for updates.After much frustration and failure I finally called support and received instructions on downloading directly from the web.The next year I knew better and downloaded my updates from the web prior to even attempting my return . This time was better but still frustrating.This year 's release asks you if you want to check for updates immediately upon opening the program . This proved to be a wasted effort.Next I tried their on line support page.The only thing I learned from the web was that I was not alone in having this problem . According to their help site message board it appears that 99 % of the questions and complaints were about updating the software.Making a long story short after two hours of trying to update the software with the help of their on line support I had to call the help line . The first thing the person said was `` do you have a fire wall ? ` Duh ! Yes I do . And I have virus protection . I was advised to turn them both off . This solved most of my problem . It still took longer than it should have but at least I got it done.Why do they not tell you this in there instructions ? It would have saved me a ton of frustration . I have to say that by this time I was so annoyed I was ready to go out and buy another product.Another thing I found to be extremely annoying is that even though I had done the updates I was still instructed to check again before I could finish my return . This time I knew better and was able to by pass the option.The only good thing I can say is that once I got going it was much better than doing it by hand but I am not so sure it was worth the frustration.Here I am three days later and I finally have my return ready to mail . Next year I will be buying something different .
 For the past five years I have used TurboTax on-line to prepare our taxes . Last year , after filing our taxes , the IRS sent me a letter informing me that I was eligible for an additional refund credit . After refiguring our taxes by hand I found $ 1,700 in two credits that TurboTax failed to identify . I was able to receive $ 1,400 of this amount , but the other $ 300 would have required refilling from scratch -LRB- changing the number of dependants -RRB- . This week , after looking over previous tax years , I now find that there was an additional $ 1,009 credit on our 2002 taxes that TurboTax did not find.I can no longer trust TurboTax to manage my taxes . These were simple Earned Income Credits -LRB- EIC -RRB- and Child Tax Credits -LRB- CTC -RRB- , which TurboTax should have never missed . How can a company release tax software that does not double-check these items when there are child dependants clearly listed ? It is inexcusable.Now , they no longer offer the $ 14.95 e-file refund ? I recommend RUNNING from this Intuit TurboTax product . We will be using TaxCut instead .
 The software FORCES you to go online and get the latest that they want you to have ... any company that takes away choice is in my opinion not a good company . This would have been my third year using Turbo Tax . I am now a very happy TaxCut -LRB- H&R Block -RRB- user ... and this new program even has the ability to convert Turbo Tax info . so that I did n't have to re-enter basic info .
 constant problems with updates and mistakes . I have been using tax software since the early 90s and this is BY FAR the most problems I have ever had ! Next yr I will use a mac only product . I had to send an ammended return too ! Software chose my standard deduction over my itemized and I had to refile to get my full refund . Mac n tax was great . This company doesnt care if they get the mac market or not so I choose NOT !
 If you think you are buying a complete tax package you are not , the Premier does n't give you a whole lot more tax info , but also does n't include any state tax . It is going to cost you $ 29.95 more . Buy the cheeper Basic and Delux which include the state . Voiced my thought to Turbo Tax , received a canned letter back , I do n't think they even read it .
 I did my taxes on this program , saved the file , and went to dinner . Ever since I have been unable to open the file . The tech-support people know that there is a problem , but it has been over a week and they have not solved it . Their suggested solution is to burn your tax file to a CD , take it and your original CD to a Windows computer , install a Windows version of TurboTax , open your file , take out the password , save the file , burn it to a CD , and return to your Mac with your fingers crossed , hoping for the best . I do not have a Windows computer , so this does me no good.For at least one week Intuit has failed to address this problem successfully . In the meantime , I have gone to the local IRS office for forms , and will be doing my return the old-fashioned way.Other than not being functional , the program looks good , so I give it two stars for its pretention .
 Be careful the version is federal only and you are required to pay an additional $ 29.95 for the state version . My bad let the buyer beware and read more carefully .
 I 've been using TurboTax for 8 + years and recently , the Premiere version . This package is NOT a good package if you intend to file a state return . The additional cost of downloading the state add-on is $ 29.95 . Compare this to the bundled package price of $ 69.99 , and you end up paying more.VERY disappointed this product is being marketted without the state add-on . This will be the last time I buy this online from Amazon .
 For the past five years I have used TurboTax on-line to prepare our taxes . Last year , after filing our taxes , the IRS sent me a letter informing me that I was eligible for an additional refund credit . After refiguring our taxes by hand I found $ 1,700 in two credits that TurboTax failed to identify . I was able to receive $ 1,400 of this amount , but the other $ 300 would have required refilling from scratch -LRB- changing the number of dependants -RRB- . This week , after looking over previous tax years , I now find that there was an additional $ 1,009 credit on our 2002 taxes that TurboTax did not find.I can no longer trust TurboTax to manage my taxes . These were simple Earned Income Credits -LRB- EIC -RRB- and Child Tax Credits -LRB- CTC -RRB- , which TurboTax should have never missed . How can a company release tax software that does not double-check these items when there are child dependants clearly listed ? It is inexcusable.Now , they no longer offer the $ 14.95 e-file refund ? I recommend RUNNING from this Intuit TurboTax product . We will be using TaxCut instead .
 dont trust this software . . ive known people that have used this and they have been cheated out of extra refund money . . or still oweing money all together . . its better to have a professional accountant do the taxes the right way . . not this fly by night garbadge . . and , did you notice there is always a new version of this tax software every single year meaning you have to buy the updated version . . its not worth it . . see a accountant and get it done right the first time
 So Intuit is at it again huh ? After last year 's debacle I would think that they would hang up trying to make tax software . If you read my review for TT 2004 , you will see that it was full of bugs and mis-calculations which contradicted IRS rules.Then the VP chimed in with his assumption that all of us were wrong and that the TT software was just perfect . umm wrong try again!If you have anything other than a VERY basic tax return , I would HIGHLY recommend using TaxCut instead . TurboTax will get you audited on complicated returns.Don ' t waste your money . If you want tax software use TaxCut.Not recommended at all .
 Never received . Had to cancel order and purchase from a different source . No communication at all from vendor .
 the program would n't let me save my designs -- an error message appeared every time I tried to save
 We were fans of previous reader rabbit programs again my daughter was challenged with the work that the disk requires but the only down fall is that this was a darker version ... . Scary and more on the breaking the spells kind of game ... Not interested !!! If you like reader rabbit and are looking for a game look for the reader rabbit 2nd grade mis-cheese-ious dreamship adventure ...
 We were very excited to try this program out . We used the same program for our first child back in the late 90 's and it was WONDERFUL . So we purchased this updated version to work for Windows XP . To our disappointment , it wouldnt work . We try on both computers and it did not work so we had to get a refund . If it worked , it would have been a great program . Maybe the product was defective , but 4 out of 5 we ordered did not work .
 Does not work with Windows 7 . There was no notice what type of system config was neccessary for this software . LAME !
 My son is REALLY into these types of educational computer games . We have many Jump Start computer games and though they are more expense , we still prefer them . This game was okay .
 As a graphic designer I found this product to be extremely frustrating . There are no image books that come with this . So if you need an image , you have to use their dvd search engine . While this will find you the images you need , I find it completely exhausting going through 1000 's of images while clicking and clicking and clicking image by image . And they are so small . The only way you can view it larger is if you insert the particular DVD that the image is on , and there are 7 DVD 's . So I end up putting in one , then the other , etc. . I find that it 's much easier to look through an actual book so you can just browse through with ease . I 'll never purchase another image collection without the printed book !
 The Activity Center versions of the Magic School Bus games do not have an accompanying adventure . It is very open-ended , just click on buttons and play mini-games . My son lost interest very quickly . If your child likes an adventure/mission/goal to go along with the game , I think there are versions of the Magic School Bus that have those , but not the Activity Center versions . Do n't pay full-price for an incomplete game .
 I purchased this product thinking that after using and enjoying MS Streets and Trips -LRB- since 2001 -RRB- , that this would be a step up . I was also looking for additional features that I knew were a bit weak in the Streets and Trips product . Boy , was I surprised . Not only is the product , no better than the Streets and Trips product , but the maps for small Canadian cities -LRB- ie. , populations of 35,000 to 100,000 -RRB- were so out of date they were useless . Where I had hoped to use the enhanced features of MapPoint in my business , the abyssmal road maps made the product useless . I had hoped to also track the location of our deliveries to customers within the city and surrounding towns . Again , this was not possible due to the fact that the maps were at least 3 to 4 years out of date . Had I paid only $ 39.99 to $ 59.99 for the product , I may have kept it for use when I travel to the U.S. , but for $ 400 , I returned to product within the week -LRB- the very first Microsoft product I have ever been dissappointed with -RRB- . MapPoint 2004 is a very , very marginal product and most definitely not worth paying $ 400 or even half that price , given the poor map qualities.I 'm really dissappointed in Microsoft and their lack of attention to details and accuracy for Canadian towns and cities . Unless you are using it for U.S. locations only , do NOT purchase this product . Having said this , I continue to purchase a lot of Microsoft products , -LRB- I continue to use MS Streets and Trips -RRB- , but this purchase proves that even Microsoft can put out a dud .
 I would n't pay $ 2.69 let alone $ 269.00 !!!! for this dreadful program . It is NOT user friendly . The data mapping is worthless . This program makes Street Atlas 2004 -LRB- mediocre mapping program -RRB- look like the best thing since sliced bread.Don ' t waste your money !
 It 's good only if you need to memorize words , one-liner questions and sentences from English to Azeri . You will be taught how to ask questions in Azeri , that 's all . For the answer to that , you 're on your own . The CD is PC-based and too much attention was given to the graphical user interface rather than the content .
 This product offers a very disappointing Out-Of-Box-Experience . I could never hear it make a note on my XP system . The manual says `` Please note that when you press a key on the keyboard , you will not hear any sound . In order to play a sound , you will need to configure your music software . Please consult with your music software manual '' . Well , since I do n't have ` music software ' I 'm out of luck . I just thought this product would have some computerized keyboard lessons - which it very well may , but you need to own and understand ` music software ' , which is an entirely external expense , with a huge learning curve of its own . This is the 2nd bad OOBE I 've had with m-audio , and , thank heavens , it 's the last ! Fortunately for me , Amazon.com has a great return policy !
 Would never buy this again . It was expired and i never received my money back . They were supposed to credit it to me and i have never seen the refund ? Not happy at all . Were is my refund ?
 Switched to norton after seeing various articles on version 1 as being totally inadequate to secure your PC .
 I am a civilian employee and US citizen working for the Army in Korea . I downloaded OneCare by selecting the demonstration Full Scan option available on the Microsoft OneCare website . The software worked fine , found a number of problems with the registry -LRB- no surprise there -RRB- , a few other things , and I was quite happy with the results . I had just set up a wireless network in my home , so I set up OneCare to take care of two wireless laptops . Again , I was quite happy with the results . Then I tried to subscribe ... After being directed to the website where you sign up for Live , no matter from where I began , I contacted Microsoft support . I was told that Korea is not one of the countries supported and I could not subscribe . MS OneCare support told me that only those living in Australia , Austria , Belgium , Canada , France , Germany , Ireland , Italy , Japan , Mexico , the Netherlands , New Zealand , Singapore , Spain , Switzerland , the United Kingdom and the United States could subscribe.There is no disclaimer anywhere -LRB- confirmed by MS OneCare support -RRB- to tell you this.Caveat EmptorOther than this fatal flaw , I like OneCare .
 I thought this would be a good product for my computer . I did n't know that the only way to receive this product is over the internet via download . During the process the prompts for the internet download ask you to remove -LRB- uninstall/delete -RRB- all of your known antivirus , spyware , and firewalls from your computer prior to install . This leaves your computer susceptible when you receive an error message . I received an error message that prevented me from completing the download.I purchased the software on Aug 3 and called customer support , they researched the problem and even took remote access of my computer to try and fix the issue . They were unable to do so and then passed me to the second level of computer technicans . Microsoft guards its secrets well and has varying levels of technical support , those that know the basics and those that know more . they asked me to set up a time span when I would like to receive a call from the `` teir II '' agents , I chose 6-9pm . I received several calls over the next two weeks , all of them were outside of the specified time . I missed several of them because I have a career and a life.When I finally spoke with an agent they again took over remote access of my computer and were also unable to solve the issue . Here it was , two weeks after I purchased the software , I still did not have what I needed . I was also unable to surf the web because the download process requires you to delete all antivirus and firewall software . I called in several times druing the ordeal and the `` teir I '' agents just told me that I have to wait for the call , `` they 'll get to it when they get to it . '' I was very upset with the customer support , I have no idea how the product is , but the customer support is just horrible . Go to the windows live onecare home page and search for the `` post your own thoughts '' page through member accounts , you 'll see that I 'm not alone in this issue . I have since purchased other software that cover what Microsoft says it will with onecare . I did not have one problem with these installs.Please be aware that you might have to purchase technical support if you can not download due to a problem with your operating system -LRB- seperate from onecare -RRB- . This costs an additional $ 35 ontop of the cost for onecare .
 Summary : I wasted a lot of time trying to make this work , and I eventually went back to other products.In theory , integrating virus checker , firewall , spyware , and data backup into a unified suite -LRB- like MS Office with Word , Excel , & PowerPoint -RRB- makes sense . However , this software package seems poorly made ; it did not work very well for me.Hardware , OS , & primary software used :1 . Dell Lattitude D620 Laptop with 2GB RAM , Windows XP , MS Office2 . Dell X1 Laptop -LRB- thin/lightweight -RRB- with 2GB RAM , Windows XP , MS Office3 . Dell Dimension Desktop with 4 GB RAM , Windows XP , children 's gamesPrior virus/spyware products : Lattitude & X1
 I have a Dell xps with 1024 ram , windows XP pro and 120 GB . I installed musicmatch and it immediately disable my Nec 1100a DVD/CD read and write drive . I tried to enable the driver through my `` Device Manager '' -LRB- which showed the drive disable -RRB- , and when I tried to I got error message that there was a program conflict and windows could not enable the drive . I sent a e-mail to tech support two days ago and still have not heard back.The only other product I have that uses the drive is Roxio 7 . I have uninstalled musicmatch and used the windows `` restore '' to get my computer back to where it should be with my NEC 1100a DvD/CD -- R/RW drive working just fine.My advice is to stay away from this product because of conflicts that may arise with other programs and the piss-poor tech support !!!!!!
 I got this program with my new PC and i have to say it is extremly frustrating to work with musicmatch . It is userunfriendly and cheap . I gave finally up and go and buy a new program . I really regret that i wasted my time so far to work with it . Dont waste your money and time this program.No wonder that so many people gave it only one star
 I got this program with my new PC and i have to say it is extremly frustrating to work with musicmatch . It is userunfriendly and cheap . I gave finally up and go and buy a new program . I really regret that i wasted my time so far to work with it . Dont waste your money and time this program.No wonder that so many people gave it only one star
 The first MMJ version 7.5 functioned properly . MMJ suggested an upgrade to 8.0 with a fee -LRB- $ 19 -RRB- and an upgrade key . After the upgrade , MMJ bombed
 I bought the program about a week ago , and now know why one user described it -LRB- in a former review -RRB- `` userunfriendly and Junk `` Not only caused it system-problems on my PC but it is also the most confusing and unreliable music program which i have ever worked with . I could only guess , why it got 5 Stars on a other review . But after reading the Review several times again and again , i realized , `` who '' probably wrote the 5 Star review .
 This review is in reference to MusicMatch Jukebox Basic 8 , 9 , 10 and Jukebox Plus ! 10 . Great jukebox , lots of cool features , much better than WinAmp . Can rate each song , easily create playlists using AutoDJ , can look up CD info , rips songs easily in any format . Capable of burning songs , but never used this feature . Also comes with a Volume Levelling feature , so that all songs will play at the same volume.However , this program comes with a lot of bugs , and these bugs were not fixed in its latest version -LRB- 10 -RRB- . First of all , whenever the program looked up CD info , it would get the info , and then somehow cause my internet service provider to lose its internet connection -LRB- I have a dial up modem -RRB- . So every time I inserted a new CD , if I wanted to get the CD info , I 'd have to reconnect with the internet . Very annoying , not to mention time consuming.Second , I have Windows XP , and when someone logs on as a user other than the administrator , a Runtime Error message box is displayed . This message is caused by MusicMatch Jukebox , and displays when logging on and logging off.I looked at the faqs on the musicmatch website , and none of them helped me with my issues.I paid $ 20 for the Plus edition , so I can get personalized tech support through email . When I tried to request support though , the form I filled out would n't go through . I tried several times , and it still did n't work.Well , I asked for a refund , and hopefully I wo n't have any problem with that . Uninstalled the program from my computer , and I am now using RealPlayer free edition version 10 . Performs the same functions as MusicMatch Jukebox , only much more efficiently.Gave the product 2 stars because of the cool features it has.Your best bet is to go with Real Player . The only thing Real Player seems to be missing is a volume levelling feature , but its a minor thing to miss .
 MusicMatch Jukebox Deluxe 8 did not deliver as promised . The enclosed software did not display properly ; though , a download of EarthLink 's co-branded MusicMatch software fixed the interface problem . The promised three month trial of MusicMatch MX Gold using the User ID and Password supplied on the CD envelope resulted in nothing
 Modification now that I 've downloaded version 10 . I 'd give it 4 stars but I ca n't change my rating in editing my old review.Works fine ! I upgraded to the full featured version for better ripping and burning speeds and am happy . They fixed the CPU hogging problem and though the interface is a little different from that used in Windows and Realplayer and it does n't do video or sound editing -LRB- where you can edit your tracks - try RipEditBurn if you need that -RRB- MusicMatch is now my preferred player and ripper-burner . I used to use RealPlayer but Realplayer corrupts their own music database and seems to take forever and use up gobs of CPU to do simple things.Version 9
 I purchased this because of it 's claim to create mp3 files from virtually any source . OK , fine ! Actually , the recording aspect of this software does work as advertised . You can easily record from other CD 's , mp3 files , or just about anything connected to the `` Line In '' jack of your sound card.However , try to burn any of this to a CD and you may discover - as I did - that your system no longer recognizes your burner . Not only from within Musicmatch , but from any application that previously worked . My burner does not appear as a drive letter anymore even from within `` My Computer '' . Tech support -LRB- you ca n't call them - you must send an e-mail -RRB- said that their driver was conflicting with the Roxio software I also have installed . They suggested that I uninstall Roxio , then re-install Musicmatch . I did , but still had the same problem.I have no choice but to now do a system restore from within XP , and then try to get a refund for this product .
 I have a Dell XPS with a CDRW and DVD+RAM . The system is working perfectly , but when I install MusicMatch 8 Pro is disables my DVD . Dell support got it working by restoring the system back to right before I installed MusicMatch . Tech support did notrespond to my help request from their online website .
 As there is n't a version 10 on Amazon.com I had to use this area to warn everyone . I turned on the computer this morning and booted up v. 10 as normal to listen to music while I did my thing . I have the deluxe version of 10 that I paid good money for and was astonished to see this morning that it had expired !!! All of the features that you pay good money for - super tagging etc. . . will no longer work until I pay them more money ?!? DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT as you wo n't own the extra features you get over the free version YOU ARE SIMPLY LEASING THEM ! Before today I would have given Music Match v. 10 5 + stars as the features are great and the speed is great for use with ripping and relabelling your music collection . As you can see from the other reviews , the On demand junk that they try to get you to pay more money for as well is n't worth anything either . Put simply , DO N'T BUY ANYTHING FROM MUSIC MATCH !! UPDATE
 On September 29 , 2003 Musicmatch released version 8.1 of their product and in December , 2003 they released version 8.2 . The retail box says `` New V8 '' and it turns out it 's 8.00.010 which is two levels behind . Even though you just bought the software Musicmatch wants an additional fee to get to the current level -LRB- 8.2 -RRB- of Jukebox Plus ! You can get the current Jukebox Plus level by loading the Jukebox Basic for free from the Musicmatch website and then paying the upgrade to Jukebox Plus -LRB- and you 'd be at the current level instead of two levels back -RRB- . So do n't waste $ 29.99 for the retail version !
 I agree with all the other reviews . The ONLY reson I bought Musicmatch was for super tagging feature . One came with my laptop . But I went out and bought 8.0 `` deluxe '' I thought it was deluxe ! Now after a year all those features expire . I regret telling everyone how great Music Match was ... I really do n't know what you buy when you buy this software ? I mean who dose n't have a media player . itunes/Windows Media Player etc. . . ? -LRB- What 's the best alternative ? Anyone ? -RRB-
 I was very disappointed to find that some of the nice features such as supertagging expire . You do n't really buy this product , you lease it . This is a nasty practice that was abandoned years ago by reputable software developers . Do n't buy it unless you are willing to pay over and over again for the same features .
 I 've had version 8 for several years . Now , I tried to change a filename and it WO N'T LET ME unless I buy an upgrade ! Nor will it `` tag '' files . This is inexcusable . A yearly renewal is required ??? This WAS NOT the policy when I purchased the software . Unless you want to renew your `` subscription '' -LRB- this can no longer be considered a purchase -RRB- , most of your `` plus '' features will expire . I 'm ticked off . Good product , BAD policy .
 I 'm in the same situation as Briface . I am a paid for Ver 8 customer and also subscribed to their radio service for a couple of years . I go to use my Super Tagging and it is blocked by a popup window telling me my super tagging `` subscription '' expired . What subscription ? I never agreed to any subscription ! I PAID for features and now they are unilaterally taking them away !! I ca n't even rename files from manually entered tag data . This uses none of Musicmatch 's resources but is blocked by their stupid popup.Beware this company . Their business model is to make you think you paid for something , then suddenly take it away from you and offer to reinstate it for a `` subscription fee '' . Does anyone know how much this subscription costs ? There is absolutely nothing on Musicmatch 's website and clicking on their popup yields a dead page . They are asking you to sign up for a subscription but they wo n't tell you how much it costs . Give me a break . I ca n't believe how sleazy these guys have gotten.I 'm not sure what recourse as usere we have . I may try the BBB like another poster . I think we should all be writing to PC Magazine too to let them know that this `` editor 's choice winner '' of theirs is involved in shady business practices .
 I 've owned several versions of MusicMatch and was very happy with the software , especially the library features . I 'm currently using version 8 Deluxe which I expecially liked for the super-tagging capability . BUT every time I start it up these days , I 'm informed BY POPUP that my deluxe features have expired and that I need to upgrade to the new version 10 -LRB- free -RRB- or purchase plus again -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- . There is actually another option of receiving all future Plus upgrades for an additional $ 40 . Frankly , I 've been quite happy with ver . 8 and was totally unaware that the Plus features expire -- until this happened.We can argue all day about the fairness and costs -LRB- which I think STINK ! -RRB- but my overwhelming gripe is that there is no way to get rid of the popup . EVERYTIME I START THE PROGRAM , I HAVE TO DEAL WITH THEIR POPUP ! I 've searched their website and found no help , personalized tech support is only available for 1 year , and I tried a couple popup blockers to no avail.I do n't care how great their program is , they have no right to repeatedly bombard my system with their STUPID notice to upgrade . Until this problem is fixed , I will never buy another upgrade and will start examining alternatives more seriously , and since Yahoo evidently now owns this software , I 'll never again use Yahoo!YOU BET I 'M MAD !!!!!!!
 I have had MusicMatch since 1.0 , and have decided to call it quits . As a player and CD ripper it is good . I would not purchase anything from them anymore from their MusicMatch download , they copyright everything and expect you to log on all the time when you play the songs you paid $ 1 for . Plus do not expect anything from their OnDemand , you can not transfer it to anything else to play.The big kicker is that they let you buy WMA files and you can not burn them to your CD , and of course with protection you can not turn these into MP3s . At least if you paid for it , you should be able to burn it . Meanwhile real hacks out there can and they did not pay for them.Their software downloads do not support Win2K past 9.0 They are on 10.0
 I used to have the version 7.x of this program . Worked just fine , did its job . Version 8 then came out , worked fine , not a problem . Version 9 comes out , finally get around to using it , okay at best , interface becomes a PITA to use , then version 10 comes out , complete piece of TRASH ! Wo n't even rip CD 's anymore , What The $ % ! # ? Uninstalled it and installed version 7.5 , worked like it was supposed to , but lacked some features i needed . Finally , i just got fed up with all this BS and decided to go with iTunes and an iPod . Not a single problem again .
 I have a Dell xps with 1024 ram , windows XP pro and 120 GB . I installed musicmatch pro and it immediately disable my Nec 1100a read and write drive . I tried to enable the driver through my `` Device Manager '' -LRB- which showed my read and write drive disable -RRB- , and when I tried to I got error message that there was a program conflict and windows could not enable the drive . I sent a e-mail to tech support two days ago and still have not heard back.The only other product I have that uses the drive is Roxio 7 . I have uninstalled musicmatch professional and used the windows `` restore '' to get my computer back to where it should be.My advice is to stay away from this product because of conflicts that may arise and the piss-poor tech support !!!!!!
 Okay , As I 'm typing this review , MusicMatch is chewing away , trying to organize my modest library of 1400 songs . It wo n't abort , it wo n't display , but it 's chewing away on the contents of my music directory , and I can feel another memory error in the works . It has already crashed twice.Once it choked on a bad file with a checksum error . Yeah , I would expect it to hiccup on a bad file , but not take down XP . I have about 100 programs on my computer -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- and nothing has ever taken down XP except this program.I feel like an idiot for having paid for this ridiculous pile of crap when MS MediaPlayer does largely the same job for free.Don ' t make my mistake .
 As there is n't a version 10 on Amazon.com I had to use this area to warn everyone . I turned on the computer this morning and booted up v. 10 as normal to listen to music while I did my thing . I have the deluxe version of 10 that I paid good money for and was astonished to see this morning that it had expired !!! All of the features that you pay good money for - super tagging etc. . . will no longer work until I pay them more money ?!? DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT as you wo n't own the extra features you get over the free version YOU ARE SIMPLY LEASING THEM ! Before today I would have given Music Match v. 10 5 + stars as the features are great and the speed is great for use with ripping and relabelling your music collection . As you can see from the other reviews , the On demand junk that they try to get you to pay more money for as well is n't worth anything either . Put simply , DO N'T BUY ANYTHING FROM MUSIC MATCH !! UPDATE
 Zero stars to ANY software that will not run on both Macintosh and PC platforms , especially music software !
 I think there should be a way to hear what the `` baseline voice '' sounds like , because apparently it sounds nothing like me ! I went through every single training unit -- Bram Stoker 's Dracula , sports stories , recipes , the three-part explanation of the state of voice recognition tech , everything ! And then it did n't work ! Worse , it just made things up in a really creepy way ! I was trying to dictate an email to a friend -- mostly I was saying that I could n't believe how bad iListen was and instead of transcribing my complaints it started to type-out words like Arabs , airlines and terrorists ! I kid you not !!!! Maybe it is programmed to write what most people are talking about these days ! But I can assure you those words never came out of my mouth.I was so so so so very disappointed in this product . I did n't expect perfection but seriously it got almost every word I said wrong . After I `` trained it '' for 4 hours . And my voice is n't weird ... I have friends that think I should be on the radio . I speak in front of audiences even and no one has ever said I was hard to understand ! So buy at your own risk.Oh , and also ... It does n't come with instructions -- if you want to know how to use it you are forced to buy another $ 20 DVD or tape of a guy teaching you to use it . I figured out alot of it but could never figure out how to go back and correct wrong words . But by then I felt as if there was no point since I would have had to correct 97 percent of the words anyway . So here I am , typing this review with my fingers.So just as an illustration I have decided to * show * you what this looked like when I used it . I read the review you just read above . I will say that THIS is the BEST it has EVER WORKED ! I 'm kind of almost impressed , which should tell you how bad it was last time ! `` I think fish the should be a way to hear what that `` baseline police and `` sounds like , because apparently it is n't it sounds and acting like mean ! I went through every single training unit - brunch stroke struck you , sports stories , recipes that three part explanation of the state of voice recognition tack , everything ! Ant thin it did n't shirt ! I was trying to dictate and e-mail to leave friend - mostly higher we say that I could n't believe how bad iListen once and instead of transcribing my complaints it started to take out would like an above , airlines and terrorists ! I did you not !!!! Maybe it is programmed to write what most people are talking about the but I can assure you those where it 's never came out of my mouthI was so so slow very disappointed in this product . I did n't expect perfection but seriously it got almost every word I said wrong . After I `` trained it could `` to for four hours . And that blows it is n't we headed the ... I have friends that think I should be on the the help . They speak in front of audiences event and no one has ever said I was hard to understand ! So by your own risk .0 and hostility ... it does n't come with instructions - if you want to know how to use it you are forced to buy and that their 20 dollar DVD or take up with the IT she knew how to use that I figured out a lot of it that could never figure out how to go back and perfect well aware that by then they felt I think they were No. 8 since that we have had to correct 97 percent of the wear anyway . So here I am , tight that this route you with my fingers . `` MAYBE THIS IS HOW JAMES JOYCE WROTE FINNEGANS WAKE !?!?!?!? Finally , I will say that I bought this version and then downloaded the upgrade so I could run it on Tiger ... and that I had to buy an iMic adapter so that the USB port could be used for the Microphone since I have an iBook G4 and it does n't have a Mic port , only the little hole next to the screen . So count on another 40 dollars for that if you have an iBook -LRB- But you will save that 40 by buying this version -LRB- if you are a masochist or someone with infinite free-time -RRB- and upgrading for FREE , rather than buying the more expensive Tiger OSX 10.4.3 - compatible model . I had no trouble installing it ... it just did n't work . Like I said , the above experiment was the most successful trial by a mile!C ` est la vie ... Live and Learn !
 I purchased iListen about three years ago . I found that it might have been useful for verbal commands to control computer functions , but it was useless for dictation . I upgraded to version 1.2.1 , patiently went through at least three , new `` training '' sessions , and still was unable to create useable text via verbal input . When iListen kept sending me e-mail solicitations , I offered to upgrade if they could demonstrate that they had improved accuracy . They replied , `` Because there are so many variables , and everyone has a different definition of what is acceptable results , all sales of iListen software are final . `` My definition of acceptable dictation was that accuracy was sufficient to permit replication upon proof reading . I would accept errors , but not so different from what I had said that I could not reconstruct my text from its translation . It never even came close . Perhaps my voice is incompatible with iListen , and maybe it will translate your speech accurately . In either case , remember , all sales are final .
 Worst software that I have ever purchased ! I 've re-installed and it still quits 1 second after it launches . I have iListen 1.7 on an Intel based iMac running OS 10.4.7 . Even worse is MacSpeech 's web site has been down for several days and telephone support is 15 bucks for 15 minutes -LRB- and they apparently call you back at their convenience -RRB- . Maybe I just got a bad copy , but it 's hard to tell when you ca n't even get any customer support .
 I got my wife and daughter DRAGON -LRB- the PC I-listen equivalent -RRB- . They have been using it with pleasure since.My `` I-listen '' began well -- I read it several of the texts to familiarise it with my voice.On dictation , it produced fluent gibberish . I re-loaded , taught it again -LRB- reading virtually all of the texts . Again , more fluent gibberish . Embarrased husband , pointedly tolerant wife and daughter . An email to the support people produced a detailed form letter of ideas , and an offer that they would phone if I still had trouble.A time in hospital -LRB- just out , and quite well thank you -RRB- means I have n't tried their trouble-shooting advice yet . So far , a level of frustration that I do not associate with Mac .
 Just an awful product.Go through all the training and then the damn thing wont load . It givs you a kern_protection-error which is absolutely indecipherable . Probably the single worst product I have ever purchased .
 I 'm sorry to report that this software does NOT work . I 've read the ` learn your voice ' stories numerous times/spending hours doing so and NOT once was the dictation accurate enough to use . It 's a waste of good money I can not afford . Do NOT bother .
 This is definately not a plug and play Mac-like product . I wanted it to work for me , but instead , I was working for it from the beginning . In trying to problem solve its errors , I purchased first their recommended transcription digital voice recorder -LRB- Olympus DS 2 , which I do love -RRB- , to find out that it then needed its recommended headset , and THEN , find out MacSpeech did not support this setup unless I bought the DS-2 directly from them -LRB- reconditioned no less -RRB- , and I was supposed to fork out MORE money to get the suplemental software in order to get the program to work from the recorder . Tech support wrote back promptly advising me to use the OLD version included in the folder which had voice recorder bridges built in . It would have been very nice for them to inform me of all these complexities in advance of the purchase , or give a little consideration -LRB- such as a coupon for their recorder software bridge -RRB- because they led me down the path of over two hundred dollars more of purchases -LRB- the Olympus and the wonderful Platonix headset -RRB- beyond the basic software purchase . Did I mention the hours of web reseach trying to figure out where the button they referred to on their technical documents was to activate the recorder transfer fuction was ? Only to find out there was none until they finsihed with the supplemental software , which I would haave to buy because I did n't buy the Olympus from them . They admitted they were in the process of developing the recorder transfer fuction AFTER their marketing campaign that led to my purchase . Not to mention the crytpic anti-intuitive training and correction methods . I felt more used by them than I did by my ex-wife . By then I was discouraged and lost my belief in the company . More good money after bad ? No , so I went back to my human transcriber . Although she does C work , at least I could get her to correct my errors , she takes responsibility , and I know what she is going to cost . I figure the few hundred dollars to MacSpeech was cheaper then my divorce decree , and equally as non-productive . This is a windows like program in Mac clothing .
 I am using iListen 7 to prepare this review . Th base a base they 'd right down trying to use the word for , who waited and will let me do it th . My wife and I th have spent hours upon our predicted a program to respond properly two were voices . Th as you can say is not doing a very good job th they area had but flawed and a waste , th I can give this year of our th . Do n't wait and your money on a program th
 I have the newest version Mac OSX , and use AOL . This software freezes up when I open AOL - so I ca n't use to type emails -LRB- the whole reason I bought it -RRB- . Furthermore , they have no free telephone support -LRB- and highly `` discourage '' any phone calls at all -RRB- - and I submitted a trouble ticket more than a week ago and have n't heard a peep .
 Used Dragon Naturally Speaking for years on my PC , but shifted to a Mac and got this program . Did two tutorials and txt document for training , but after hours of frustrating attemps , will have to give it up . Most of the time it will not even correctly recognize the command `` correct that '' , and enters other words . Repeatedly I did corrections of common words to no avail . I have some disappointments with the Mac , but this is serious for one used to voice dictation .
 If you want to waste you life trying to make this work then go ahead . I followed the ilisten instructions to the letter . The first time I invested 5hrs training and the software crashed destroying my profile . The second time I did the same but could not get it any higher than 70 % accuracy -LRB- a lot of the time it struggled to make it past 50 % -RRB- then you have got spend a lot of time correcting its mistakes . I can type faster than that . This product is a joke .
 I purchased Ilisten 1.7 for medical transcription for Mac . I was very disappointed in the reproduction after several hours of training . It was no better then 80 % accurate under the best circumstances . I can not even recommend this product for even general use like letters , email , ect . It was horrible at transcribing medical terminology especially when importing via a dictaphone .
 I bought this item for a Christmas gift for my son . A total waste of money . He had difficulty downloading and no help for MAC . I keep asking him why he wastes his time and money on MAC products but ... The worse part of this is that it could not be returned . I 'll never buy another MAC product without assurance that it can be returned for a full refund .
 I agree with the gentleman who suggested that it was not a normalised database , and also with his view of the layout structure inadequacies.I am a professional developer and system integrator who has developed systems from small applications to global software solutions used across almost any platform.Filemaker is not a professional tool for the following reasons .1 . The concept of having to have multiple layouts which have to be changed individually is frankly ludicrous .2 . The security of the application is virtually non-existent .3 . The indexing only goes up to 22 -LRB- or so -RRB- characters , so if you have two strings which have the first n characters the same , basically forget it . .4 . The printing control is non-existent , particularly if you wish to take control away from the user .5 . The method of opening each related database is frankly ridiculous , and anything complex can very quickly get you to exceed the maximum number of windows open .6 . Almost no logic can be enabled on a print layout , forcing huge numbers of print layouts to be defined , again all which need to be changed manually .7 . Importing and exporting data capability is non-existent .8 . Relationship management and capability is inept and insufficient for serious databases .9 . Encryption is either non-existent or pathetic -LRB- sorry can not remember , but do know that I had to write my own encryption methods as Filemaker could not handle it . -RRB- This is far form a complete list of the real issues I experienced , but is a list of those issues which could have scuppered the entire project if long-winded work-arounds could not have been found and then developed.In short the application is woefully inadequate , is not professional , and the only thing going for it is that it can create a cross platform solution .
 I purchased and installed this FileMaker Developer product and ran into a brick wall , that precludes its use as a serious development tool . FileMaker Pro suffers from the same deficiencies . My real rating is 0 stars.Filemaker does not use tab controls . It gets around this shortcoming by requiring that a separate layout be designed for each tab . Importantly this is not just for the information on the tab , BUT FOR THE WHOLE COTTON-PICKIN layout !!! Then when a user clicks on the tab `` button '' , a new layout is repainted over the old . Even though Filemaker provides the ability to copy a form , I have found that the repainted forms `` jump '' and give an entirely unsatisfactory visual experience . Like watching a web form flicker repaint over a slow dial up connection.Filemaker appears to be a maintenance nightmare . If you have a layout with header information and with a five tab area , and you wish to change the header information -LRB- field width , color , etc. -RRB- you have to change it five times on each layout!I thought the purpose of databases was to normalize information , that is to reduce redundancy in data storage . Filemaker may reduce this redunduncy , but it it adds it back in spades when it comes to application development!The screen flicker caused by full screen repaints and the large number of forms required to accomodated simple tab displays makes this a no brainer . Filemaker is fine for your receipe or CD collection database , but forget about using it for serious development .
 I ordered this product for my Pre-K classroom , however I failed to read the fine print which states `` Content developed exclusivley for Comfy Keyboard . '' In other words , the product can only be used with their specialty keyboard . This might be a great product , but I do n't know b/c I ca n't turn it on .
 I ordered this from Amazon , which sends the order to J&R . They sent me the kit for iPod and iPod mini . It is not adaptable to the shuffle . I called them and they put the order in again . They sent me the wrong one again . They made me pay the shipping to return both of them even though they sent me a different one than I ordered twice . They were not pleasant to work with either . I ordered the kit for shuffle from the apple store -LRB- apple.com -RRB- and got the right one .
 If you want your HP printer driver to be USELESS , then buy PlanPlus . I purchased version 3.0 hoping the solution would be fixed -- it was not and after four years of having time to fix the problem.Readers beware PlanPlus sw has had a bug in it -LRB- some say on purpose -RRB- to shut down most HP printers for the last four years unless you use a generic driver for the printer . Why is this the case ? Well it is not hard to understand when you note the company makes great profit on its hardcopy planner page sales . Having SW that can print out planner pages , while they are trying to sell their own pages , was probably a bad idea by the company and their only solution is to sell the software but make it conflict with printing software .
 I have gone through version 1 , 2 , and now version 3 , hoping that FC will finally get a stable product . I finally gave up , like I did with Version 2 . Tech support worked with me and had a good attitude , but they finally threw their arms up and said we will research the problems . This is the same response that they had with Version 2 . No one ever contacted me with the results of their `` research '' . They refused to refund my $ because of the time since purchase . I should have asked for a refund at the first sign of problems . I reinstalled FC PP , MS Outlook , set a new profile , reinstalled my entire operating system from scratch - all to no avail . Some modules never worked . Others would crash . Outlook frequently disabled PP because of problems . I like the Covey approach to life prioritization , and I like the ability to apply the Covey approach in Outlook , but the motivation is being productive , not trying to work with buggy software . I will definitely skip a version or 2 before I think about giving it another try . Maybe someone else will come up with a package that incorporates some of the same ideas . My advice is to stay away from this package until Franklin Covey and its contract programmers can figure out how to get the bugs out .
 Like many others , I too am a Franklin user . I started with PlanPlus 1.0 , and while it did work , I found that the 2.0.2 release of PlanPlus was reasonably stable.For Pocket PC users , there seem to be no synchronization problems with the Version 3.0 and 4.0 -- not so for PalmOS.Bottom line , Franklin has yet to fix palm synchronization errors with Version 3.0 and 4.0 . If you 've got a palm , buy V2 .0 to get the license , and install the 2.0.2 trial version and register it with the 2.0 license code -LRB- the 3.0 license code does NOT work with V2 .0 -RRB- . With Version 3.0 and PalmOS , you can synchronize a new Daily Record entry exactly once from the Palm handheld to the desktop . After that , you can modify the Daily record entry on the desktop , and it will sync down , but only when there is NO existing record on the desktop will it sync from hand held up to the desktop.The task lists -LRB- daily and master -RRB- present their own problems in version 3.0 . Early on -LRB- mostly fixed ... mostly -RRB- , if you modified a task by moving it to a different day , or to or from the master task list , it would start duplicating on the palm until you deleted all of the copies on the palm , and all but one copy on the desktop , then the synchronization from the desktop down to the palm would occasionally work . A remaining issue -LRB- not fixed in build 778 -RRB- is disappearing tasks . The synchronization program strips out one of the two dates that Outlook uses , start date and due date -LRB- due date remains if I remember -RRB- , but not both when a task is moved from a daily list to the master list . Thus , if the due date remains , but the Start date is blank , the task will disappear in the daily and weekly planning views . You can find it by looking directly at the Outlook tasks folder , but spotting the missing record is tricky . The preceeding anomalies apply to version 3.0 , your mileage may vary.My suggestion is buy an old license for version 2.0 and stick with that.A tip on getting V2 .0 to synchronize reliably
 Nasty stuff . I could never even install it completely , and now it wo n't uninstall completely . Customer service at Franklin Covey was unable to help , and did n't really seem to care . This is garbage software , do n't even think about buying it .
 Sorry about this because I use the Franklin Covey system -- tha planning product is a mess . WAY too complex and not flexible at all .
 This sucks ! Do n't get it and let me save you the money ... if you want to learn the songs here -LRB- the complete songs -RRB- purchase juan serranos flamenco book 1 ... However I do recommend Guitar Method Books 1-3 by Hal Leonard ... for any style . I give this software one star because I 'm nice
 This is really quite disappointing - Acrobat , which used to be a quick , low-resource alternative to text delivery , has become a piece of software so bloated that it crashes constantly , takes an eternity to install or uninstall , and is generally not worth the upgrade . I 'd wager that 90 % of people would be just fine with Acrobat from 6 years ago , and most of the `` features '' added to this suite are unnecessary and actually detrimental to the software . Avoid , and look for open-source alternatives !
 Adobe will not support this product without a $ 40 fee . My version will not work , will not uninstall , will not repair , will not do anything . After an hour of explaining this to tech in a foreign country with very hard to understand English , they said they knew the answer , it was simple and that they would tell me just as soon as I paid them $ 40 . Highway robbery !!!
 Adobe has a habit of making sure their new products break their old ones , thus forcing you to upgrade . Try editing a pdf in Acrobat Professional v5 .0 Seems to work ... but you ca n't print it from any of the newer versions of the reader . Oops . And did you ever have the pdf writer ? If so , you may have noticed that a fairly recent upgrade of the Reader disabled your installation of the writer . Hmmm ... now why would that happen ? Time to upgrade , I guess.Do yourself a favor and find an alternative solution . Adobe wants more wallet share , and they 're willing to do whatever it takes to get it .
 This piece of software is disappointing at best . Too many seemingly basic things are incredibly difficult to do . For example , try formatting text from the default red , 10 point font . Only a search of the internet clued me in that pressing `` Ctrl - E '' would magically pop up a text formatting toolbar . Merging pdfs is clunky at best . There is no simple way to add pages from one file to a new one . Toolbars seem to disappear at will . I would not recommend spending 200 + dollars for this unpredictable piece of software . Adobe should dominate the PDF creation market but it would take very little to surpass this product .
 Even after installing the 2 updates it still freezes -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- . DO NOT upgrade to version 8 ...
 Software that repeatedly crashes and requires multiple reloadings deserves NO STARS , but amazon does not allow that option , so this gets 1 star.Having owned versions 4 , 5 , 6 and now 8 , I 've watched this product add features , and with them glitches . Would it be a great product if it worked ? Yes . Unfortunately , it crashes , and crashes and crashes.Adobe has already issued two update fixes , but still it crashes.Not good.UPDATE
 Another bloated , greedy and unstable piece of software from Adobe . Software whos auto-update feature caused my entire software suite to crash as Adobe burrows into everything for Word and Outlook to Internet Exploiter and Explorer . Here 's the kicker , the Adobe software wo n't let you uninstall or reinstall , generating a consistent error that is not documented on Adobes website . And if you even bother to try their customer support line , find a comfortable chair and make a drink , you 're gon na need it .
 Although this is a valuable product when it works . Beware , Adobe tech support told me that it NOT VISTA COMPATIBLE . We have personal experience of this . Additionally , as with all Adobe products their validation process often does not work . We have spent hours on the phone and come to heated tempers when trying to validate a legitimate Adobe product . Validation also stopped working after a few weeks and we had to repeat the process and encurr hours of loss time . We have also had Adobe updates crash the entire system which took day to fix with many incompetent tech support staff members .
 Update
 I tried the Adobe Acrobat 8.01 professional trial version before purchasing the upgrade . In the process of installation it required a working version of Acrobat Professional 6.0 to be removed . The trial version did not work on an updated Windows XP environment . This led me to an on-the-road problem
 I 'm so glad that I installed a trial version of Acrobat 8 Professional prior to buying it . Luckily , I did not need to uninstall a working version of the product in order to install the trial version , unlike the previous reviewer . The program crashed at least a dozen times during my first hour of use , and I was n't trying to do anything complicated . For example , the program simply disappeared without a trace when I pressed the Settings button during a Save as ... dialog or attempted to Edit - > Preferences for HTML export .
 Like many other reviewers , My version would not even load to the opening screen before an error code and system shutdown occurred . I downloaded 8.1.0 direct from Adobe and installed it on a professional workstation . An HP xw9300 with Windows Professional XP with all service packs and no viruses or spybots . I tried an hour with Adobe customer support but got nowhere . They outsource telephone support to India . I talked to two separate individuals that did not even know how to use their own computer . Do n't even think of buying this product .
 This Guy / Gal Will Take You for A Sucker Do n't Do Business with Them ... I spontaneously chose this item by the discrtiption of a box you would figure would have up to 6 cds in it , well I only got a cardboard cd cover with a cd inside . I think I paid $ 30 plus bucks for a useless disc with no upgrade abillity because it did not have a cd key either . Sure they shipped it and I got it but as I better Review This Item I get more pissed over the deception I feel and Felt when I recieved it !!!! Thus the review redo
 With CS3 shipping soon , the upgrade pricing has left me feeling , gypped ... Intel mac users that had CS2 and were waiting for a Universal version of CS had to wait for CS3 to get all Universal apps . Buying CS2 .3 was n't worth the cost because it was n't totally Universal . Same old bits , only Acrobat was updated ... Along comes CS3 , full Universal for all Intel ac users ... If you did n't buy this CS2 .3 upgrade , you pay $ 150 extra to get CS3 . Well , ok ... Problem is that I own Studio 8 and CS2 Premium . BIG BIG B-I-G MONEY purchases ... And I have to pay $ 150.00 MORe because I was n't suckered by CS2 .3 ? Do n't get me wrong , Dreamweaver is great -LRB- better as 8 then MX -RRB- and the rest of the software is great too ... I just feel like I 'd like some notice that I spent so damn much money and feel shafted ... Do n't previous Macromedia owners rate something ???
 We purchased it for our 2nd grader son mainly for math and reading . The software is not scalable . It is more an exercise in mouse skills and understanding a British Accent than it is learning about math and reading . The software should start easy and build up . My wife and I were completely astounded how poorly written and designed it was . Avoid is my rating . Wish I knew this before I bought it !
 I agree this software is poorly designed . My nine year old -LRB- 3rd grade -RRB- daughter found the characters and games mostly corny and `` annoying '' ... the tone seems more appropriate for younger -LRB- preschool or kindergarten -RRB- children than older ones . I went for this software because it seemed to cover a lot of topics , unfortunately they do n't do a very good job . I wish I would have bought a narrower-focused software that was better designed .
 What a HUGE disappointment . I was looking for an alternative to the Summer Bridge books for my -LSB- ... -RSB- son to finish out the summer and thought that , since computer time is prized at our house , he 'd be motivated by CD-ROMs . After only an hour and a half with these CDs , we 're both perplexed and annoyed .1 -RRB- Installation
 The description of the game is great , it makes you want to buy it . Do not let the advertising trick you . The games are very poorly designed , bad graphics . Most games are from the early 90 's . I contacted the manufacurer after I installed the games and requested an explanation on why they sell old games as brand new , never got an answer . A waste of money !
 Acquired this at a church yard sale ... now we know why it was sold ! It 's title is very decieving - we thought it would be a great product , but it 's a bunch of junk . First off , you have to intall each and every disc -LRB- 13 -RRB- , which took me all night to do . And they did n't even go into the same directory . They were all separate from each other , with no communication or anything between them . Some of them would n't even install at all . Second , you ca n't set any levels , or track progress , or anything like that . Third , the kids have to try to get through and figure out the annoying British accents . Fourth , most of the CDs my kids wanted nothing to do with . They liked Mango Plumo , and they liked TV Trevor , and also Math ... something or other . They saw me do some of the Pipo discs , and they wanted nothing to do with him . Fifth , these games -LRB- for that 's really what they are -RRB- are n't really age-appropriate . Older elementary kids would have no interest in most of them , and they would have to go through a whole bunch of extra-easy stuff before getting to their own level ... if their interest holds that long.Avoid this worthless piece of junk . Unless , of course , all you want is annoying entertainment with British accents for little kids .
 This software is completely bogus . I bought it , loaded it , and it will not work . Ca n't create data base . I looked up the software -LRB- google -RRB- and found that I was not the only victim . Beware .
 I bought this program to help my 6th grader . The cover brags about having 11 CDs covering 19 topics . My first problem is , where is the math !? The first CD contains 3 games that deal with probability and engineering . The written explainations of the problems look they they belong on the board of a college engineering class . I searched through all the other CDs and there is no other math ! What a let down.Some of the disk have programs on them that look like they were written in 1980 , and geared for 6-7 year olds . At least 3 of the disk will not run on my brand new computer at present , because I have media player 10 and not an older version.Save your money on this one , and buy indivdual programs for the subjects you want .
 I thought I 'd try out this software because I had seen it often in the computer store and wanted to assist my 8th grader with basic middle school work over the summer break . The nicely laid out subjects shown on the box -LRB- such as Pre-Algebra , Algebra I and Algebra II -RRB- had no corrolation to the titles included in the packet . Some of the disks seem geared toward 3rd graders and insult the intellect of the middle school student . Others are much more advanced -LRB- aka the Engineering -LRB- or `` Math '' cd -RRB- Funny the box does n't mention anything about learning Engineering ? -RRB- The graphics quality on many of the disks are very poor and do seem like they were created for much older computers . There are much more challenging and informative websites that are out there right now . All in all , this seemed like some cd 's were just thrown together for the purpose of this .
 Do n't bother buying - especially for Math . Pre-Algebra , Algebra I & II and Geometry are non-existent on the CD 's except as a page -LRB- no links -RRB- on the engineering cd . The rest of the cd is fun for about 10 minutes with very little learning value . Typing Tutor is okay , but boring.Tried Tech Support as listed on CD and the site could not be found . No instructions within box , had to install each cd to determine scope of lessons that were contained .
 it wo n't run , even with a brand new computer , little boy very disappointedwe have 2 new computers , wo n't run with either requires way too many downloads from the internet , takes up way too much space , then it still wo n't run
 I have a brand new computer with all the bells and whistles . I purchased Clifford 's birthday party-great , Stuart Little Thinking and number adventures-great , and this Tonka search and rescue . My little boy was so excited as it loaded , then , we had to download x something or other to make it work , so I did , then it was something else , and something else . It never did play and now I had to undo everything . Piece of JUNK ! In my opinion , DONT ' T Buy This software . It also did n't install on my husband 's computer .
 We have Windows 7 and bought High School Success 2006 . I tried everything to try to get it to work but it is not compatible . Let the buyer beware , as they say .
 Help!This game installs then plays the intro then the screen goes blank ! When I emailed them they said it does not run on an Intel chipset . I thought almost everyone had an intel chipset.We are running Windows Xp , this is not an old computer!My sons were very upset , , , we are hpoefully sending it back !
 this game was bought for my niece and son.installed the game and it constantly shuts off.screen flickers , you ca n't use the keyboard correctly and then it just shuts off.they say it wo n't work with intel chipsets , well i have a via chipset and amd processor.so i guess they 're wrong there.i 'm using an ati radeon 9700 pro card , amd athlon 2200 + so there is plenty of power.tried the latest via and ati drivers with no help at all.don ' t waste your money and thank god i only wasted 9.99 at target.i also tried to totally clean the registry of all traces and it does n't help.even a fresh install of xp did n't help.so there you have it.one last thing , there are no patches to download and support is like talking to a brick wall , except the wall might be more helpfull cause you can at least smash the cd off it .
 dont even think about buying this game this game is absolute garbage it messes up your computer it doesnt have good games and its a waste of your time
 I also could not get the game to run . It would start and then give an error . Tried installing a couple times and still would not work . Looking at the other reviews , guess this is a common problem . It appears I have the minimum system requirements , but still does n't work . I would not have purchased if I had known the problems .
 The encyclopaedia 's content is absolutely rotten . Never mind the interface , multimedia , etc. . What defines the quality of an encyclopaedia is its CONTENT ! Twenty some thousand skimpy articles in World Book , wot ? Both Encarta and Britannica have more articles that are of longer length.World Book was created for infants and primary school students . If you 're in 2ndary school or uni , this is nought but rubbish . I ca n't believe any self-respecting adult would give kudos to this .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER WHO LOVES DORA BUT WHAT A MISTAKE ! SHE HAS OUR OLD COMPUTER WHICH IS NOT A POWERHOUSE , BUT THIS GAME IS A TOTAL MEMORY HOG AND I HAD TO DELETE EVERY OTHER GAME IN THE COMPUTER TO INSTALL IT AND IT STILL WILL NOT WORK WELL , SO , UNLESS YOUR CHILD HAS A TOP OF THE LINE COMPUTER , , , NOT RECOMMENDED !
 My son is 3 and a half . He has mastered many games like Jumpstart Preschool , etc. . This game is way to difficult for him . There are numbers moving on the wall , so he not only has to identify the numbers but try to click on them as they move past . I would HIGHLY not recommend this game for younger kids under the age of 5 .
 If you have a child that loves Dora and you have -LSB- amount -RSB- to spend , go for it . Otherwise , steer clear . Here are my reasons : * There is not much replay value in the game . It is the same set of tasks to perform each time you play and they always come in the same order . * There is not a large variety of things to do -LRB- Discovery Airport was the same price and it seems to have a lot more to do -RRB- . * The tasks that are performed do not seem have much educational value when compared to other software like the Jumpstart line . * The product seems like it was put together quickly so it could be rushed to market in order to capitalize on Dora 's popularity.Having said all of this , I will admit that the graphics are nice . It does look like the show .
 There is very little interaction so it 's more like a cartoon with four short activities thrown in . The activities do n't have a repeat option so when they 're done , you 're forced to move on.The graphics are nice but we could get almost the same amount of interaction with the TV show . A big disappointment .
 I bought this software for my nieces ... and they were pretty excited to see Dora on the box . They ripped it open with glee and we installed it.Well , I guess Quality Control is missing in the Lost City - the software simply was n't translating my mouse clicks in a standard way , and so interacting with the software became a adventure ! The software worked great in terms of seeing and hearing Dora ... but when we tried to interact with Dora and her friends , well , that was an exercise in frustration!As a software developer , I found it unusable . Totally unusable . It was so wrong , I sent a note to tech support.Tech support responded in a day or two , but unfortunately their reply did n't offer any advice in correcting my usability issue.I suggest something else - my nieces were very disappointed . I was disappointed too .
 This game was no where near challenging enough for our 41/2 year old . He played it once and was bored with it . It may be more appropriate for < 3 . The work sheets are a waste of paper . All levels are easy , there is no challenge to the games . Very disappointed ! Should be marketed to 2-3 year olds .
 My 4-year-old has this game - and she likes it OK , even though this is not her favorite game by far . Actually , there is one main reason I gave this game just two stars - the voice and speakig manner of Dora , the main character is so annoyingly whiny and affected , it embodies everything I hate about the way certain people -LRB- typically female -RRB- are speaking . This unnatural , annoying voice grates on the nerves so much that I 'm seriously considering removing the game from the computer so that my daughter wo n't speak the same way .
 I bought this product because it specifically stated that is is supported Mac OS X 10.1.x and above . Turns out that there is a problem with the mouse tracking on OS X 10.2 that makes the game unusable . I went to the company 's website for a patch only to find out there is n't one , and there will not be one . Their solution is to install it in 0S 9 and boot into OS 9 to play it . I checked for OS X support specifically to avoid such nonsense.I am very disappointment in this product as a result and would recommend looking elsewhere for both Windows and Mac if a company such as this can not properly fix their bugs . $ 15 wasted and one very unhappy Toddler .
 My daughter is 4 and loves Dora . The game is short and not interesting her . Also it 's seems there are a few glitches in the game . Trying to get the stars into backpack is nerve racking . You do n't actually click on the stars but just to the outside of it . It becomes a pain . Do n't waste you money .
 I have a 3 year old , and after a week , she is already bored with this game . For $ 20 , there should be more to do . It constantly repeats itself , and has no real direction . Very limited number of activities available , and really no variety . I would not recommend this game at all . I am currently reading reviews to find something much more interesting .
 This game is OK and my 3-year-old son plays it from time to time . He loves Dora and Diego , so I thought this would be a great hit , but it has been pretty disappointing . There are two game `` tracks '' with 3 levels of difficulty . My son completed both tracks in about 30 minutes . It 's pretty repetitive after that , even at higher skill levels . He gets pretty bored with the long-winded videos in between the actual games.I took off an extra star for requiring that the CD be in the computer when he plays the software . It 's 2011 now -- get with the program . You require me to register the program any way , so use a license number like every other software company .
 I bought this game for my daughter . When I tried to install it to my computer , the security program -LRB- MS security essentail -RRB- warned that it detected a malware . So , I scanned this game by the other security program -LRB- Tred-micro office scan -RRB- . It also detected same malware . Finally , I threw it away .
 Unfortunately , since I own a large screen computer , my son was not able to play the games . The program does not adjust to screen size . The game would cut off important parts , which made it impossible to play the games.If you have a screen that 's large , then you 're bound to have a problem . I would suggest you buy Reader Rabbit computer games instead . Those work a lot better .
 If you are using an Imac with OSX , do not buy this product . It requires some system gymnastics to work , which is beyond my four-year old 's ability to perform every time she wants to play . Skip this one and go to something else .
 i have bought two copies of this game . they were bad reprints of the original . on level 8 it cuts off . i had the original about 12 years ago and the CD and case was different . i have disc 2 of the original and tried both disc . I hear others out there with the problem.IF THE DISC SAYS `` INFOGAMES '' IT NOT THE ORIGINAL AND ITS NO GOOD.MOST THE GOOD STUFF START AFTER LEVEL 8 AND 9 .
 I ran out an got this immediately when it was announced because I like to get the latest software and have been using Filemaker for over 10 years.Now I want to go back to 6 . For some reason 7 is SLOWER than 6 . All functions hang before executing from performing a find to changing between layout views there is a noticeable lag before the desired screen comes up and when you asked for it . Additionally once you perform the function you find yourself waiting . Especially performing finds I am noticing that it takes a while for the program to give me results . Since I use this function constantly that 's a major pain in the ass . In 6 the delay between when I hit the find button and the results coming up was non existant . Performing finds in 6 on the same machine was lightning fast . In 7 it is not.Since I use this function more than any other and because there is also an increase in wait times on many other functions in the program , like creating a new record , sorting and everything else , I would not reccomend this upgrade.Ray
 Ratings.Graphics :5 Speed :1 -LRB- too fast -RRB- . Players :6 -LRB- need more goalies -RRB- Voices :4 -LRB- Ronny is dorky and has a high and baby voice.Difficulty :1 -LRB- I win all the time -RRB- . If you like hockey get NHL 2003 -LRB- it actully has all real players . Wow is n't that better than Ronny Dobbs.Don ' t waste cash on Backyard Hockey .
 I purchased this game for my daughter for Christmas and it had a defect in the install program . I returned it for another , and the same problem occurred . I have all the system requirements , but I think a bad batch was made . Be careful !
 Nisus has nice software , but they will not support you . Avoid this stuff !! I wrote them about 10 times after my Nisus crashed , and they just blow you off with short e-mails . Terrible support . Avoid at all costs !!
 This is duplicative of the review that I posted under Sony ScreenBlast Movie Studio 3.0 , the product Sony had before they released Vegas Movie Studio 4.0 . ***** I recently had correspondence with Sony . They advised me that they shut down ScreenBlast.com on 9/30/04 . They confirmed that there will be no updates for ScreenBlast Movie Studio 3.0 in the future , since they have essentially discontinued it . You can imagine my dismay , having purchased this product only 6 months ago.They did say that they will support it if you e-mail them , but there is no site for User Tips , etc. anymore . Because of my frustration , they sent me all the links to the media -LRB- sound , video files , etc. -RRB- that would have been available to me at ScreenBlast.com , since I was n't able to get it before they shut the site down . They also extended me an offer to buy an upgrade to their replacement product , Vegas Movie Studio 4.0 , which includes DVD Architech Studio 2.0 -LRB- instead of MyDVD -RRB- . After enough complaining on my part , they gave me the full version of the replacement product for free . Initially , I felt pretty good about that and felt that they had taken care of me adequately.That was until after another inquiry I sent them brought me this message
 I read the glossy reviews so I bought it . Yes , it more stable than the Pinnacle software and captures the video from my SONY Digital 8 camcorder fine . But that 's where the goodies stop.I can get the thing on the DVD . I wasted 10 DVDs at least and it ca n't seem to locate the path where the DVDs are installed.Unless you have money to burn , do n't get this software . Even reading the manual many times wo n't help . I had success with the Pinnacle Studo even though it crashes -LRB- save the thing often -RRB- , it at least works and is easy to use.I am out about $ 80 + now .
 I was going to try both the Sony Vegas Movie Studio 6.0 and ULead VideoStudio 9.0 , so being a Sony fan , I first downloaded Sony 's trial version , and unfortunately it seems I wo n't be buying the full version any time soon . It seems that the Sony Movie Studio 6.0 was really made for mini DV and not for mini DVD camcorders , since it is unwilling to do video capture from a Sony DVD camcorder -LRB- mine is a DCR-DVD403 -RRB- . Instead , there is an archaic option to do an import instead -LRB- no shortcut or icon for this option -RRB- . But before you say there you have it , there 's more . If you recorded your mini DVDs in DVD-VR as all self-respecting professional would do , you 're out of luck , since Sony Movie Studio 6.0 only recognizes DVD-Video recordings . So I figured I can get around this , I 'll just copy the files onto my hard drive , and import it into the Project Media folder . Copying is easy , but making Sony Movie Studio to accept it is impossible , since the trial version does not allow the import of MPEG-1 or -2 files into the Project Media . So , here 's my question
 I recently bought Vegas Movie Studio Platinum 9.0 because the video processing shareware software which comes with my Canon VIXIA HF100 , ImageMixer 3SE is kind of cumbersome to use and has no documentation.The Movie Studio software seemed to install on my Windows Vista Home Premium desktop without any noticeable problems . However , when you try to run it for the first time , it forces you to register on-line . When I clicked the ok button to register , it gave me a popup that said `` registration requires administrator privileges . Please run vegas Movie Studio ... from an administrator account to complete registration '' . So I tried starting movie studio from my admin account and got the same results . Then I tried uninstalling the program and reinstalling from my administrative account with the same results.So I got on the Sony chat support and asked them what to do.For the next two weeks I got one suggestion after another from Sony 's tech support
 I had the same problem as another reviewer . I spent hours on a project only to learn that it will not burn your final project to DVD as it is advertised . I was gon na call sony for support , only to learn that if you want to talk to anyone , you must purchase an expensive `` support plan '' What a joke . Go with Pinnacle .
 Yes , despite the hype , this is strictly a professional program ... that is unless you have HOURS to struggle with the non-intuitive controls or the `` tell you half the story then leave you hanging '' instructions . To avoid frustration , check out the other programs that are more amature friendly . Yes , you can - and I have - make wonders with this program but it is n't worth it .
 After countless hours this software is not at all user friendly , overly complex , and mostly marketing hype . Buy a Mac and use iMovie to save the frustration from this awful product .
 Another appalling `` Tycoon '' game . No sounds , poor graphics , VERY DULL ! Avoid this game at all costs !
 This is by far the worst tycoon game I have ever played ! I love Tycoon games and have a huge variety . Some are better than others of course but this one was the worst I have ever seen . It is not even worth it to play it if it is free . It is very boring . I thought at first maybe I just didnt get this game , so I had other people play it and they all said it was the stupidist thing also . I thought it was so dumb that maybe I was just doing something wrong but guess not .
 the good : uh um lets see thats hard ... its cheap , the reqments are low?the bad : There is no sound effects , only 1 short song and after thats over its dead silence , gets boring after 30 mins or if you didnt get the starter loan payed off 1 hour , after you pay off the starter loan its gets boring , dont you think you will get a little annoyed if all the advertisement is a one black in white picture of a lady and perfume?well there is only 1 scene for each catagory of shows.Well do you think the good can cover all the bad?I dont think so.I wonder how the devolepers feel about this game , they could of made this a great tycoon and sell it for lots but I guess they did not care.Should you buy this game?Even if you realy realy realy want to run a tv station your better off in buying the game called The Movies.Trust me its cheap but I think of it was made with the other free games that came with windows , its cheap but save your money remeber about shipping handling so its not as cheap as it looks.Overall scores : Gameplay :3 -LRB- bad -RRB- graphics :2 -LRB- terrible -RRB- sound :1 -LRB- abysmal -RRB- value :5 -LRB- merly ok ... -RRB- -LRB- becuase of price -RRB- tilt :3 -LRB- bad -RRB- Overall :2.8 -LRB- TERRIBLE -RRB- Thank you for reading !
 gameplay :5 graphics :2 sound :1 value :6 tilt :5 OVARALL :4.5 -LRB- poor -RRB- I wonder why the company made this a low quaility game.This could of been a moderate quaility game and sold it for $ 20-30 but i guess they dont care if people like it and they are making money or not.There is one old jazz sond in the game but after that short song is over its dead silence and no sound effect whats so ever -LRB- if they did add that stuff this game would be big -RRB- and the game is all black and white and just 1 picture for each kind of movie and there is 1 for advertisment also -LRB- if they took the time to make this like watching a movie on the game called The movies the graphics would of got higher -RRB- . The gameplay could of been way better and cant be your main game you play becuase this game is no fun if you play it longer than 1 hour max a day.Altho there is so much bad it doesnt mean junk this game is better than junk it can be a great backup game if you get bored of games that are moderate and high quility games -LRB- happens somethimes -RRB- . but the fair value cant cover all the bad . If you want to run a game to do with the Tv and movie industy buy the game called The Movies altho more expensive it is way better than this game.This game just wasnt well diesgned .
 I have played many tycoon games and some are more difficult than others . However , TV Tycoon has absolutely no chance of winning . The setting is 1954 , that is fine , except you begin with a Bank loan of 24,000,000 at an interest RATE of 20 % per DAY -LRB- yes , that 's correct -RRB- !!! In the beginning you can only make about 1-2 million a day which barely cover the 1 million dollar a day rental expense for the TV station . . by the time you are making any kind of income , the bank loan has compounded to over 60 million dollars , that would be 12 million a day interest , and at the end of 15 days you will owe over 1 billion dollars . NO way of winning this game ! Not fun to always lose . Buy Zoo tycoon or Rollercoaster tycoon , or Resort tycoon , or Farm tycoon or SIM city instead . These games are winable .
 I have played some wonderful Tycoon games including Pizza Tycoon and Ski Resort Tycoon . Rollercoaster Tycoon was even better than this one . I found it difficult to play and it had problems displaying the text . The concept was good , but it failed miserably . The graphics were terrible . Either this is very old or someone lost their touch . I was interested in Health and Fitness Tycoon , but it seems that the review for that is similar , and I ca n't find a demo , so I think it might be another dud . Do n't want to waste my money again .
 I 've been trying to play this game with my 4 year old . The game loads slowly and one has to wait for the animation to finish before doing anything . The hints in the book tell were one can look for parts for the racer , but items needed to get those parts are not listed thus no hints for secondary items.Through hours of frustration and at the insistence of my little one I 've discovered all the secondary items are at Little Critter 's house . Here is the list
 PLEASE let me know whenever these wonderful games are `` up to speed '' with using WindowsXP ... I can get them on ebay , why ca n't AMazon provide them ?
 We just fired this disc up yesterday and I must say I 'm surprised . We really love -LRB- and own -RRB- just about every Humungous kids game they have created and they 're all great . They 're all constructed in the same way
 I purchased this thinking it would be a good computer game for older children . It 's nowhere near as good as Freddie . As a matter of fact , it bores even the younger children AND the older children would rather play Freddie . If you 're in the market for computer games , Freddie the Fish are the best .
 HOME COOKS ONLY NEED APPLY . THE PROGRAM NEEDS REVAMPING BECAUSE THE TIPS -LRB- HOW TO CHOP AN ONION -RRB- DO NOT RECYCLE , SO THE DOZEN OR SO HINTS LIKE THAT ARE THE SUM TOTAL
 Salt of the earth people trading recipes over the back fence . Crushed soda crackers ? Cans and jars and bottles , oh my . This type of cooking reaches the level of most high school students .
 I am a home software tech , and test most every registry fixer ... that gets good reviews.WinCleaner did n't pass ... ! Most are too aggressive and REALLY mess up your system -LRB- I then quickly restore full system with Acronis True Image `` 9 '' -LRB- only , read my review ! -RRB- -RRB- ! WinCleaner hardly found anything on my dirty ... system -LRB- 21 -RRB- - Save your money!For general SAFE freeware registry ... cleaning - `` CCleaner & EasyCleaner '' -LRB- found 79 -RRB- are GREAT!For general SAFE freeware file cleaning -LRB- literally usually deletes thousands of old useless files ! -RRB- - `` Cleanup '' is a proven favorite!For more thorough registry/file ... cleaning i.e. Like getting rid of all traces of old AV/firewall ... program , XP ! - I have safely used Fix-it Utilities `` 6 '' -LRB- found 229 -RRB- Utilities ONLY ! READ my review ! -RRB- -RRB- .1 . THOROUGH Uninstall Procedure - Disable ... , uninstall pgm -LRB- add/remove -RRB- , RESTART . Delete entire folder -LRB- make sure that all pgms inside were first deleted/restart ... -RRB- , Cleanup , RESTART -LRB- not ALL ... gone until restart ! -RRB- .2 . Fix-it `` One Stop Solutions / their cleanup -LRB- VERY THOROUGH on removing remnants ... ! -RRB- '' . Cleanup , RESTART .3 . Fix-it `` Fix '' , `` Registry Fixer '' . Delete green/yellow -LRB- VERY careful on red ! -RRB- , keep rerunning -LRB- slow , back ... -RRB- until clean . RESTART!Now you can install your new ... -LRB- first disable all anti ... -RRB- .
 I have purchased hundreds of items , including software from this site over the past decade plus . THIS IS THE ABSOLUTELY WORST ITEM THAT I HAVE EVER PURCHASED FROM THIS SITE OR ANYWHERE !!!! The software worked for only ONE computer !!! NUMEROUS EMAILS to wincleaner are fully ignored.THIS COMPANY IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST !!!! Do not be fooled by trolls who give this product more than one star ! The company must have employees log on to give this product favorable evaluations , but read the truth for the numerous people who have been robbed by wincleaner.Offered serial number , valid purchase info. , but wincleaner does not even take the time to respond w. activation code.Save your money and buy air !
 Customer service is terrible . Should be zero stars . The Anti virus program is provided by a third party who 's service is no longer online at the time of this message . It has been nearly a week of trying to register my software with no success . They never return email messages . In my opinion , the anti virus part of the software package is a rip off . The WinCleaner One Click is nice and easy to use . Not worth the bundle price . I am switching back to Norton .
 I bought this quick as my laptop got wiped out and I needed another copy . But I got an older version with a really ugly interface and probably less functionality . Takeway for me . Look closely at the version before buying .
 I would have rated this upgrade four stars or more had Adobe made it clear that real time is only available IF a Premiere real time project setting is created . The advertisement conveniently failed to make it clear that real time preview is not available to any type of project except a DV - NTSC/PAL Real-Time project.If you use real time hardware -LRB- in my case a Matrox RT2500 -RRB- , I must make a Matrox project to use my hardware 's render free abilities thus disabling Adobe 's real time previewing.If I open a DV - NTSC/PAL Real-Time project setting I can use Adobe 's real time previewing at the expense of losing my Matrox 's hardware real time ability.Nor can I edit or even view my video clips captured in the Matrox type DV File within the Premiere real time project setting.So if you choose to capture your DV files in your hardware 's proprietary DV file format , Premiere 's real time project ca n't read it - it has to be captured or converted to plain DV -LRB- NTSC or PAL -RRB- . Its convenient use the upgrade on a laptop , but remember you have to waste time reconverting the video files to use on your real time hardware.Don ' t be confused what Adobe is doing here . They 've given Premiere real time preview -LRB- hit the return key to see immediate results play at normal speed but you can not advance/reverse at any other speed manually -RRB- meaning you ca n't drag the time line cursor back or forth to see the results.Premiere is great news if for those who want `` real time '' PREVIEW results without hardware but is useless for those with real time hardware.Adobe threw in few new effects but if you own extra hardware yours probably already does it .
 This upgrade version of `` Adobe Premiere 6.5 '' has got clips and sound editing tools , which professionals may like , but the fact that Adobe chose to make it incompatible with RealPlayer , QuickTime , and TitleDeko has forced me to rate it low.Also , do not assume that because it comes with a nice MPEG encoder , that you can easily use it as an all-in-one programme for editing and recording your DVDs . The reason for this being that its designers has ensured that it does not contain any DVD authoring accessory.Although that its video-effects commands , as well as superimposing menu are really impressive , its overall cons simply outweighed its pros.Know that this software would have been wonderful , had Adobe not deliberately limited both its capabilities and compatibilities .
 Since you 're looking at the Upgrade version , you must be a Premiere user . This version offers better MPEG-2 support for DVD production than do prior versions , so it 's very tempting . However , other reviewers have described instability problems with Windows XP . At the end of August 2003 , Adobe is introducing Adobe Premiere Pro . `` Pro '' Version is `` built for the exceptional performance of Microsoft Windows XP systems . '' You can upgrade to Pro from prior Premiere versions , but there is n't a Pro version for Mac . It sounds suspiciously like rather than offering a fix for compatibility problems , Adobe is selling the fix as an `` upgrade . '' If I had known about Pro , I would NOT have spent the money on this version.However , if for some reason you prefer to buy the obsolete version , you may benefit from my installation experience . To install the product , you need to enter a serial number during installation . The directions direct you to the back of the jewel case for the serial number . However , the jewel case does not have a serial number . The registration card has a number pre-entered for you in the serial number spot , but this IS N'T a valid serial number . Adobe charges for technical support and I refuse to pay for technical support for when my problem is a defective product . So I called customer service , who verified that I was a registered owner of a previous version and made me fax my receipt of purchase for the upgrade to them . They promised that Adobe Security would contact me in 2 days with a new serial number . Five days later -LRB- three business days and a weekend -RRB- , I called Customer Service asking for a serial number . They responded that they had all my information , but since the Customer Service representative had entered something incorrectly in their computer , the case was n't being processed . The representative apologized , fixed the mistake , and promised me a serial number within 48 hours . 47 hours and 59 minutes later , I 'm back on hold with Customer Service trying to get a serial number . This time , the Customer Service representative told me that you need to enter the serial number from Premiere version from which you 're upgrading . Logical , but why was n't I told this in my last two calls ? She apologized for the fact that I found installation `` confusing . '' However , the installation instructions for the product specifically direct you to the CD jewel case . I 'm not confused ; the instructions for installation are clear and I followed them properly . She replied that the same instructions are supplied with the full and upgrade version . They just do n't work for the Upgrade version.For the money this upgrade costs , Adobe could afford to include proper instructions . Indeed , its interesting to me that they sell their technical support and then knowingly give you the WRONG instructions for installation . And if you 're thinking you can just use your serial number from your old version , that does n't work either ! I needed to enter my old serial number with three numbers appended to the end of it . These three numbers did n't appear anywhere in my old version , only my Customer Service representative knew them . There really was no hope of being able to install this program without telephone assistance.All this hassle and a version comes out in a few weeks that fixes the compatibility problems with Windows XP . If Microsoft had updated Windows and that forced me to upgrade my Adobe products , I might find that to be fair . However , Adobe Premiere 6.5 is sold as a Windows XP program . You 're not allowed to mention prices in these reviews , but we all know that these `` upgrades '' are a three digit expense . I have to spend again in three weeks to get another program with the same features but better compatibility with my operating system?I 'm yet another Adobe customer who likes Adobe products , but not the experience of being an Adobe customer .
 This is a very complex interface ... not for anyone less then a Professional . Would not recommend this software for video editing . I use many of Adobe products , but they dropped the ball on this one .
 I 've tried this software on multiple computers and had trouble with it crashing while exporting MPEGs and also during Advanced Windows Media Export . The level of quality of this software is quite poor . It could be an incompatibility with Windows XP -LRB- both Home and Professional -RRB- , but since the box says it 's XP compatible I 'm not quite sure.Adobe has been sued in the past -LRB- class action lawsuit -RRB- due to the lack of stability of Premiere 5.0 , which I was upgrading from . I only upgraded because I did n't want to pay a lot more for original software of some other brand which I 'd have to learn from scratch . Adobe seems to have learned nothing from its experience in court , and is again putting out software which does n't meet decent standards . Software that does n't work as advertised should not be put on the market.Please do not buy this software , as it is n't ready for prime time , at least for XP users . Please show Adobe that putting out software that does n't work is not a good way to make money.I guess I 'm stuck waiting for the next update from Adobe . Any word on when that will be ? I would start another class action lawsuit , but after paying for the upgrade I ca n't afford a lawyer . Just kidding , but the upgrade is overpriced considering just about everything is the same as it was in 6.0 , which I have experience with.Titles already came with Adobe 5.1 so I 'm not sure why everyone thinks that 's a new feature . The only thing new is real time preview and MPG-2 support , which does n't even work properly on 2 out of 2 of the machines I 've tried it on -LRB- both generic Pentium 4s with plenty of memory -RRB- . The manual is for the wrong version and is completely useless for those trying to learn the new features , such as MPG export -LRB- see the dialog box help button for that -RRB- . In the video export section , they mention a `` Save to web '' feature which no longer exists , and the nonexistent CD-ROM Optimized Plugin . At least in the online help index they indented the subtopics under a particular topic -LRB- in prior versions it was a big mess -RRB- , which at least makes it easy to find out that they do n't have a topic you 're looking for.To summarize , my recommendation is to stick with 6.0 or go with some other brand entirely , if you can afford it .
 Very disappointed in the product . It has great music that my kids love , but they ca n't use their own metal dance mat . It does n't say anywhere that I have read , but you must use the foam pad provided and you must use it on your computer . It does n't hook into the TV like the other products on the market . I sure wish someone would make a Christian music product that works on the playstation !! The Christian market is huge , but this product just is n't as good as it needs to be to compete !
 I think this is hard for an adult , let alone a kid !! It can be fun and can get your heart raised , but sometimes the pad does n't respond when you step on it making it very frustrating !
 It 's hard to ddr with the arrows going in the opposite direction - it was easy to learn the other way . My Mom is bummed that I 'm not playing . Good music - why ca n't they make it as easy to dance as ddr ?
 I LOVED Dance Praise 1 yet had great issues with keeping the pad configured . My seller was awesome and credited me immediately for my return . I am grateful !
 purchased in 2008 , it hosed up my computer from the start and I had to replace the hard drive to remove it , thought about reinstalling today but it will cost me another 29.95 to get it going , not a good product .
 Here 's my review of Kidswatch
 I was recently thinking of the amount of time my son , Tim , spent on the computer , and felt that when I was a child , I played outside and was fine without a computer game . So , why does my son need a computer ? I was n't going to take away his computer , he is already far too attached to it . So i figured , I wonder if there is a product I can buy to limit my son 's time on the computer , so I search for a program to do so and sure enough , found Kidswatch . I installed it onto his computer , and he came out of his room asking me , `` Why does my computer say it has a few minutes before it shuts off ? '' . So I explain my actions to him , and Tim was n't happy to say the least . After that , Tim did n't talk to me for about two weeks , and his grades started to drop , and he was sent home twice for getting in fights . As a father , I was concerned for my son 's mental health and asked him if everything was alright . He responded without even so much as looking at me . My son 's high school contacted me a day later , asking if I had dropped him off at school . Of course I had . So now , Tim was cutting class . This had to stop immediately . I sat him down that night , asking him how school was . He said `` Fine '' , as most kids do . I told him about his school calling , and Tim yelled about Kidswatch , and how he hates me for not trusting him . After that night , I thought about his other stress at chool , being pressured by freinds , grades and teachers . I then uninstalled Kidswatch from his computer , and after that , his grades improved , he no longer was cutting class , getting in fights , and ignoring me . To any parents thinkning of buying Kidswatch , or any time-restricting programs for their children . Kids have stress enough in school , as all parents can remember and relate , do n't make your child 's life any more stressful by making them feel you do n't trust them . Take it from a parent of a 15 year old boy .
 The product was impossible to set up and ridiculously cumbersome to use . I returned it .
 I bought this because of its ' high rating , but after two years of owning this software , I am not sure what other people liked about it . It was difficult to install , and every year it shuts off internet access until you pay $ 29.95 again . I have had this installed for two years and I have had to pay it every year . I use it on two computers for my two kids . Every time I paid this I had more trouble . It seems that paying the extra $ 29.95 is not enough to get it working again . I had to call customer service each time to get it working again , and so , twice a year , I have to spend hours on the phone to customer service to get it working again . -LRB- I have to do this once for each computer per year -RRB- . Learn from my mistake , Avoid this money and time bandit . Maybe they call it `` Time Control '' because of the time an adult has to spend trying to keep this software running .
 After using the software for one year , I am satisfied with the functions and ease of use of the software . However , I am totally surprised recently to find out that for the web filtering function , there is a $ 29.99 annual subscription fee , which in my opinion , it is a total rip off . What 's the purpose of the software without web filtering ? It 's cheaper to buy a new one than paying this fee every year . The fee is not listed anywhere on the box or product description . Here is the link to their FAQs :[ ... -RSB-
 I have Windows XP and this is installed on two computers . This software has prevented my kids from accessing the safe websites I have listed forcing me to bypass everytime so they can access them . What 's the point then ? On bypass mode it wo n't even list the websites or computer files accessed , much less the time period or date . Additionally , it will cause glitches on the admin 's side and I ca n't access my own programs . Also , it will randomly shut off the settings I have customized for the kids forcing me to restart the computer . It will say `` the settings are locked by another process '' . I 'm uninstalling this expensive piece of garbage today and replacing with something better . do not waste your time . I did for two years and it was just ridiculous .
 After reading all the great reviews , I decided to take a chance on Kids Watch . My experience is that it got rid of all the files I had on the desktop containing years of research , it has made it impossible to download and read simple docs , as well as having caused problems when trying to print ... I followed directions to log on as administrator to see if I could change any settings that may be causing these problems - but all I got was an error . I decided to give up and uninstall , but of course the program reboots my computer and is still active ... more problems . So at 4:30 , I call customer service -- no answer -- I tried calling tech support -- still no answer . But they are supposed to be open until 6pm ! Boy do I wish it did n't get rid of my files , I wish it worked as it should , and I wish I never laid eyes on Kid 's Watch .
 I would advise NOT buying this software . I have contacted the company 4 times for help in resolving an issue , and I never got any kind of response . If you buy it , you should pray that there are no issues for your computer .
 The software provided a sample of what I needed , yet , I found it was obsolete . I was expecting an updated version . I was not able to do what I really needed without ordering and paying for another version . Quite disappointing .
 I just purchased Quicken Home and Small Business Legal Suite 2003 . I am surprised that the software is no longer supported and that no updates are available . I am also surprised that there is not a residential lease document . There was a residential lease document in Quicken Business Lawyer 2000 . There are also far fewer legal forms available in the software than were available in earlier versions of the software .
 This does not work on newer operating systems such as Windows Vista . The company does not care.They do not help at all . They offer you a different title , but give no assistance in findingan appropriate title that might work with your operating system -LRB- basically , they 've updated noneof their stuff it seems and do not care -RRB- . They e-mail you back every 7 days and that is about it.It 's horrible . Why would they have software that only works on old systems ? Pretty useless.Stick to scholastic software .
 My son would not even try to play it after it was cut on . It did not grab his attention .
 I am using this software with the full version of Outlook and using the default level of protection . It filters my spam emails down from about 100/day to about 10/day , however even after spending the $ for the full version of Outlook there are significant bugs and limitations to this solution.The biggest issue is the lack of support and definition updates . Spam is constantly evolving to be more difficult to detect , and yet the last major release of this product is now a half year old , and the product update process does not work well at all . My correspondence with the company has been unanswered or I have been directed to install even older versions to work around bugs . Clicking to receive the latest definition updates has no discernable effect upon the filter effectiveness or lack thereof.It does not fully support organization rules that sort email into different mailboxes . If you are using multiple mailboxes they do not automatically get filtered and you need to manually click Clean Mailbox | Unread Mail every day on one or more mailboxes.Also , I found the automatic spam reporting capabilities -LRB- notifying policing agencies -RRB- to be unusable . At this point I manually forward the few most offensive items to spamcop and delete the rest.On the good side there have been almost no cases where it mistakenly quarantined mail that I desired to receive . ---------------------------------- February 2004 update - the support on this software is very poor . new spammer techniques bypass the detection algorithms and the updates have not kept up . The software only allows me to mark 19 emails as spam at a time , and it takes over 20 seconds to mark those 19 spam emails . This is becoming almost unusable and I am revising my year old reccomendation downwards from 3 stars to 1 star . Look elsewhere for something more effective .
 I purchased iHateSpam based on a review I saw in a magazine , only to discover that this product dumped all of my emails -LRB- some 2 years worth !! -RRB- , and caused Outlook to lock up permanently . I called their customer service a few days ago and got the run around , and they told me there was nothing they could do , and that I would have to reformat and reinstall Windows 98 !! Thanks for the help guys !! I also discovered that this company is known for their spam - I guess it 's otherwise known as JOB SECURITY !!
 For example , you are susposed to be able to block entire domains from sending you spam . I blocked @china . com repeatly with no obvious results . The software relies on ten year old technology and does n't keep up with spamers.Don ' t waste your money .
 If you 're an XP user be careful . I could n't get it to install . Called their tech service and after about 45 seconds of telling me there was nothing they could do about it , they said they 'd tell sales to call me about returning it , since it has a 30 day money back guarantee . Guess what , no one called and subsequent calls were ignored .
 I bought and installed I Hate Spam on Outlook Express . In spite of careful setting of filters , it continues to place good mail in ` Deleted ' and put garbage in my ` Inbox ' . But , that is not the worst of it !! I have uninstalled it from my computer and it CONTINUES to interfere with my email and delete my good mail . I CA N'T GET RID OF IT !! I Hate `` I Hate Spam '' .
 I just purchased iHateSpam recently and am impressed by it so far.However , what I am not impressed with is that fact the when I ordered the product , I was added to a SPAM list for W2KNews.I never agreed to be signed up for this service . I find it amazing and appalling that a software company who creates software to eliminate spam would sign their customers up to another spam list , WITHOUT PROVIDING ANY OPTION . I really do n't care if it 's `` complimentary '' or not . It 's still spam if I did not agree to it.If I do receive any of these W2Knews emails , I will be quite happy to use your Report function and add them to the iHateSpam Learning Network.One more thing , I did not appreciate the software adding their domains to my `` friends '' list automatically -- sunbelt-software . com , w2knews.com , winxpnews.com , wxpnews.com . This also seems to be a rather shady practice
 This software is good at filtering spam . However , I have two major beefs with them.When I bought the software , they signed me up for one of their newsletters W2Knews without giving the option not to sign up . I find it incredible that a software company who develops a program to eliminate spam , would sign me up for SPAM when I bought it.Also , you may notice that they add their own domains -- sunbelt-software . com , w2knews.com , winxpnews.com , wxpnews.com to your `` friends '' list when you install . Seems like a pretty shady practice to me.I 'm still in shock that they would do this .
 This may be a wonderful product but I will never know because I bought it to filter my AOL account . And only after receiving the product did I see where it says in VERY small print in the lower , last paragraph that `` AOL is not supported . '' It would have been nice to have that information somewhere visible in the advertising .
 Although IHateSpam ! works OK , buyer BEWARE
 I did n't read everything and wound up with a program I ca n't use . This program DOES NOT work with AOL . Be aware of this before you buy !
 I uninstalled this program because I ended up spending more time dealing with it than it took simply to delete spam messages every morning . It is not capable of detecting messages with forged headers and does not provide an option for automatically deleting messages from foreign countries , which constitute a tremendous amount of the spam I receive .
 How ironic that Sunbelt Software -LRB- the makers of this software -RRB- , are themselves spammers . They own and operate Winxpnews , a newsletter that I never subscribed to and ca n't seem to get unsubscribed from . Their software may be good but I 'd rather drive nails through my kneecaps then contribute financially to spammers . You should n't either .
 I bought IHateSpam a few months ago , and I had lots of problems . Finally I got to make it work , but it seems that the filtering process slows down Outlook . I first tried to uninstall the automatic software update , eliminated some filters , etc.But IHateSpam kept kept crashing Outlook , so I ended spending lots of times every day restarting outlook.I have uninstalled it and I am now manually deleting my spam , while IHateSpam works out on how to make their software more efficient.If they resolve those problems I would install the software again .
 I ca n't complain about the price ! But it was only when the product arrived that I discovered the filter is tuneable if you use Outlook , but not if you use Outlook Express . Since I prefer to stay with Outlook Express , IHateSpam 's place is the circular file . Well , I guess I can use the CD for a coaster.Of course , if you want to go for the `` Best Value '' offer of IHateSpam for free bundled with Outlook 2002 ... , that 's another matter !
 I used this software for a year thinking I was doing the world a favor by waiting for it to bounce spam back to the senders , but I have found that it is a good idea with poor execution.Problems include : - Causes Outlook to fault and Outlook is always asking me if it can disable it . - Sloooooow updates . The update process takes about half an hour and it slows my not-too-old computer to a halt . - Spawns many processes that use up all my computer 's memory . If I look at the task manager when my computer is slow , I see eight or more IHS processes running -LRB- 80-120k -RRB- , most of which are the largest programs running . I have attempted to give them a low priority , but it does n't help . - I think it is just a poorly developed program . I can close Outlook but IHS never shuts down . Great big program running all the time doing nothing but eating up my computer memory . If it were well behaved , I would think it would shut itself down with Outlook . - Supposed to put people I send mail to in the `` friends '' list and that does n't work ever , at all . - Whenever I upgraded , I would have problems and the nice support people would tell me to cclean out all my saved filters so I would have to start all over . - Those saved filters seem to eventually confuse themselves , so you ca n't just accummulate them because once they stop working , then the whole program gets confused , keeps spam and quarantines the good stuff . - The program bounces mail back but the work that demands of my computer is huge and really slows things down . I ca n't figure out how to turn that bounce off.I 've pointed out these issues to their support and they tell me to reinstall , but that has n't worked the two times I 've tried it . So , I 've given up on IHS . Too bad .
 I was very disappointed to learn after receiving my merchandise that is is not compatible with AOL .
 This software could be great , but it is very unstable and wreaks havoc on your system . It causes my computer to run very slowly at best , and crashes several times per day . Do yourself a favor and steer clear of this one .
 supposed to be a rebate on this item.how do I get it ?
 No better then the block that is part of Outlook Express . I think this is a waste of money .
 This software only catches half the spam I get . When it misses emails with text such as `` Banned government CD '' I have to wonder if they guys are updating their software at all .
 I was very disapointed with this product . Missed about half of my spam and performed poorer than the freeware solutions I had been using.The interface is easy to use but if it is n't going to catch the spam , what 's the point ? The highly promoted `` learning network '' seemed to lend no improvement at all to this software . I would suggest people shell out some more money for Cloudmark 's Spamnet rather than waste their money on a product that offers almost no improvement at all.The only good thing is that it generated very few false positives .
 `` IHateSpam '' filters do a marvelous job of detecting spam content , and with the right settings , give zero false positives . That 's the good news.The bads news is , it is unstable . Filtering is erratic in that sometimes , it forgets to filter , and other times it leaves out folders you have selected for auto-cleaning . The other problem is the `` crashing '' . It would get to a point , that clicking absolutely anything after getting your mail , would cause Outlook to simply close . Clicking the button that dumps the spam would do the same thing . Ultimately , my only option was to remove the program.I did re-install , and after a few days of use , the same problems would occurr again . I have notified Sunbelt and will report on any solutions they may have.I use Windows XP and have a very stable system , and Dell equipment .
 I purchased this to add to my clip art for a community newsletter . Most of the art is unusable , bad , and some in bad taste . Their categories defy logic and the `` search '' key never lights up so you spend hours searching thru 25,000 pictures to find one that you need . The only saving grace was my ability to copy the pictures into another software package I have that does allow for searches . All in all I probably found 25-30 pictures I could use .
 The graphics are very , very amateurish . My children produce better graphics in school . This company should hire better artists , charge more for their C.D.s and gain a little pride in themselves . What a waste of our money !
 This product was not thought out very well . It was more designed for New York , I thought there would be more generic forms . I has trouble getting the forms I wanted , it was a complete waste of my money . I now need to purchase another program
 Although there are plenty of categories and choices , the quality of the graphics is not very high on most of the images . Although there are nice graphics throughout , majority are cartoonish or sketch-type that are not suitable for business publications . There is no catalog , of course , so you have to browse through the thousands of images . And worse yet , the Web graphics can not be previewed by the viewer so you 're left at guessing until you paste it into your own software . Some good graphics , but you should n't count this being your only clip art source if you 're working on professional publications .
 It wo n't install if your hard drive is called anything other than C. I contacted the company online and they said they did n't provide tech support for this product . I am running Windows XP .
 Although the graphics are good , they are of little or no use for my needs .
 The `` Manual '' of 28 pages must be printed from the web site-not the CD and is an exercise in futility since nothing applies to the program on the CD . Error codes e.g. 530 stop all action but there is no way to determine what the error is . The company web site is in Australia and totally impregnable except to purchase more of their sorry wares . It was totally useless in uploading my web site to GoDaddy . I 'll try to get a refund ...
 There are many FTP softwares out there and that is why you should most likely keep searching . This software does not run on updated OP/SYS . It does not say that until after you have it installed . Secondly , it has bugs in its update and replace areas , i.e. it does n't do it well . Over half failed and required multiple name changes and file saves . Also , the only ` help ' or ` manual ' they offer is a link to an international site where you can type in an email and wait within a week for an answer . This is exactly the opposite that somene who is looking for speed in File Transferring wants . KEEP SEARCHING for $ 5 bucks more you 'll be glad you did .
 This product has some worthwhile educational games . But they must be launched from the disk . Some of the games launch , while others do not -LRB- I have a machine running Vista running program compatibility with Win95 -RRB- . Many of these titles are shareware/freeware types , so have even more limited playability .
 This product has yet to yeild any possitive results . The company has poor online support for its product . Do n't waste your money - the internet works better .
 The problem with this product is you are limited to loading four 16MB reqions totaling 64 MB on the SD card . You can not load one 64 MB region . If you travel a large portion of the country or go on a long rad trip , you have to break it up into sections . It is a shame that Magellan has limited the expandability of their software when large SD cards are available . This has kept me from updating my existing handheld GPS . These devices are not truely infinitely expandable as advertised .
 I recently acquired the Magellan Meridian Platinum GPS and it works great . The MapSend software is terribly flawed and is worthless , in my opinion . For instance : Near my west coast home they show a Wendy 's Restaurant situated in a wetland.In the community where I grew up in New Jersey , the software invents street arrangements where none exists . Also , street alignments will vary greatly from reality.The software reminds me of Japanese English , in that , it appears that someone tried to `` translate '' the real streets from another language.DON ' T BUY IT ! ...
 I only purchased this to use on my new MacBook . It does not work on my Mac , even tho the product description says it does work on Mac . I already have the same software for my previous Pc desktop . Wasted my money on this , $ 12 for a strange looking deck of -LRB- free -RRB- cards ...
 If you live in Europe , do n't waste your money on this program ! I live in Spain , and the program will NOT load on my computer with Spanish language Windows XP . I was really disappointed because I enjoy playing Bridge on computer ; if someone knows a card game program that will load , please let me know !
 I bought the software direct from Broderbund . The system includes 3 CDs and a little box of flashcards with several words on it per card . The main software is not different from Reader Rabbit 1st Grade v1 .1 copyright 2002 that I purchased in late 2003 . It is the same 2 cds where reader rabbit goes to cloud 9 and dreamship tales . The difference is the flashcards , the 3rd cd which has songs on it and color of the box and the 1st grade cd has been relabled to match box . The main software was not improved , it was just repackaged . Broderbund tech support is terrible . I called for help with installing the product to be told that there was a conflict on my machine after the tech support helped me for maybe 5 minutes at most . I 'm like no kidding , that is why I called . And why I bought the software from Broderbund so I could get the phone support . This was after spending about 40 hours plus downloading every update possible as they suggested and reading through their online help and emailing them and going through different phone menus and being on hold . I returned the software to them .
 This is a completely useless program . I have tried to install it on 2 different computers and it stopps at 84 % and even after an hours wait will not completely install . I tries using it even with the incomplete install and it will transcode the information and try to burn it , but stops at 90 % and will not finalize the disk so it can be played . I have wasted over 10 disks trying to get a finished copy.Tech support is no help . They keep requesting information that has nothing to do with the problem and then sending information that does not work.DON ' T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY
 I wanted a program to convert YouTube videos and DVD titles to my Smartphone/Portable Media Player . I ended up selecting this without any prior research or comparision.If you , like me , assume that because this is a boxed copy it will work better , do n't be fooled . This is the same stuff you might risk getting in downloaded software made overseas with horrible English and all . In fact , all the box contains is a CD with a serial number . Not really a surprise , these days . This may be even a bit worse since you probably wo n't be able to get a refund if it 's not working out for you.In the opinion of a professional programmer , the application is a hacked-together wrapper for several open source encoder and decoder codecs with a pretty bland user interface -LRB- that behaves differently from buttons versus menus ! -RRB- . Because of the software 's large dependency on open source codecs and because of licensing issues related to those codecs , the codecs must be downloaded INDEPENDENTLY from the software installation . This is one aspect that helps keep the price down and comparable to other online software in its league.Unlike other reveiwers , I would n't say this program is useless if you 're willing to put in some time , research , and effort . There are online download shareware apps that will work much better for you in a specific task . The thing that was appealing to me about this product despite its downfalls is that it wraps several video-related ripping and conversion tasks into one software package . To buy several applications collectively performing all these conversions will cost you about 3 or 4 times more , however , they will probably work better out of the box/out of the exe or dmg -LRB- for Mac folks -RRB- instead since many include the codec licensing costs in the software and therefore in the software itself.Customer support is nothing more than a bunch of cut and paste responses that are only a little less helpful than reading their online forums . However , they did respond to my emails promptly , which was a bit shocking . Although , I did receive information that was self-contradictory , somewhat unsurprising but disappointing nonetheless .
 Do n't buy this product !!!! This is a waste of money , and the product is not fully functional , many bugs and every bug is a critical one . The product was sent out to the market just to make profit , there is zero support !!! I had own several products from this company and all had bugs , they work with bugs but at least do what they were mean to do . This product does n't . If you wish to copy 1:1 your own DVDs and have a back up it will do it as long as it is not copy protected otherwise you must fish for a plugging that does n't work right and cause instability to the software.When copying a DVD movie , 9 times out of 10 will cut the movie short , somewhere around the 70-75 % of the movie . The Audio and Video are never ok , they are always out of synchrony , and I mean way off !! there is no way you can enjoy the movie . The interface that allow you to tweak synchronization does n't do it right . not to mention you must wait hours to test the finished product at least you wish to test with the lowest possible resolution and still need at least 2 hours if you have a good dual core processor , in a quad processor computer you may at least have the time to go to lunch and come back without wasting all day in a single process ... In some cases , the uninstall process is not done the proper way , causing your DVD drive to stop functioning , and `` disappear '' so you must go into the registry and manually delete the low and upper filters on HKEY LOCAL MACHINE , for not advance users this could mean the need to hired a tech to do it for thm and an extra waste of money anywhere from 50 to 150 dollars.This is in my opinion the single most dangerous commercial software I had seen .
 I bought this software hoping to back up my many movies and put some on my hard drive . The software is buggy and in some cases will take close to 6 hours to rip a dvd movie . Any DVD with episodes will not be able to copy and you can forget about copying to a dual layer disk . There is an upgrade for the software that takes away all the options for copying to your hard drive and decreases the chances of a good burn when doing a strait copy . I ended up going with 1clickdvdcopy and have had no problems , it cost a little more but it was worth it in DVD-Rs that i will save from bad burns because of 123 copy dvd .
 This product sucks ! I returned one to the store and got a replacement . Both will not install on either computer I tried @ home . Installed okay , but would not allow it to be activated as requested . I will be going back to store for third time and get a completely different product . Stay clear of this piecce of junk . I agree with another reviewer , that unfortunately the lowest I can go is one star , it does deserve a zero .
 All of these reviews are correct . All versions of this program stink . Save your money.rating
 I downloaded the trial version to give it a test run . Totally nonfunctional . I would n't waste the time or money on this product . I gave it a one star because zero stars in not an option .
 Just for the record , I have 123 Copy DVD Gold 2011 . If you 're a pocket protector wearing nerd like me you can probably figure out how to get it to do whatever you want it to do . If you 're normal , stay away.Why the programmers/distributors did n't include a PDF file with how-to instructions befuddles me -LRB- or at a minimum have a downloadable instruction file on their web site -RRB- . Maybe they 're alergic to money and profits ??
 Pass the word to stay away from this product . I have been trying for a week to get this program to work -LRB- hours I will never get back -RRB- !!! No help from the tech desk . At least anything helpful !!!! They say `` 100 % Satisfaction Guaranteed '' ... what a joke ! Good luck trying to locate the address to return the disk and receive a refund . Even the tech desk ca n't seem to answer that question correctly . Guess I have a new $ 50.00 dollar coaster for my glass !
 I purchased this software and it didnt work out of the box . told me to try a new version . 3 days of battling with them i finally tossed it in the garbage and wrote off the $ 50 because they were not going to make it easy to give me my money back . The program is full of bugs . I tried it on 3 different computers . same problem - did n't work . There arent any help menus , nor is the support any good . crooks selling crap !
 1-2-3-FIRE ! This is most useless , confusing junk I 've ever wasted money on . First , there is no user 's manual , which I believe is due to the fact that its developers do n't know how to operate it either . Please do n't waste your money , time , or blank DVDs on this . Next , I can not figure out how to copy previously decoded movie files from my external hard drive . I can use the hard drive to view my movies on my laptop , but would like to create DVDs for backup so my whole family can enjoy them without worrying about scratching or losing the original . At least I will get some use out of the disk when I use it for target practice .
 My company purchased VM -LRB- Windows , Linux , Solaris and iNet clients -RRB- as a VCS for a development project with over fifty developers . We strongly regret buying it . It has a very clumsy interface , it is exceedingly slow , it is very buggy . It is in fact a great disapointment -LRB- considering how critical it is to our organisation -RRB- . It claims security , but it has only the most basic security
 These observations pertain to three CDs in this set
 I have used McAfee VirusScan since version 2.0 . In recent years I have become more and more disgusted with this software . I think the only reason I have kept with it was because I could get it for free after rebates . The trouble is , getting McAfee to actually honor their rebates can be quite a challenge . I keep photocopies of what I send them , but it is a hassle to have to re-send it to them . Today , I downloaded a free for home use only antivirus software from another company . Even if I do n't like it , this will be my last year with McAfee . While McAfee VirusScan is better than no antivirus software at all , it is far from the best product out there .
 This came installed on my new computer . I have been a Norton user for years but since McAfee was pre-installed I decided to go with it . What a mistake . It was the most slow and annoying thing I have ever encountered , filling my screen with ludicrus messages , pop-up and advertisements . It caused the broadband to act like dial up . It was so annoying that I removed the program and switched back to Norton -LRB- which is n't all that great but I 'm used to it -RRB- . Spyware and adware and viruses cause the computer to slow down , fill up with pop-ups and install unwanted garbage all over your computer . I can honestly say that McAfee was worse than having malware .
 I have been using McAfee for years . Last version I had was 9 . So , I updated to 2007 . It is way too bloated and takes up a large chunk of my operating system . I can not even begin to figure out how to disable certain functions -LRB- like the hackerwatch -RRB- . They should definitely go back to the drawing board .
 Pro
 No matter what the configuration screens say , you * CAN NOT * get this software to stop using your network for anything it wants without your approval.No matter what the configuration screens say , you * CAN NOT * get this software to stop popping up those annoying-as-hell messages on the bottom right hand corner of your screen . Beyond being terribly annoying with their in-your-face display of how you do n't have control of your own computer , these pop-up messages can mess up full-screen graphics software.McAfee customer support is offensive . They treat you like you 're an idiot , as if you do n't know what you 're talking about . Then after weeks of several people trying to explain the problem -LRB- this is in the McAfee message forums -RRB- , once McAfee DOES understand the problem , they dismiss you like you 're incompetent . Then in the next software update not only are n't these horrible , glaring , disgusting problems with the software not fixed , they 're WORSE THAN EVER.I gave this software/company/service a couple of years worth of the benefit of the doubt . But with every change to their software , especially the most recent one , it 's worse than it was before.I was tempted to give this product two stars in stead of one , but when the basic purpose of defensive software is to help the user defend their machine , and * NOT * to ignore the user , and open up MORE network ports and use even MORE of the user 's network resources for stuff the user does NOT want , clearly the product is NOT doing what is wanted by the user . So no , this gets the lowest rating.The other reviewers must not have any idea what resources this software is helping itself to when they give it an absolutely frightening five stars.If I hired a security guard for my home , and every day when I came home I caught him going through my daughter 's underwear drawer , I 'd feel about the same way as I do about McAfee . Maybe he did keep OTHER people from breaking into our home , but the total creep-out cost is far , far , FAR too high !
 I upgraded to this latest version of the McAfee product , wanting only the VirusScan , which has served me well over many years . Unfortunately , you must now accept a `` suite '' of solutions that McAfee deems in your best interest . If you need the functionality of the whole suite , you may be satisfied - or not . If you only want one component , you bought a truckload of trouble . It claims to be user-configurable . You will get a lot of practice at this because the product resets to McAfee 's default configuration every few days . It requires considerable time and effort to drill down and disable each item in that configuration . But you have little choice . The program will nag you without mercy until you are `` fully protected '' - every time you boot up . One McAfee-dictated setting is a deep scan of your system every morning . You probably know that can pretty much tie up your processor for the rest of the day . McAfee Customer Service has been , well , politely quiet . In my view McAfee VirusScan has become a virus with an innovative Auto-nag feature .
 This is less a review for VirusScan Plus 2007 , and more a review of Mcafee 's customer service support , which obviously extends to all of their products.I used a Mcafee product for about six weeks with no problems . One day , I had a technical issue . It was then that I discovered that Mcafee 's technical support and customer service departments are shamefully unprepared to assist customers . - I had to pay three dollars a minute to use the technical support telephone number . Of the seven minutes I was on that call , I was on hold for more than half the time -LRB- still being charged -RRB- . When the technician finally emailed me instructions to resolve my technical issue , I quickly discovered he had sent me instructions for an issue completely unrelated to mine . In essence , I spent 21 dollars on hold music . -LRB- seven minutes -RRB- - Mcafee has an online technician chat option for those people who do not wish to pay for technical support . My experience was VERY slow , I was frequently disconnected , and most importantly , I chatted with EIGHT different technicians -LRB- I cut-and-pasted all the chat sessions -RRB- , and none of them was able to provide me with information that was even remotely relevant to my problem . They were all using standard cut-and-paste respponses that did not address my difficulty . -LRB- four hours -RRB- - I studied the Help Tree , FAQ , and Help Index sections on the Mcafee website , to no avail -LRB- one hour -RRB- - I finally called the customer service support line -LRB- it 's NOT a toll-free number -RRB- , explained that I wanted a product refund , and was told I would be contacted within 48 hours . When I was n't , I called and began an almost indescribably difficult process of getting my refund : - conversations with TEN different customer service representatives - being put on hold for one hour on TWO separate occasions , having to finally hang up and call back - being cut off twice - in all , spending FOUR HOURS on the phoneThe worst part is that my issue STILL is n't resolved . Since I 'm demanding that I be reimbursed the money I spent on calling technical support , and that I be compensated for all the personal time and phone time I have invested , I 'm STILL dealing with them.This is a shameful , disgustingly low level of customer support . It 's a shockingly unethical way to do business , and it robs the product owner of any peace-of-mind . We buy internet security and antivirus software for peace-of-mind . But this horrible experience has utterly robbed me of it.PLEASE DO NOT BUY ANY SOFTWARE PUBLISHED BY MCAFEE .
 Had previous version , was OK . Upgraded to this version . Immediately my computer became annoyingly slow . More annoying
 McAffe is `` like a boat anchor on your computer system resources , slowing your system down to a crawl '' -LRB- SOmeone rating Microsoft Live -RRB- . I agree ! We could not play any games , it was constantly , pausing for no reason ... we were waiting way too long for web pages to load . I DO NOT recommend this !
 I ordered this product several months ago from a `` home use '' program where I work . Not wanting to be left w/o the disks in the event I ever had to restore my hard drive , I shelled out $ 25 for disks . 4 weeks later
 Running on a AMD Athlon 2400 system with XP home , 1024 Meg RAM , SP2 , the Virus Scan Plus 2007 product . When first installed , `` Manage Network '' gave me a map of my router , main computer and laptop . After about a week , when I go to `` manage Network '' , I get the message that the Computer 's Protection Status is not being monitored because
 I ca n't recommend this antivirus after using it 2 months . It slows down bigtime everything you do on the pc . The scans come on when you start up the pc and they take over 2 hours to complete . Trying to work while the scan is running is so irritating . I do have dial up but even my friend who has high speed has experienced a lot of slow down too with this same software . Registery change popups are annoying . Even when a scan is not running this software has slowed the pc . A neighbor tried to install this same product and had major problems , ended up uninstalling what little installed .
 Folks I used Norton system works a couple of years ago , then I decided to switch to this McAfee stuff only to hate its anoying bell rings and some other things etc. . Then somebody on a online chat room told me about AVG anti virus and the anti-virus is free to download and stays updated . If you think about it all you really need is the anti-virus , microsoft has you cover with a firewall and most spyware blocker tools , so all you really need is the anti-virus . Its been several months and I have had no virus , NONE , no problems NONE at all . Hands down , AVG anti virus has been the best thing that has ever happen to me , it doesnt bother you and it does the job extremly well and it updates when needed . And the best part , IT FREE ... : D
 Save yourself and do not buy this product.I have had nothing but problems from the start . It says that I am not protected and when I click the fix button is says `` One ore more problems require my response '' . Click Ok and nothing happens . Nowhere can I find what those problems might be . I have tried to uninstall and I get errors . I try to reinstall and nothing.McAfee 's support is totally useless . I have opened two trouble tickets which their websites says they will respond usually within 12 hours . Two days later and still no response . Also the live chat with the support staff requires you to download another program and once installed all I get is `` staff is busy try again later `` I should have checked the comments before buying McAfee !
 Buggy , very buggy on my XP . Never did properly load all the files . After 1 day error message said firewall not installed . Uninstalled then reinstalled . Did n't work and then the virus scan stopped working . Was unable to ever register even after following help instructions . Updates never worked . Finally , tossed the whole thing out . Using another software that works perfectly . This was just horrible software .
 This antivirus slowed my computer down so badly that I had to get rid of it in less than 2 weeks . Instead got FREE AVG and no problems since !
 I switched from Norton to McAfee , hoping to find a little better service and have been extremely disappointed . I kept getting pop-ups that said `` Registry Change Detected . '' When I finally got a hold of technical person -LRB- via e-mail , they charge for any actual conversation -RRB- , I was told to disconnect that utility . At least I do n't get that pop-up anymore.I 've also been bombarded with pop up ads since installing McAfee and have not been able to get a technician to help me with that either . The service departments are extremely unhelpful . I am now in the process of trying to get my money back and start over with someone else . What a waste of time and money . Please do yourself a favor and look elsewhere .
 This is not only a bad product , but they make it impossible to cancel their automatic renewal ! They have been charging me for two years now for a product that i first tried to cancel in 2005 . I do not even own a computer now . last year , a customer service rep assured me that i was taken off automatic enrollment , and they just charged me again.This is the worst computer product and company i have ever dealt with .
 I Bought this software in 2006 to install it on my computer for the 2007 year , I had problems with this software , My Virus Definitons expired in February of 2007 , I tried to upgrade them but i could n't because when i would put the cd in it would tell me that VirusScan would not install due to an unwanted program that Mcafee detected , i uninstalled the old version so i can put the new one in , It did not work in my computer , I uninstalled and got Kaspersky , It 's two programs in one , Internet Security and Anti Virus , Do n't buy this product , Save your money and buy Kaspersky Internet Security instead , You wo n't be dissapointed , It works great on my computer , So it should work on yours.Bye
 I have used McAfee for years . I used to like knowing it was doing its job behind the scenes without being too intrusive . Not anymore . Everytime I would turn on my PC , it was downloading updates and wanting me to reboot . Just surfing the web I would get all these messages about registry changes . To disable it , you used to be able to rick click on the icon in the system tray and select disable . Not anymore . If you try to turn off features so you do n't constantly get messages -LRB- i.e. the firewall piece -RRB- , then it keeps telling you your computer is not protected . I 've had to deal with viruses that were less of a pain than this software.I uninstalled it and now use Windows OneCare which is a lot less intrusive . Even though I can usually find deals to get the updated version of McAfee for free , I will pass in the future . Even for free this software is not worth the aggravation . Use something else .
 Several years ago I switched to McAfee from Norton because I could not get Norton to work worth a hoot with Windows XP . I was entirely pleased with McAfee VirusScan -- until last summer when they `` improved '' it with a new Security Center and updating to Version 11 . I 've had nothing but problems with it ever since -- on two desktops -LRB- Compaq , then an HP -RRB- and a Toshiba laptop.It would work OK for a while , then I 'd start getting `` Your Computer Is Not Protected '' baloons from the system tray . Clicking the `` Fix '' button in Security Center did nothing but yield unhelpful notices that `` One or more problems require your response . '' The problem statement would tell me , `` Your subscription to McAfee VirusScan must be verified . '' But any attempt to verify would fail , leaving no alternative but to reinstall the software . After reinstallation the software would work OK for a week or two , then the cycle would start over again . I must have reinstalled the software at least a dozen times . This is completely unacceptable.I finally deep-sixed McAfee VirusScan and switched to ZoneAlarm Security Suite . So far , so good . Ironically , now McAfee Security Center assures me my system is fully protected -- by ZoneAlarm !
 I recently installed this software onto a brand new Dell system . After rebooting when the install finished , I noticed that it took a very long time for my desktop to reappear . I noticed that the program was using between 70 to 100MB of RAM and my system was slowed down to a crawl . My dialup internet connection software would not work with the Firewall that is included . I uninstalled the software and it then broke the built in Windows XP SP2 firewall . Even with the program uninstalled , there are still parts of it that are still running . My computer takes 10 minutes to boot now . Before install it would take around 2 min . Thanks McAfee for releasing a super buggy , system ruining program . I will for sure be taking advantage of your `` 30 Day Money Back Guaranetee '' because this software is total junk and I am very unsatisfied .
 I have had McAfee VirusScan for more years than I remember . After the last ` upgrade ' I started having problems . The most annoying was being told by McAfee Security Center that my computer was not properly protected . This happened every few weeks . The reason was that the software was unable to ` verify your subscription ' . When I clicked the link to verify the subscription , McAfee informed me that an error had occurred and that I should uninstall and reinstall the software . The online forum on the McAfee website has complaints from lots of consumers with the same problem . McAfee 's best advice was to uninstall another manufacturer 's firewall because it is incompatible with the latest release of VirusScan . Here is a direct quote from an online chat session I had with one of McAfee 's Technical Support `` I would like to inform you that McAfee products conflict with any other third party software , that is why you are receiving this error . `` So , if you want to use a firewall or anti-spyware or ... from another manufacturer , look elsewhere for your anti-virus software . My response was to uninstall the software that is unable to work with the other software I choose to use ; McAfee no longer resides on my hard drive .
 Used to be a big fan of McAfee Virus Scan , but not any more !! This program makes your computer run extremely slow ! I am sad to say that I will no longer purchase from McAfee and am changing my virus protection !
 '' ... McAfee -LRB- R -RRB- AVERT recognizes that this program may have legitimate uses in contexts where an authorized administrator has knowingly installed this application . If you agreed to a license agreement for this , or another bundled application , you may have legal obligations with regard to removing this software , or using the host application without this software . Please contact the software vendor for further information ... '' By design , McAfee will not remove or detect keyloggers . This has been going on since at lease 2005 . I 'm frightened . How about you ? McAfee was the best . I 'm so bummed at their stance to do nothing to protect peoples bank acount numbers and passwords . I just do n't get it .
 I used VirusScan software for the past 9 months with no issues . Now , due to recent changes by Mcafee , the download function for updating the software -LRB- DAT -RRB- files has broken . I 've spent hours trying to get it to work again -LRB- following instuctions from the Mcafee support site and forums -RRB- to no avail . LIFE is way too short for this . I will be switching to a competitive product in the near future .
 I 'd actual prefer a virus to this product.First of all , like other warnings in the reviews , this product does n't play well with other antiVirus , firewall , or antispyware products . Ca n't even have them installed , if McAfee detects them , it will screw up the installation or worse.It does n't even play well with itself . I had VirusScan 2006 installed then installed this version and it made my computer unbootable . Blue screen of death . And there 's no telephone number for tech support anywhere in the box . I had to wait for days until I could borrow another computer get connected to internet and use their live chat tech support option . They resolved the issue eventually , but what a nightmare.Thought it was all over , then today with the latest update , it tells me I 'm unprotected and that it ca n't verify my subscription . Got back on tech support and guess what they want me to do ? Oh , yes - uninstall and reinstall the product . I do n't think so . I 'll take my chances with a virus since they do less damage than this product has caused.It 's a shame too , verion 2006 was good . The 2007 version is from hell , though , stay away , stay far far away .
 I never had any trouble installing Virus Scan in years past , but it was a nightmare this year . Update icon remained running in system tray , tried the McAfee fix for it , and it froze my system . Would n't install the virus scan portion of the software until Lavasoft AdAware was uninstalled , which I did , but it still identified AdAware on the system and would not install . Got some online advice from a technician -LRB- they charge for a telephone call -RRB- , tried to edit my computer 's registry per instructions , program stopped responding . After several frustrating hours , a couple of complete McAfee uninstalls and system restores , and numerous restarts , I threw up my hands . I 'm taking it back .
 After I first loaded the program , I turned on my Modem , and the program asked if I could trust everything that came through the modem from the internet . I said ` No ' . McAfee proceeded to block every attempt to connect to the internet . I deleted the program , but the internet remained blocked.I reformated my hard drives , reloaded my software , and tried McAfee again , but I told the software to trust everything from the internet . The software started pop-up messages saying there was a change to my registry , do I want to approve the change . Nowhere does the program let you know what is changing , what program makes the change , if the change is initiated by a computer on the net . You are left ignorant as to the nature of the change , but you are expected to be an expert on whether you can safely accept the hidden change!The software refuses to co-exist with free Ad-Aware , free firewalls , ect . If the software detects these , it refuses to load or run.I wish I could get my money back as I am throwing this piece of garbage out !
 My new HP Vista computer came with Norton , which ran a little slow . So I tried replacing it with McAfee . Although McAfee scanned faster than Norton , the security center module kept crashing my internet connection . I know it was n't the firewall , because it did so even with the firewall turned off . It seems that the security center continually monitors your network connection . The process of that monitoring seemed to change the IP address of my computer and/or router . The only way to fix it was to go to IE `` diagnose network problems '' and let it reassign IP addresses . There is no way to disable the network monitoring function , so I gave up and went back to Norton . Very poor software . I 'd give it 0 stars if it let me . The McAfee website is also very poor regarding support or troubleshooting . The only free support is via chat , very hard to find and virtually useless .
 I bought three boxed packages of McAfee VirusScan Plus 2007 for windows as stocking stuffers for family ! What a mistake , let me tell ya ! It will NOT install if you are running certain other programs such as ZoneAlarm !!! You literally CAN NOT install VirusScan if you use ZoneAlarm . And then , even if you try , all u get is the Security Center with NO VIRUS PROTECTION ! And if you uninstall that and even do system restore , the McAfee program will haunt you with pop-ups ... they must hide some of their program and not allow you to uninstall it all ! I have been a long time McAfee user . They just lost a long-time customer.I wish i could rate this a ZERO !!!! Im returning all these for a refund ! I guess im skewed on the one i opened !!! Learn from my mistake - do NOT buy this VirusScan 2007 . McAfee has locked their user forums so many people are complaining !!!
 I have used McAfee virus-scan for years.I am extremely irritated by them from time to time . Their program causes pop-up adds to periodically appear from my task-bar telling me that I can buy all sorts of upgrades and add-ons to their virusscan program for only $ 29.99 . The pop ups ARE NOT browser windows . They come from the virusscan program itself . I do not want my computer to become an advertizing agent for them ! Furthermore , I would like to be able to give powerpoint presentations to large audiences without having the pop-ups interrupting my talk.I have not been able to stop these pop-ups , and it pisses me off every time it happens . I just went to their customer support page , and they wo n't talk to me about this issue unless I pay them .
 We -LRB- pinball fans -RRB- were anxiosly waiting for this title before it was relesed ... I have mine today and I want to share my experiences with every tentative customer.It 's a shame that a game that could be a master piece of pinball somulation ends in a mediocre bundle of tables that has nothing to do with the real tables .1 . Ball Physics is horrible , unreal and boring ... just shoot any ramps and the ball just end up at the top , also at times it moves extremely and unrealistically fast .2 . Sounds are not like the real tables , and are not high Quality .3 . The genie in TOTAN , is like a cardboard when you hit itIn summary , if you want to buy a real pinball simulation , stay with the Pro Pinball series , these are by far better ... This is another mediocre encore software.what a shame !
 This is a great tool for anger management . Aside from that , it has no use . I find it extremely frustrating that the programmers at Williams forgot about something known as the laws of physics . Essentially , this software finds every possible way to screw you over . It loves to make the ball curl just right so that it 's a straight shot between the two flippers , or into the holes on the sides . It also seems like sometimes the ball has a mind of its own , or is magnetically attracted to certain objects . Luck is really the best predictor of success with these games . It 's a waste of money to buy this , especially if you 're easily frustrated .
 if you like pinball game try visual pin mame you can download it for free and then you can load any machine you want on it all you need are the game roms . here is the link http://www.vpforums.com/vptables/tables.php#Files
 While this is definitely a cheaper alternative than Rosetta Stone , the software is n't engaging or motivating enough to get me to learn anything other than basic phrases . I am a pretty quick learner and I found the structure of the program very confusing . I was n't sure what to click on , there was n't a defined learning path that made any sense , and I just eventually gave up . The one feature I did enjoy were the flashcards . I ended up printing these vocabulary lists and trying to memorize key words on the flight to Rome in order to impress my in-laws . I do n't know how much better Rosetta Stone would have been , but if you are like me and not willing to spend that kind of money , I 'd suggest doing further research before buying this product .
 I bought these thinking they would be as cool as I remembered . They were n't , in fact the software is outdated , and I had a hard time installing them on my newer PCs . The game play was frustrating and not easy to manipulate . Basically technology has changed so much that your initial instinct on how to play the game is not usually correct . We had to learn by trial and error , mostly error . It was overall not a fun and rewarding experience , forget about educational . We spent more time trying to figure out how to play the game than we did learning anything .
 i know that you will not find the word `` upgrade '' anywhere on this page -- but trust me -- this is the upgrade . amazon has goofed this one up.don ' t say i did n't warn you .
 Willpower is acceptable , as far as its function goes . It provides a scheme for detailing your assets , and a boilerplate Will and Last text . It 's not clear , however , that the scheme could n't be done comparably with a spreadsheet . In addition , the Will and Last text often needs editing , for the legal language is convoluted so it can be massaged by a computer program to handle the cases checked.However , Kiplinger provides NO UPGRADE from one year 's Willpower to another , something which you 'd think would be important as laws change . I was talked into buying a completely new version , which I did . Guess what
 Though the interview process goes smoothly , Willpower prompts me with an `` unexpected error - please save and quit '' when I complete the interview . Willpower will not accept a simple file name for saving my finished document , and worse , wo n't print . The only way I could print my finished will is to export it in RTF format . Kiplinger Technical Support acknowledges the problem as a Java conflict - but claims that since I can eventually print my document , I ca n't expect anything else . I 'm running Willpower on a G4 iMac , using OS10 .3.8 - the latest OS.In summary , Willpower gets the job done , but only with some crude workarounds to get it to print . And I can not save any of my files once they are complete - it only lets me save if I quit midway through an interview . Willpower could be a very useful product if Kiplinger just finished the details on the development of it .
 This software is lacking when it comes to making a basic will . It does n't allow options for giving property away to certain people in percentages if my children and spouse were not living at the time of my death . Also , it does keep giving me an error that erases what I just worked on for 15 minutes . And it does n't let me edit the will via the wizard after completing the wizard . If you want to make changes , you have to read through the entire document to try and find where it was that you needed to change something . I have used the Quicken product in the past . And while the Quicken product is not perfect , it is better than this software . I plan on going out tomorrow to buy the Quicken Willmaker again .
 seems , nice , I just hope i never really have to use the thing.Got my labtop stolen , that 's the first thing these ***** want to do , and then their out.So I am trying to be smarter , so i bought this also , I just felt like I had to do it.I just pray I never really have to use what I bought the thing for .
 I tried to install this game on my wife 's PIII running Windows 2000 . It installed , but refused to run - it threw an `` Appication Error '' box on the screen and stopped after I clicked the `` Play '' button . I tried the technical support site ... and there are clearly lots of problems with it as there are lots of solutions - none to my problem though and the solutions that seemed close did n't seem to apply as files indicated in the instructions were not on the CD , etc. I was unable to download the patches as thier web site threw an error so am now the proud owner of a useless game . Not recommended !
 This program appears to have serious technical problems . It crashes and generates an error when loading , after clicking `` run '' . It is very frustrating for my daughter .
 My son really enjoyed Reader Rabbit Toddler , so I thought this would be a good next step . Sadly , while this game has all the bells and whistles , looks wonderful , etc. , it is not very playable . If a child has trouble completing the tasks , they will soon get bored.Many of the games actually require the knowledge they are purporting to teach . For instance , one of the games which is supposed to teach letter recognition is not actually playable if the child does n't already recognise the letters.When you complete a section there is a long movie which plays , with a really cheesy broadway musical type of song . Once my son -LRB- a 3-year old -RRB- figured out how to play this movie , he would spend all his time playing it over and over again , learning nothing -LRB- and driving me crazy in the process -RRB- . My son soon got bored , and I got him Dr. Seuss Preschool instead , Reader Rabbit ended up in the trash can , and family harmony once again prevails.I gave it two stars instead of one because my son did have fun with it for about 2-3 weeks .
 This program has a lot of narrative preamble prior to the introduction of each simple -LRB- and very repetitive -RRB- game . If the object here is to teach children patience and listening skills , then maybe it 's on target . However , in my opinion any child who is developed enough to have that kind of patience and listening skill is going to find the games completely unchallenging . So far I have been unsuccessful getting my boy to show the slightest interest in this CD .
 The program requires a lot of fine motor skills . It 's too frustrating for my 3 yr old . For example , there is a coloring page -LRB- `` color all the squares blue '' -RRB- . There are so many of the squares , and they 're so tiny , that even I get a little frustrated trying to maneuver the mouse onto each one . In addition , the product is set up around a theme of `` save the stars '' . Kids at the younger end of the age range , such as my daughter , would probably benefit more from a program that lets them `` wander at will '' a little more . -LRB- Try Disney Preschool . -RRB- Or , at least , a theme that 's a little more laid back . -LRB- For example , Pooh Preschool , where the goal is to help everyone finish their work so they can make it to a party . -RRB- I also highly recommend JumpStart Preschool.My daughter is at the young end of the recommended age group , so maybe she will grow into it more . For 3 yr olds , I recommend staying away from this one .
 I purchased this game at Toys `` R `` Us and I installed it on my PC , it ran fine but when I went on-line the first time after the installation I could not get to any secure sites . I found out later that the program had crashed my browser , so I am posting this warning to any Windows ME users just to be aware of this problem .
 my 4 year old daughter was bored by this ... all the adventures were too long to hold her attention . She 'd start each segment with enthusiasm but it required doing the same thing over and over about 20 times to receive the `` brillite '' before you could go on to something else . It 's just sitting on a shelf now ... I 'm sure there are better ones out there .
 Do n't trust the fine line . It Did not run on my Windows Vista nor Windows XP . It freezes . in the middle of the installation .
 I have to say , I let my son since before he was walking to play on my old 586 133 computer . After having the Fisher Price Keyboard and three stage game , I was very dissappointed with this game . First off , it says it only needs DirectX 4 but it comes with DirectX 7 which would not install on the machine . One must have an updated computer to run this game , or have a copy of DirectX 4 lying around . Now since my son has been using a computer for as long as he has , he has learned that keys do different things and every key has an association with the Fisher Price game , and in general computer usage . With this game , everything is controlled . The key strokes do commands that the program wants to run , and completes tasks FOR the child rather than initiating them to complete the task by pressing the correct buttons . My son gets bored with this game since it does n't matter what key he presses it does what the program wants to do , not what my son wants to try , and the game stops and sings and wo n't let him do anything . My son is used to more control . The Fisher Price game actually associates the letter A with the letter A for example , so I believe he is actually learning more from a straight keyboard than this game . My son is now 20 months old . When we got this game he was 18 months old , and he was off and away on the Fisher Price keyboard at 13 months . I was looking for another game just as good if not better , or more interactive to help him grow , but I would rather see an old fashion typing game that teaches him the letters on the keyboard or something more interactive that lets him control the game , not the game controlling him.And according to the system requirements my computer should be able to run the game , but I am still having a hard time finding DirectX get the computer game to run : -LRB-
 I was so excited to get this game for my daughter but it does n't work . The game starts up but once you start to play the images in the game black out . Unable to find information to contact seller . Unable to return according to Amazon policy once item has been opened . 0Stars !!!!!
 I bought this product believing the description that says it runs on Mac OS . When I got it , thank goodness I checked the requirements listed on the back . It says
 After reading many good reviews , I purchased this software for my 4yo who is just starting to read . I am very disappointed in the product.First , it did not come with installation or use instructions . Installation was pretty standard , so we were able to figure it out . How to use the game , however , was not so standard . We had to figure it out through trial and error . It took perhaps a half hour or so , but having the instructions would have been very helpful.Second , the software contains books for the child to read , but they are automatically read to the child . There is no way to turn off the feature so the child can read it herself -LRB- unless I just have not found the means to do it without the instructions -RRB- . Next , there is a character that has a foreign accent . My daughter started to say the words just like that character , like `` bed '' instead of `` bad . '' I thought this was a really bad idea for children that are learning how to sound out words.Lastly , I thought the program moved really slowly . The game is set up so that the child has to finish one area before moving on to the next . There is so much animation mixed in with the games that it takes so long to finish one area so you can move on . There is no way to bypass the animation . So it may take 2 seconds for a child to get a question right , but then she has to watch 10-15 seconds of animation before even seeing the next problem . It was interesting for her the first time around , but after that , my daughter was getting bored with seeing the same animation over and over after each problem . This might work for a child that likes to watch TV and hates phonics , but my daughter really wants to learn to read , so this did not work for her at all . I would not recommend this software .
 This software is not compatible with Windows 7 - it installs , but will not run . Supposedly works with Windows XP , but definitely not with Win 7 .
 Despite seeing the other reviews claiming the game wo n't work on Win 7 , I decided to give the seller the benefit of the doubt and give it a try since the item info claimed it was compatible with Windows 7 . So now I am adding my voice to the others . IT DOES NOT WORK ! Windows 7 is a 32 or 64 bit Operating System and it just will NOT run a 16 bit program like this , even in compatibility mode . I 'm fairly tech savvy -LRB- at least compared to most people -RRB- so I thought I could get it to work where others could n't . I tried everything , I 've been coaxing and cajoling my computer for hours to get this thing to work , to no avail . I tried every tip I could find online for ways to get it to work and just ran into the same problem every time
 I missed the detail that this only works with OS 9 and below . I have n't used that for many years so we were unable to use this at all . I have some good experiences with the Reader Rabbit brand , so that was disappointing .
 It does not run in MS Windows 2000 ... It does not run in MS Windows XP environment either ... . at least not without hours and hours of fiddling.It WILL RUN on MAC with OS 9 ! YEAH!Hubby and I were only willing to put in 4 hours -LRB- including looking at stupid online help -RRB- trying to get it to run on one of our Windows machines . The disk will launch but not install . This may or may not be due to our having more than one harddrive and CD player having letter `` F '' designation.In any case , my advice is not to get the kids all excited and then sit down expecting a quick install while they are waiting ... and waiting.It did run on our MAC and it is an enjoyable program . In fact , I will go so far as to say that it is an EXCELLENT piece of learning software.My advice , however , is to consider our difficulties in getting this ` older ' software to run before you purchase . It might be better to wait for an updated version that will no doubt be out around Christmas time .
 This product does n't work with new computadors . It requires old software . I have access to 2 Mac , 1 Acer and 3 Hp computers and I could n't open 3 out of 4 Rabbit Reader CDs . Money in the trash ... Frustrating ... Worst part ? It was supposed to be a Christmas gift for a special need child ... : -LRB-
 Bought this for my 6 year old who is learning to read.After he started his work it seemed that the read the words for him and that it wasnt obvious that the word on the screen was what was being read . It was more just a fun game for him.After 3-4 days he did everything that was on the screen and was totally finished with the game .
 We were unable to install this on any of 3 computers . The installer has major errors . BAD NEWS There is no tech support for these products . What a total waste of money
 My 5-year old could n't wait to play with this software -LRB- game -RRB- . He got bored very quickly , so I went to a different game , but he was n't real impressed there either . He played all the games , but did n't find this very fun or exciting . I was hoping it would be more educational , but found it to be just `` ok '' .
 The graphics are very bad and old -LRB- for dos days -RRB- . Not for 1 or 2 graders , more like a kindergarten or preschool level stuff . Do n't waste your money !
 May be on the older model computers it can be worked - but on the 7xp is not working - from the very beginning the program asks for activation key and purchase a license to use . Then , after a full installation program is loaded but the whole picture is distorted , after a long pause on the screen you can see a menu , but it does not work and the program writes the disk has not been found.So do not recommend buying this product .
 The cd would not allow me to download it . I tried 3 different Windows computers and gave up very frustrated after 2 hours of hard work . The product was very cheap looking and the cd freezes often . I ca n't speak to the software because I have yet to be able to use it properly .
 This product is not supported on Mac OS X as indicated in the product description . The product says it works with Mac OS 7.5 or greater . To me , 10 is greater then 7.5 so I assumed it worked . It did n't and when I contacted the company -LRB- I purchased it from EducationMax -RRB- they told me that my Operating System was to new . I 've had the same Mac for 10 years and my Operating System is at least 2-3 years old . I 'm in the process of returning the product . I 'm rating EducationMax 1 Star , not Reader Rabbit .
 ... but it 's not as good as some of the others . Flat graphics and unimaginative games make this one less than stellar . For the 3-6 year old set I 'd recommend Bob the Builder , or Clifford . However , your child will probably love it as much as mine does .
 The Piano portion of this game has a bug that teaches you how to spell incorrectly . There are no updates to fix this problem , and the manufacturer no longer supports the game .
 The CD case lists OS X as a system capability . It installs , but then just loops back to the opening screen when you attempt to run.Very disappointing , as both the description and the software itself indicate that it is compatible .
 This program is about 8 years old . It was represented on the site as being compatible with MAC OS X ; it is NOT . I have a new I Mac and can not run the program the way it should be run . I have an older MAC with Classic 9 operating system on it that can run the program . This product should not be represented as a current version of READER RABBIT . I am a teacher and have used READER RABBIT for many years , it is a great program . This version was great 7-8 years ago !
 I tried 3-4 Reader Rabbit Programs . They are hard to use . The navigation is not good . It takes significant learning effort to get used to the programs . I work in Software from 10 years . If its difficult to navigate for me , the kids definitely will not be able to navigate freely . It will not allow you to skip something . If the kids are using the same thing again and again and They want to skip the things they are bored of they are out of luck . It will not allow skip . Apart from that the program is educational . Another negative
 This game was bought for my son 1-2 years ago when he was a toddler . Now that he 's four we started using it . There is an error in the piano game that basically teaches your child how to spell words incorrectly putting in lots of incorrect letters at random . The piano game features prominently in many of the exercises , so you basically have to do a work around throughout the entire process.What really gets me though is 1 -RRB- I recently bought what I thought was an upgraded version of the game only to find the problem had not been fixed by the manufacturer 1 -RRB- there are no patches or upgrades available to fix the problem , 2 -RRB- the manufacturer states on their website that they will not give a refund for this game . Buyer beware .
 there 's no support information available regarding failure to run on mac os x platform . i was unaware of the problem because the product is advertised as macintosh compatible , and only subsequently discovered that others have run into the same difficulty after searching online for troubleshooting help .
 Okay , it works . That 's the good news . The program does what it was programmed to do . Otherwise is is awful.Our four year old has been using the program for about a week now and we hate it . She enjoys the stories and the general layout of the game but has a very hard time with the actual tasks . I sat with her and tried to help only to find that I had a hard time with it as well.In every `` letter world '' there are a list of things you have to complete . First you click on four things in the picture that start with the letter you are looking for . Then you go into the cart with the hamsters.In the hamster cart you have three tasks . The first is to correctly identify the word that the hamster says from three possibles . The problem is that the hamster is very hard to understand as he sounds like a hamster rather than a well articulated person trying to teach a small child.The next section is a fill in the blank area . There are three pictures of three letter words -LRB- cat , bus , etc. -RRB- . Under the words are three blanks . Some of these blanks are filled in but not with letters that belong in the word !!! Sometimes there are X 's in the spaces , sometimes random other letters and sometimes they are all blank . Then , with NO OTHER INSTRUCTION WHAT SO EVER , you are given 5 letters and expected to fill them in . The problem is that you are expected to fill in only the first , last or middle letter and they do n't tell you which they are looking for . I can do this game . I know how to read and how to spell small words like bus . My daughter is learning to read and does n't understand when looking at the words `` dog , gum and bus '' that the computer is looking for her to fill in the last letter just based on the available choices . She starts sounding out the word dog and wonders why there is n't a `` d '' in the pile to choose from.When you leave the hamsters you go to the book section where the computer reads you a small story . This is fine except that on some of the pages the computer wo n't let you go to the next page until you click on something in the picture . But it does n't tell you what it wants you to click on . My daughter 's answer to this has been to randomly click all over the picture so that she can hear the rest of the story . It works but I hardly think it 's teaching her anything at that point.I think this is a worthless program that has confused her much more than it has helped . It seems as though the people writing it forgot that the target audience does n't know how to read . When you are trying to teach someone who does n't know how to read you need to speak clearly and slowly . You need to be consistent and you need to tell them what they need to do . This program is hard to understand , counter-intuitive and wildly inconsistent . It is not worth buying .
 I 'm an A + network Engineer . This sw does n't work with w2k , and probably not with xp . I spent hours on their website and am still searching the web for a fix , no luck . Consider this before you buy from this company .
 I remember when this series had snappy graphics and good customer support . My disk arrived today . We installed . We re-installed . The graphics froze , or the music/sound disappeared , or both as soon as we accessed any of the puzzles . We looked for customer service from the reader rabbit website . It was not a website that was intended to make customer inquiries easy . We received an automated response from Broderlund , that was followed by a second message telling us that tech support was now being done by another firm . So , I registered my issue with that company . Another automated response directing me to another website . More FAQs . And the ` Contact Us ' button sends you to the same address that generates the automated response.Might be a decent program - but you better hope nothing ever goes wrong !!!
 After being completely satisfied with the Toddler version of Reader Rabbit , I found this to be a disappointment . The introduction intimidated the girl I bought it for and the lessons do n't draw a young child in like the Toddler version did . It has some learning value , but I 'm sure there are better products out there .
 I bought this at the store from the clearance rack for $ 3.99 , and it 's not even worth that . First of all , even though you download the software onto your computer , you still need to insert the cd into the computer each time you play . Secondly , the game play with computer opponents is terrible . You can choose from three different skill levels for the computer opponent . The more advanced their skill level , the higher the probaility that the computer opponent will have more favorable rolls , and a higher probability you will have less favorable rolls . This is too bad because I bought the game so my son could play by himself . That being said , the layout is nice , and game play with two or more individuals is nice , but the rating is for the unit as a whole . Skip this cd and buy a different Monopoly cd .
 I had written a previous review about being unable to install the software with any version of directx higher than version 7 . As it turns out , their customer service rep told me how to get past the directx error that would prevent installation . After that however , the program would not run . Have been communicating with the customer rep for several days . According to the info on the jewelcase , ATI Rage Pro chipsets , -LRB- what I 'm running -RRB- , are supported . Still the program will not run . Customer service has tried to get it to run , and they did reply promptly , but at this time I can only give this program 1 star , as IMO , a well written program should not fail to run when it 's requirements are met . This program did run at one time on my computer , the only two things that have changed on my machine is the Directx version , and the video , -LRB- turned off the integrated graphics and installed a video card -RRB- . It is a good program , to bad it will no longer run .
 After two or three unsuccessful tries to get this program to load properly , I gave it one more try . It finally loaded , then it would not recognize the USB connection . Gave some kind of communication error with the cable . One more try , and I was finally able to communicate . Went thru the process of picking the files to be transferred and the program came back with a description of which files will transfer and which ones would not.To my surprise , of the 27 programs I wanted to transfer , only 1 was give a `` High '' probability , 2 were given `` Medium '' probability , 4 were given `` Low '' probability , and 20 were given `` Will not transfer '' . What a rip-off . Do n't waste your money on this junk.If you are upgrading your system to Windows XP , it has it 's own file transfer feature built-in . Just go to Start , Program , Accessories , Tools and pick the File Transfer Function.gac
 I purchased PC Relocator UltraControl , and it is giving me no control . I am moving from a Windows 98 computer to a XP computer . I am being careful and only need to ` relocate ' two programs . It does NOT allow me full control . The program wants to move ALL of My Documents , even though I have already moved my documents . I specifically ask for only 2 programs to be moved , and it wants to move Windoz 98 settings for the screen and lots more , having nothing to do with the program I want to move . I was hoping this would save me from a painful new setup in the new computer , but it is clearly obvious it will do considerably more damage than good.Please stay away from this program .
 I encountered any number of problems using this software . I consider myself computer literate enough to have gotten through this unscathed , following the directions and prompts . The problems that stand out boldly in my mind to this day are
 Total waste of money and time . USB cable connector did n't function , software froze up computer . And , support -- yeah , right . What a joke . Fortunately , I will be within the 30 day guarantee , we 'll see how they are at refunds.Aloha , Bob .
 I 'd rate it -1 if that choice were availble . I should have read the Amazon.com reviews before buying this product at CompUSA . And I should have expected nothing from a name like AloaBob , and I should have known that when it 's too good to be true , it 's too good to be true . It was an impulse buy - seemed like such a good idea when I saw it on the shelf . My task was to move about 5 GB of files from a W98 computer to a new XP Pro computer , both computers have C&D drives . I ran scandisk on the W98 unit and Norton utilities on both computers to be sure there was no existing structural problems . All data was in two folders named data and photos on the source computer . 1st problem was the USB connection did n't work - but the network did . Then I spent two hours trying to tell PC Relocator to not transfer programs and that I just wanted to transfer the two folders . It would n't alow transfer of Outlook mail files , Internet Explorer favorites or MMoney files . It does n't have a spreadsheet sort of selector page like one would expect from a windows program , it has an archaic select-one-regenerate-look-again-select-again sort of interface . When it made the transfers it jumbled up the sub folders and in some cases put files from several foldes into one , some folders were missing , . . . in short , a complete mess . In the end I had to tranfer my 5 gb manually anyway . On top of that , the source computer then would hang instead of shutdown -LRB- tried it 3 times to be sure -RRB- until I deleted the program . I found it a time waster , not a time saver .
 Amazon reviewers warned me that it would be difficult so I expected hard work and some expertise with computers to get PC Relocator Ultra to work . I was n't surprised then that I had to install , run , tweak , undo , clean up , uninstall , and start over 4 times . I was n't surprised that it took one to three days to get a response to each of my `` online '' tech support inquiries -LRB- I could n't get through by phone except to hear the announcement to leave a message and a time they could call back -RRB- . But I did expect some expertise from tech support and thought I would have an external hard disk by now with a functioning clone of my Optiplex harddrive . Boy was I optimistic ! To add insult to injury , PC Relocator announces `` Your relocation has been successful ! '' at the end of each run . I finally gave up and used MIcrosoft XP 's Files & Programs Transfer Wizard and it worked fine !
 ah , you 've got ta love a program that takes the liberty of shutting down windows explorer so it can `` run properly '' . believe me , do not even CONSIDER spending actual MONEY on this product and DEFILING your system with it . why ? no reasons that have n't already been touched upon by other reviewers . it should be illegal to put software this low quality onto the market.die , aloha bob . die .
 This product does not work . It crashed both my source and destination computer , at different times of course . It 's way too expensive and does n't do anything for you . After multiple attempts , I 've only been able to move 39 files and no applications.Use another product . Any other product . Avoid this one .
 This product simply does not work . I tried to migrate from a desktop PC running XP Home to a laptop running XP Pro . I followed the instructions to the letter , but the software would not recognize the USB bridge cable even though the computer would . When I tried to run the program , it would lock up the machine and I would have to do a hard reboot . Also , when I updated the software version from the alohabob website , I could not uninstall the program after that . Do not buy this product .
 I purchased this product expecting it to be useful in the migration of files and applications from my existing Windows 98SE PC to my new Windows 2000 Professional PC . I expected it to perform better than competitor 's products , based on user reviews on the Internet and on Amazon.com . Instead , the results were quite the opposite.To put it simply , this product failed miserably at moving the majority of my Applications from my older Win98SE PC to my newer Windows 2000 PC . Major applications , including Office 97 , Outlook , Frontpage , Netscape Navigator , AVG Antivirus 6.0 , Serif PagePlus 8.0 , and others , all had to be re-installed from scratch , which tripled the labor factor that I expected , based on your product 's description . I can not begin to describe the incredible hassle I have to now go through to sort out which folders contain mere portions of prior applications -LRB- text files , Word docs , but no application files -RRB- , and which contain the real working applications . I have been left with a virtual hodgepodge of partially populated folders from previous applications , that are nearly impossible to sort out . In fact , I do not now trust that any fully-relocated application will now function properly . For -LSB- the price -RSB- , I expected a lot more ! Fool me once , shame on me ... but , they will not fool me again.By the way , Eisenworld refused to refund my purchase price and actually returned the product back to me , so they do not even stand behind their product 's promises . And I 'm stuck with an unreturnable product !
 Save money and time by manually moving your programs over to your new computer . The idea of having everything moved over to my new computer automatically sounded like a good idea . Installing the Relocation software was fairly easy , and it only took a little finagling for the computers to recognize each other through the USB . I started the transfer , and after 20 minutes it got stuck on a file . It would transfer half the file , announce that it lost the USB connection , announce that it found the connection , and would start to re-transfer the file again only to have the same scenario repeat itself at the exact same point in the file transfer . I 'd have to -LSB- stop -RSB- the transfer , find the file , delete it , and start over from the beginning . The next time , it took only 30 minutes to find another file to repeat this process on . The program told me it would only take about 3 hours to transfer everything , but I gave up after nearly four hours of using the Relocation software with only the My Documents folder moved . I could have installed all the programs , and transferred all my desired files in less time than that , and I would have saved seventy dollars.Sometimes , too good to be true simply is . This software is junk , and should be avoided if you want to retain your sanity .
 Where shall I begin ? Since this type of transfer works best when both computers are side-by-side , I lugged them both to a conference table -LRB- computer desk not large enough -RRB- - consequently , no internet connection in there . The provided USB transfer cable was not recognizable by either computer . No matter what we did . Ran out in a snowstorm to buy a parallel transfer cable . Recognized that fine . I would get to a point where I selected the applications and types of data files I wanted to transfer . The target computer began analyzing the source computer 's data files and I 'd get an error message that some of the files were not ` compatible ' . In particular , it was a System 32 win_14 file.I called Aloha Bob 's technical support . Got a voice mail message that said they no longer gave ` live ' support and to leave a message they 'd respond to in 24-72 hours . When you 're in the middle of transferring data , a 72 hour turn-around is not acceptable . I needed the new , larger computer for a new , larger project we took on and I now had a very expensive ` boat anchor ' on my hands for the meantime.When I did not receive a call within 24 hours , I made the decision to manually transfer what I needed and bite the bullet about my settings and so forth , starting from scratch . One of their techs finally called me 5 hours away from it being the 72-hour deadline for support assistance . The gal seemed , to me , to be a new hire since she kept saying ` hang on a second ' , put me on hold , then came back a minute later with instructions for me to do this or that , trying to solve my problem.After roughly 15 minutes of trying to find the incompatible file , with no success , she quickly told me she had another customer she had to ` get to ' that afternoon and I should continue on my own to find the file in question , delete it , and see if the transfer then worked . She would try to call me back before the end of her workday . Well , I did manage to find the file in question , deleted it , and the transfer still did not work.My summation of all this is that this software is an extreme rip-off considering the lack of support behind it . Obviously , their techs are not the ` experts ' in this application that they claim to be .
 Got new computer with XP . Instructions from Eisenwold say it works with XP but got the warning that Microsoft has n't o.k. 'd it for XP . Called Aloha Bob and he said to go ahead anyway . Did so , but it allowed some conflicting programs to migrate causing serious problems . After a weekend of fun I had to do a complete reboot from emergency disks . I decided to say Aloha to Bob .
 I used this product to transfer files to a new computer I had put together . I used the same operating system , Win98 SE . The program froze up a number of times . I was able to transfer most of my files , some of my applications . The problems is , when it freezes up , it starts all over again rather than being able to see what has already transferred . At one point , with just a few minutes to being finished , it was merging my old registry data with the new and froze up again . Very frustrating ! Also , on a previous freeze up , the target computer would not boot fully , even into safe mode . I wound up having to revert to a previous system configuration . I would not recommend this program to the average computer user . You could wind up getting into a situation you may not be able to fix .
 Zero stars if that was an option . Nothing on the cover or in the written instructions inside really tells you the true system requirements . You can only get an updated version by downloading , but if you , as I did , can only write to diskette on your old computer and only read CD 's or DVD 's on your new computer - this product sucks . It does n't work . Eisenworld 's tech support ca n't return your call the same day . They returned my call about 40 hours later when I was n't even home . And then when I tried to return the product , they wo n't take it back unless you get their `` permission '' to return it and a special number . Nowhere is this stated on the cover or the written instructions inside . It simply says `` 100 % guaranteed , '' return for full refund if dissatisfied for any reason . The return policy on the cover is a big lie . I received the software back in the mail yesterday . Total waste of money !! Use the program included with Windows XP .
 I wanted a product that would transfer several large files from a Win 98 desktop to a new notebook w / XP Home Edition . Had some trouble getting USB hookup to recognize the Source PC . Once that was working , I discovered that this product appears to be worthless for selected file transfer . You get 4 choices with the only file transfer being 1 . the entire My Documents folder 2 . A bunch of other files . I found that the latter marked many folders for all or partial transfer . I gave up fearing that this puppy would screw up my new notebook with unwanted files . This software is headed for the trash bin .
 After reading how easy it would be to transfer my old computer 's files to my new computer , I purchased this software . I new I was in trouble when it took most of one night to get both computers to recognize the usb cable -LRB- included with the program -RRB- . I then began the transfer following all instructions . Old computer has win2000 and new one has win xp professional . Transfer ran and then it tried to reboot new computer . No reboot ! Win xp refused to start . error message `` NTLDR is missing '' . No problem , I thought , let me call tech support at Alohabob . After searching high and low for a phone number I found it hidden away on a hard to find support page . No problem , I thought , I will call and they will fix it right away . When you call you find out that they have stopped all live support . Just leave your name and number and someone will call you in say 24 to 72 hours . Excuse me , why was n't I told this before buying this software ? I sit patiently waiting in front of a blank screen hoping someone will call . Oh , did I forget to mention ... for an additional fee you can get some other kind of support . Great , Seventy dollars for a program that does not work and now they have me hostage and expect me to pay more . Drop dead Mr Alohabob , and fix this mess on my brand new computer !
 I have a client who had just bought a new Dell notebook . His assistant tried to do her boss a favor by running AlohaBob to transfer their data from their current Windows XP Professional notebook to a new XP notebook.AlohaBob has some odd side-effects of some of the transferred programs sort of being installed but not always working properly . But the show-stopper was that we had to install Top Producer , a Real Estate agent 's management program . The installation for Top Producer simply would not launch . We tried many work-arounds and I had assumed it was Top Producer 's fault . I spent several hours on the phone with Top Producer 's 1st and then 2nd tier tech support . To their credit , they were very patient.It turns out that Top Producer is an older 16-bit , graphical user interface -LRB- GUI -RRB- - based program . On a technical note , this kind of program has Windows first launch its NTVDM module , prior to running the program . Each attempted launch of Top Producer would launch NTVDM as a process , but it would never progress beyond that point . We had assumed the problem was with only Top Producer until we also discovered that Windows XP 's own SYSEDIT program would no longer launch either -- also a 16-bit GUI-based program . Only NTVDM would launch , but not SYSEDIT.The upshot was that I had to reload Windows XP back onto this brand new computer . Top Producer then installed flawlessly.I 'm sure that Alohabob must work properly for most people , but my personal experience with it was less than stellar . I would n't recommend this type of product .
 Firstly , let me say that I am an experienced Windows user . I 'm no dummy here.I spent 3 hours of interactive time with the product trying to get a move from a Win98 machine to XP . Lem ` me tell you , I had to get on line to get a patch even AFTER it had checked itself to make sure that all was up to date . That took an hour to figure out . Then , of all the folders that would n't transfer , half of `` My Documents , '' had to be done manually on Zip disks . I did n't want to carry over Netscape -LRB- an old version 4 -RRB- but it would n't let me deselect it ; I had no choice but to bring it over ! To top it off , all of Office is embedded in two subdirectories on my new machine . Not what it 's cracked up to be .
 I needed to transfer documents between a laptop and my desktop and thought this program would facilitate the process . The price after rebate made it even more attractive . Well , remember the two adages , `` you get what you pay for '' and `` bait and switch , '' as this program satisfies both . First , while the menu asks what type of files/programs you want to transfer , it transfers everything , even if all you want are files in your My Documents folder . It starts by transferring the programs on the Source PC and then will make registry mods . I do n't like messing w / the registry.While first running the program it asks if you 'd like to upgrade to the Ultra version for $ 19.95 , the bait and swith . The documentation states that the Ultra version will allow one to do selective transfers from one computer to another ...
 The Alohabob PC Relocator is horrible ! I just purchased to transfer files to a new laptop and the operation transfer takes over a day . The box misleads the customer to believe the alohabob high speed cable is included . Instead the slowest possible cable is included . Of course , once the product is opened its almost impossible to return or even exchange for the Ultra which is $ 40 higher . The alohabob cable , cuts time down to hours , is not sold separately . Shady , shady company ! Buyer beware .
 Terrible product . Tried to upgrade via internet to get a better version and still had mega problems . Not able to transfer information . Spent many frustrating hours on this.Am currently trying to get my money back . Need to find a user friendly product . Worst software we have had since owning a computer ! Do not buy . Wish I would have looked at Amazon first .
 It took 26 hours to do the transfer . First , not everything was transferred . Second , most of what was transferred was damaged and therefore unusable . Had to reformat new computer and start all over . A big waste of money and time . Please avoid this one .
 I have the need to relocate my files from an old malfunctioning laptop onto a refurbished one . I have PC Relocator from circa 2006 but discovered that it would only run once . I ordered this without realizing that it has only parallel cable instead of the USB I need so I am unable to use this version of the PC Relocator.I 'm not sure if the USB version is still around given that Alohabob , with its technical support , is no longer in existence.At this juncture , I do n't know what options are available .
 This is the worst software I 've ever purchased . It 's supposed to make it easy to transfer files and settings from your previous computer . Instead , it took me more time to try to set it up to work , than it would have taken to transfer everything manually . For one thing , the box comes with two obscure cables - a network transfer cable and a high-speed parallel cable called the `` Aloha Bob '' cable which requires you to make changes to yourBIOS just to use it . It does NOT come with a USB cable !!! When I tried to use my own USB cable , the drivers were incompatible with Windows XP , and there were no updated drivers on the website , only a comment that you can `` ignore the XP message that tells you not to install the driver . '' Ignoring that message does n't make the driver work . Finally , once I opened the software -LRB- which prevents you from returning it to the retailer , of course -RRB- , I discovered the program does n't even put your data files into the right place - at least not as far as I could tell from the documentation . Instead , it takes all your Word files , for example , and puts them in a `` Word Files '' folder . Do n't waste your money !
 This software never worked at all . I could not establish a connection between the two computers . Safe-mode , regular mode , turn the source on first , turn the target on first none of it made a difference . In addition , the note inside , that it may not move all of the programs should probably be on the outside.A complete waste of money .
 I purchased this product , never worked at all , I contacted the company to return for credit , took 2 Faxes , 3 Emails and 2 Phone calls and 2 weeks later they email me and tell me it will take 3 more weeks to start paperwork for return . I plan on reporting them to BBB and Atty. General Sate of Florida.Do yourself a favor and do n't purchase this product .
 Nothing but trouble ; I would have rated it 0 stars had I the option . Took me over a week of this and that errors listed using the various cables . Finally had to transfer the data by burning a CD which I could not load as I received an error message there , also.I should have read these reviews first .
 The voice of Dorothy the Dinosaur provides instructions as you navigate around an island-shaped menu of 8 mini-games . Unfortunately , the games themselves -LRB- Tic-Tac-Toe , simple jigsaw puzzles and mazes , etc. -RRB- are very short , unimaginative and look cheap . They are of the quality that you can easily find for free on websites like Nick Jr. , Playhouse Disney , or PBS Kids.One of menu options is n't even a game at all - it 's just 3 short clips from the `` Wiggle Bay '' video . Another game where you water four of Dorothy 's flowers , is actually quite frustrating -- each plant starts dying if you remove the water for more than a split-second , so the only way to get them all to bloom is to be in a ridiculous constant motion.And besides those three video clips , the Wiggles themselves are barely present at all in the game . Comic-book-style renderings of their faces appear on the screen , and you 'll hear an occasional `` Hi I 'm Jeff '' or `` You 're very good at this game '' , but Dorothy is the voice who provides all the instructions.Overall , a very disappointing product .
 Trust me when I say , do n't waste your money , this game is not worth it no matter how much of a Wiggle fan your child is . My son is a huge fan so I got this for him thinking it would be the perfect thing to introduce him to the computer . After we played each game just one time he was bored and wanted to get down to go play and that is n't like him when it comes to anything dealing with The Wiggles , he eats , breathes , and sleeps The Wiggles .
 No Wiggles music is incorporated in the game . The computer games are better designed for older kids . Games include Tic , Tac , Toe and maze games . Not the best children 's computer game out there .
 Being the purchasing parent , I got to play the Waste Your Money game with Disney . I like The Wiggles , I have no problem sitting through hours of Wiggley fun , but goodness gracious Disney Interactive ! How could you allow this to be put on the market - for 20 dollars no less ? My son actually said to me , `` Daddy , it 's not doing nothing ? '' -LRB- I 'll work on his use of double-negatives later -RRB- Uhh , Merry Christmas Son ?!? It offers NO stimulation for the childs mind and has NO entertainment value . Basically , it 's the PC game equivalent of a cardboard cut-out . Let me give you an example of how bad it is
 I brought this as a gift because a friend wanted clip art for her classroom , but it does n't work on MAC -LRB- Apple Computers -RRB- at all . Online on Amazon there is a long list of programs it says this clip art disk is compatible with yet it is all lies . Do not waste your time or money buying this clip art disk . I returned it .
 Can you rate something with negative stars ? This is a bunch of the weirdest clip art I 've even seen - nothing worth using . Do n't waste your time or money !!!!!
 I realize that such a CD will have many `` cartoonish '' pictures and include the `` ecumenical '' or new age religions , but I expected that a few time-honored pictures could be found . After all , we are talking about the majesty of God !!! At least 50 % of all the pictures were gross and distorted figures -LRB- most were making fun of nuns , priests and monks -RRB- . Even the `` kid pictures '' of the saints -LRB- and they had every name you could think of -RRB- were so poorly drawn that there was no difference or distinction between them other than the Saint 's name . Even the Jewish and Muslin sections looked exactly like the Christian section ! They could just as well exchange some of the titles of those for the Christian ones . I did not find any dignified pictures of Christ and the Christmas section was reindeer , holly , Santa , etc. - all secular.The best I can say is that some of the clips of Churches were good and one or two were very nice . The best ones had some detail to them and that made them look elegant . That was generally lacking in all the other pictures ...
 Image quality and variety was medium . While there are some excellant images , I had to search for them through multiple categories to find them . Many , many of the images were childlike , almost cartoonish , and I 'd be embarassed to use them in a religious group 's newsletter -LRB- my purpose -RRB- . In addition , each image seems to have a vertical black line built into it at the left side , which forces me to edit the image and overlay part of it with a white stripe . One should not have to jump through these hoops ! I also could not save an image to disk ; I had to select it , copy it to the clipboard , and paste into another document.Granted , some of the images are inspirational , and there are many of a wide range of subject matter -LRB- e.g. , Jesus 's miricles -RRB- . However , each time I load this cd to look for an image , I sigh a sigh of frustration , and wish I had something better to work from .
 This is a case of bait and switch . Art Explosion Holiday Clip Art is shipped in place of the advertised -LRB- and illustrated -RRB- `` Art Explosion Religious Clip '' One receives Santa and the Easter Bunny images ; instead of clip are suitable for Bible related publications.Retired
 I wanted to like it . I really , really did.But I 'm coming off of using WinFax -LRB- I 've forgotten the version -RRB- under Win 98 . Now I 'm on Win2000 and wanted/needed a new program to act as a answering machine under this platform.Ok , HotFax is that , but not much more.Some of the more interesting features I had been use to are not there like having my Scroll Lock light -LRB- on the keyboard -RRB- flash when I have messages waiting . No big deal , but it was nice to see at-a-glance if I had to turn on my monitor and retrieve msgs.HotFax also has made it more difficult -LRB- by comparison -RRB- to check out old msgs . It 's not hard , just more difficult.And do you want to add a personalized message that was recorded elsewhere - say by a friend or even a pro Voice Over talent ? Forget it . HotFax only allows you to input your voice through a modem mike - no other formats allowed . Very sad.Then there 's other cool features that I miss like a speed control to listen to msgs slower or faster . Usless , you may say . Well I rather liked being able to slow down a phone number left by a fast speakerr , or speed up someone who just ca n't get to the point.HotFax , in fact makes you either go to another button to skip around msgs or listen one by one - in order - through the main program.Yes , the program seems to send and receive faxes and does indeed receive phone messages , and does so aparently flawlessly . It 's just not elegant . It 's just no fun .
 If you are planning to buy this softwar , and have WINDOWS XP , forget it . You will cry . I had Windows ME , it worked , but now I upgraded to XP , and guess what , it does n't work at all . They said it will work with any windows 9X OS , but it does n't . I called them , their customer service is horrible . You know what they said to me was that my modem US Robotics V. 90 does n't support their -LRB- product -RRB- . If V. 90 does n't support this , why do they build such software , and who will buy that?If you are thinking to buy it , give it up and look for something else .
 After much research and what I thought was careful planning , I downloaded the software and found it would not work with my computer . To make it work would require a new modem for around $ 300.00 . Tried to contact Smith Micro and they were `` on holiday '' . Unfortunately , the time frame to return product expired while they were `` on holiday '' and they said it was too bad for me . Terrible customer service and I encourage people to do business with another company entirely .
 We had a hard drive crash , and lost our copy of Quicklink -LRB- and I could n't find the original media anywhere . -RRB- I dl 'd the demo , then purchased the new HFMC to install over the demo . The disk that Smithmicro sent was physically broken -LRB- they ship the CD in a flimsy envelope , no box -RRB- and when I asked for help getting my now-expired system up , they wanted me to send the broken one back before replacing -LRB- understand they had a credit card record of my original purchase -RRB- God forbid that you have any trouble with these guys . Their tech support is non-existant . They have one of the worst voice-mail-hell systems I 've ever seen . I was absolutely furious by the time I actually got to speak with a human . And he was just useless.I 'm using this product to support a remote office call-in system and due to the above non-support , I finally had to buy another copy -LRB- downloaded this time -RRB- to get my remote ops back up . I feel like an extortion victim . I 'll never buy from these guys again . Stars
 This software was a waste of time and money for me , as it does not function unless you already have a voice mail system in place with specific drivers . I already have fax capabilities in my computer , so this software was unnecessary and useless .
 I have been using the 4.0 version of this software on a Windows 98 platform for several years , with disappointing results . The fax does not work well when it comes to sending file attachments , sometimes resulting in annoying crashes . Logging the sent or received faxes is a big problem , as the fax viewer can not open the faxes stored in a default directory that can not be changed . Very recently I updated my Windows 98 with all the critical updates from Microsoft , and HotFax crashes the computer -LRB- very reliably ! -RRB- every time I try sending a fax . Do n't buy this product , find something better .
 The anticipation for installing this faulsely advertised product was great . The ad work says it will install on a Windows PC or Macintosh . My iMac running OS X 10.6 is apparently not included as it can not be used on this new version of the Macintosh computer . Do not purchase this item unless you have a 10 year old computer . Complete waste of money . The supplier indicates that there is no refund available .
 Most efficient and fasted defrager there is , no doubt . But when I used this as my defrager and continued using Norton Utilities - it crashed my system and I had to reformat my hard drive so access it again . The problems occurred when I would use Nortons System and Windows Repair functions in conjunction with Diskeeper 6.0 . I unloaded it and sold it to a friend who does n't use Norton Utilities and just wanted an upgraded defrag tool .
 Inspite of having XP in its name , Office Developer XP does not completely load on Windows XP . There are problems will Exchange and SQL servers workflows . This product was touted by Microsoft has having a developmental envirnoment , but does so only on a server -LRB- which already has the services for this product -RRB- . Also , Microsoft omitted a web server to be use for development . A few years ago they provided the personal web servicer as a free download , which could use for developing web sites having ASP and Front Page extensions , but the PWS is only for Windows 95/98 . Now the independent developer at a minimum has to lease space on a provider 's web server.Furthermore , the product interfers with Visual Basic 6 . Office somehow tries to re-install itself when Visual Basic is ran . It prevents Visual Basic from opening existing projects.Save yourself the money , if you need to get Office XP buy the standard or professional . You 'll will probably need the cash to upgrade Visual Basic and/or rent server space .
 ... If you 're an intense Access or Excel macro user , you might want to go with this.Anyone else can get go to openoffice.org and download that office suite instead . Or get StarOffice here . You can do so many of the same things . Open or create Word files , do all the stuff you can do in Word , save'em back as Word format or not . Make web pages . Do mail merges , hooked up to any database you want . Do presentations . Impress is the PowerPoint equivalent and reads those file formats . It 's got good effects and animation . Do all the spreadsheets you want . The Excel equivalent handles Excel formats and lets you save back out in that format or not.And the openoffice and staroffice file sizes are tiny . If you 've ever been really annoyed by bloated MS Office file sizes , you are going to love openoffice or staroffice . Really small files.Put the money in your 401k . Skip MS Office .
 No , No No ! No monakeys here ! Makes me Heep and scream . You see the digital dashboards -- laugh in the back . Why do yo ask ? Why is there why , or why equals how . That 's it now ! With the program , you are unstoppable . Not to forget the web power of cling . Yes Yes Yes !! Take that away though , you have monakeys with apebates . Take care of those socks .
 In keeping with Microsoft 's total lack of concern for consumers , they have fixed this version so the purchaser must do a minimal registration via the web or phone in order to use the product . This means it is locked to your computer . This is an effort to prevent piracy . Preventing piracy is an honorable and important goal . However , there 's more to it . If you upgrade or replace your computer , you 'll have to call them on the phone and explain your story and if they think you 're telling the truth , then maybe you can install the program you bought on your new computer . This also means that if you have two computers on your desk , you have to buy two copies , one for each computer . Also , this is Microsoft 's first step toward forcing consumers to lease software instead of buying it . This move would likely force consumers to upgrade to the latest bloated version , even if they are happy with the old one.Office XP is a decent set of applications , but there are at least two good alternatives that do n't come with the obnoxious features . Check out either StarOffice or WordPerfect Office 2002 . Both are excellent office suites and both are available on Amazon . Both are totally compatible with Microsoft Office file formats.So , before dropping a ton of money on another Microsoft marketing scheme , consider the alternatives .
 I was looking for an inexpensive amp simulator to run on Garageband , as the stock guitar sounds are pretty lame . I had downloaded Amplitube 2 Live on a 10-day trial , and even though it 's limited to basically a Fender-type and Marshall-type amp settings -LRB- along with a bass amp -RRB- , I found them to be pretty usable and flexible . Basically I was looking for something I could plug into -LRB- using a Lexicon Lambda as interface to an iMac -RRB- and quickly grab some ideas with minimal fuss and decent tone . Amplitube 2 Live easily interfaced with Garageband and worked pretty good with little noticeable latency . When the trial period ran out I came across a deal for Amplitube -LRB- 1 -RRB- Live and thought I would try that . What a disappointment ! Even though it has a boatload of preset sounds -LRB- which you can reconfigure -RRB- , most of them are not useful . I felt the overall tones were more digital and less organic sounding than the Amplitube 2 Live trial version . Also Amplitube 1 Live had a very noticeable latency delay that was a bit aggravating , and I could not get it to interface with Garageband . And forget about support or documentation from IK . Bottom line - do n't spend your money on this -LRB- Amplitube 1 Live -RRB- , no matter how good the deal looks . Amplitube 2 Live at less than 100 bucks is a better deal
 Pocket streets is great for locating an address but does n't help you find it , ie get there . It puts a star on the map but does n't label all the surrounding streets . All streets are drwan as lines whether they are an alley or a freeway which makes it difficult to understand the geographic context of the address . You can highlight the subway stations but the names are not labelled . I use mapquest.com when using my PC so I really bought this -LRB- full price -RRB- for my Windows CE Pocket PC . The problem there is that the city databases are memory consuming and handle a limited area . I ended up scanning a few pages of a real map , that is more useful in navigating .
 You 'd figure that Microsoft products , though not always greater than the competition 's , would at least be on par.Hardily the case with S&T 2002 . From reviews here , it 's not a good product for camping and traveling . Well , it 's not good for the city either . I live in a major metropolitan area . There 's a major freeway in my city that 's been here for 3 years , and still , it does n't show up on the map.The big problem I have with this product is the lack of updating information . MS has the ability to check freeway condition and improvements . But instead of that feature , why not update finished freeways , new streets and past closuresI give it some credit . The mapping of several addresses at once was very on key . However , without the correct addresses , often times I 've gone the wrong way for over 30 minutes . Planning a route is pretty easy , and it 's nice to be able to save the routes seperately from within the program . But I 'll have to take my chances with Rand McNally 's this year .
 You 'd figure that Microsoft products , though not always greater than the competition 's , would at least be on par.Hardily the case with S&T 2002 . From reviews here , it 's not a good product for camping and traveling . Well , it 's not good for the city either . I live in a major metropolitan area . There 's a major freeway in my city that 's been here for 3 years , and still , it does n't show up on the map.The big problem I have with this product is the lack of updating information . MS has the ability to check freeway condition and improvements . But instead of that feature , why not update finished freeways , new streets and past closuresI give it some credit . The mapping of several addresses at once was very on key . However , without the correct addresses , often times I 've gone the wrong way for over 30 minutes . Planning a route is pretty easy , and it 's nice to be able to save the routes seperately from within the program . But I 'll have to take my chances with Rand McNally 's this year .
 MS Streets and Trips was very unsatisfactory for planning a trip to the desert southwest this summer . First , an admission . I often work with a professional mapping program -LRB- GIS -RRB- so my expectations are probably a little high . I bought MS S&T ; because I did n't have the appropriate data for the GIS to make maps of the area -LRB- I live elsewhere -RRB- . I thought S&T ; might work and I was interested in its ability to prepare maps for the Web.The major problem I had with MS S&T ; is that the maps did n't provide enough information at a useful map size -LRB- scale -RRB- for the `` wide open spaces '' I intend to visit . Many times the objects might be there but they would only appear if you zoomed in enough . By then , the map was so zoomed in that you lost all sense of the lay of the land . For example , imagine that you found a campground in a national park , but you had to drag the map five or ten screens across to find the park entrance . By that time you have only a vague sense where the campground was . If you try to zoom out to get an overview , the campground -LRB- and probably the entrance station -RRB- disappear from the map.There is no control whatsoever over when a object or type of object appears on a map . It 's also difficult to put labels on . And natural features are n't very well represented in general . On the plus side , the program lets you import and plot locations by their latitude and longitude . I was able to overcome the scarcity of data by downloading a data set that provides all the landmarks on USGS topo maps and gives their lat/longs -LRB- search for GNIS if you 're interested -RRB- . This program apparently was intended almost entirely for trips to urban areas , and for that purpose I offer no opinion . But if you 're going to the outdoors , try something else . For my purposes , Delorme 's Map Print Pack served well and was inexpensive ...
 I doubt the above 2 reviewers are the actual users of MS S&T 2002 because none of them revealed the 15-second delay in updating the GPS position , the same unacceptable defect also found in S&T 2001 . Driving 70 miles an hour on the interstate highway , you 'll ALWAYS miss your exit with the belated 15-second GPS update . As a matter fact , there 's very little difference in terms of features and performance between S&T 2001 and 2020 . Contrary to Michael 's cliam , S&T 2002 's support for most GPS receivers -LRB- including Garmin and Magellan -RRB- is hopelessly zero . While all mapping software products contains errors , DeLorme Street Atlas USA is the best for your money . BTW , comparisoin with Rand McNally is unfair because its map was based an obsolete version supplied by ETAK . Nonetheless , Rand McNally StreetFinder and TripMaker are very friendly with all GPS receivers on the market .
 Even if you buy the 2002 maps . The maps are older than 2002 . A update feature is not there . You will be stuck with maps that are older .
 After paying for this software , I was very disappointed to find out that it will not locate addresses that are three years old . I thought that was the reason for buying the 2002 year edition . Other free very well known services have the address I was trying to locate . The only thing I find useful is the pocket streets feature . But it ca n't be very useful if the address you are looking for is not in the database .
 I purchased Streets & Trips 2002 so that I could download state maps into a PDA . Installation and operation are familiar and straightforward . And maps download quickly to the PDA if you have a USB connection . But despite the fact that my PDA is equipped with a 128mB flash disk , Streets & Trips 2002 severely restricts the size of a downloaded MPS map file to a region that is about the size of Rhode Island , pretty much a joke out here in the Western US . The restriction seems more related to the size of the region rather than its density . Pocket Streets is useful for an urban area , but disappointing for a roadtrip .
 The software is highly inaccurate and therefore , unreliable . We have traveled in many states and have yet to have the software produce accurate information . Save yourself a lot of grief and buy a road atlas and city maps when you arrive at your destination.Furthermore , it does not allow you to name selected roads on the maps as you can in `` Road Trips Door to Door '' . Possibly because they do n't have the names in their database .
 I 'm a distribution manager for a newspaper and I thought that this program would be handy . I used the feature that grabs addresses from a spreadsheet and imputs them into the map . When I double checked the locations , I noticed that more than half of them were wrong . They are often within a few blocks , but that makes it difficult when you are trying to plan a route . I must say though , that the route planner , when it works , is very nice .
 This program has some very bad data for my hometown and neighborhood . I 'd be very afraid to use this program to get me someplace I did n't know , which , of course , is one of the reasons for using it.For my hometown , it had the following problems :1 . missing streets2 . distorted and misplaced streets3 . dirt roads and service roads marked as regular roads4 . data on stores and restaurants was sometimes off by up to a mileAll of the above problems were found on roads that are at least five years old.A simple test of planning a route from my house to work took me down a dirt road ! This is one of the very few dirt roads in town . While trying to get it to go on paved roads , it came up with some very bizarre routes . It did n't seem to know that this one major road crosses a freeway . It kept coming up with routes that would have you get on the freeway , get off at the next exit , and then double back on a surface street . Arghhh !!!! All of the major on-line mapping sites did a perfect job on this test.I did n't find this program to have any significant advantages over on-line mapping sites , other than speed . I did n't find the drag-n-drop feature to be very useful . All it seems to do is add stops along the route . I did like the ability to draw a square on the map and tell it to avoid routing that area . This might be useful when trying to get around some of the crazy routes it comes up with . It has seemingly no integration with Office , which would have been a significant advantage over on-line sites ...
 I 've used Microsoft Streets and Trips through a number of versions , from back when they were two separate products . I skipped the 2001 version , so I do n't know if the articles and pictures of interesting attractions were dropped for this version , or one back . The bottom line is that the content that was most useful for planning family vacations was quietly dumped in the last year or two . Now the only `` information '' you can get is an address and phone number . The `` web links '' just drop you into a search engine , only marginally better than just using Google yourself . If you want to spend a couple of hours in the evening exploring what might be available along your possible travel route -LRB- and not tie up your phone line the entire time -RRB- you 're out of luck . I deeply regret that I installed this and tossed my older CDs . It never occurred to me that Microsoft would take a major step backwards . If you have an older version , just save your money . I 'm going over to eBay to pick up a copy of what I used to have , so I 'm out what I paid for this version , plus more to rebuy what I 'd paid for before !
 The very first route I planned with Microsoft Streets and Trips was from an address in Rochester , NY to an address in Sterling , Va. . The software took me east through Syracuse , on a 446 mile , 7 hour and 48 minute route.I * knew * it was better to go directly south , so I coached the software by telling it to add stops in Corning , NY and Harrisburg , PA. . Sure enough , now it found a 370 mile , 7 hour and 12 minute route.Further experiments show that the software 's `` shortest '' and `` quickest '' routes are often longer and slower than the routes you can force it to plot by adding well-chosen stops . But of course if you know what route you want to force , you do n't really need the software.I 'm switching back to Delorme 's Street Atlas . I 've been using Version 6.0 , where the interface is truly awful but at least you get the right routes . I 'm hoping that in the current version 9.0 , they 've improved the interface and the underlying mapping algorithms are still as good as they 've always been .
 This product is a Microsoft joke at my expense . To label 2 year old maps as 2002 is ludicrous . If your 're ok with maps from 1999 and still want to put this junk on a laptop you 'll need 800 + Megs of space . Interface is slow & clumsy . If you have faith in Microsoft products this product will cut it in half - at your expense . Anyone who gives this product more than a zero should really click over to ALtavista and try MapQuest 's mapping to see what a quality product is ...
 I 've used this thing three times and EVERYTIME the directions have been wrong . The maps are usually on spot but the directions are way off base . It tells me to turn on streets that do n't exist or are on the otherside of town . This thing needs major improvement
 Even though the product information states that the MIPS processor is supported -LRB- but not tested -RRB- , I could not get this program to load onto my Fujistu Pencentra 130 Handheld PC . I had to send it back to Delorme .
 Streets & Trips has not changed at all since the 2000 version , which itself was actually a downgrade from the 1999 version . While the street data has presumably been updated with each subsequent release , the interface and features , which are far from perfect , remain completely unchanged.There is very little information on any places , and no hyperlinks are provided to find such information either . Seems like Microsoft is only interested in the internet so far as they can control it and profit from it - not when their customers actually need it.As with every version after 1999 , there is no good way to manage your pushpin sets . Tasks as simple as creating a new set of pushpins or moving pushpins from one set to another require a non-intuitive , inefficient , and cumbersome procedure . There is no dedicated screen to help you organize your pushpins.Also , there is no global command to hide or display all pushpins , their labels , or their details . In fact , there is no way at all to hide pushpins other than by deleting them . If you want to hide a pushpin 's label , reveal it , or displa its full description , this must be done with each pushpin one by one , in a very slow and cumbersome procedure . Since 1999 , Microsoft removed pushpins from the program 's `` Show or Hide Places '' dialog box.If you only have top deal with a few pushpins at a time , then I suppose this is n't a big deal . But if you want to manage groups of pushpins , you 're out of luck because this product seems intentionally designed to make this as hard as possible.There is no way to control at what zoom level street names and other details do or do not appear . This means that you frequently find yourself zooming out to get the big picture , only to have to zoom back in again to see the label for the street or place you 're looking for . Similarly , too many details are often visible when zooming out , particularly pushpins , creating a horrible visual mess if you 're not viewing the map at street level . But there is no way to control this , and as I said before , there is no way to hide all pushpin labels with a single command.As far as directions go , you are better off vioewing the path on the mapo than trying to read the turn by turn directions provided by the program , which can turn the simplest route into a confusing mess . Worse yet , the program overlooks common local names for streets -LRB- ie , Main Street -RRB- and usually refers to them only by their Federal , State , or County road numbers , even when nobody refers to them by those numbers . Horrible.Pocket Streets is a worthless abomination . I could write volumes about everything that 's wrong with this terrible piece of software , and I have - along with thousands of other angry users . Yet Microsoft has completely ignored these complaints and left this program the useless mess that it is . It is just meant to promote the Pocket PC platform - not to actually do what it 's advertised to do .
 Very dissappointed with the 2002 version . I have used S&T ; 2000 for several years and loved it . It was accurate and provided off-line information about the points of interest -LRB- great on the road when internet is not available -RRB- . This version assumes your always connected . The information button provides only address and phone # , no web address ... just a `` more online '' button . When I 've clicked `` more online '' I 've only received `` Page not available '' page . This version provides NO information about National Parks , Recreation Areas , etc. . The 2000 version provided detailed descriptions , kid picks , web addresses , and a ton of other info . -LRB- without being on-line -RRB- . I have also found numerous errors concerning the location of resturants and other `` points of interest '' . I plan to re-install the 2000 version , return this version -LRB- if I can get my money back -RRB- and purchase different trip planning software .
 First the good news !! The maps were very detailed , and the find a place or address worked well . It does sync to my handheld which is a plus for me since I travel a lot , and need all the help I can get keeping myself located.However , on the down side , the route planner is of very little use . Much of my traveling is on the west slope of Colorado . I specified that I preferred to travel on interstate and main highways . I quickly found the route planner taking me over mountain passes that are restricted to four wheel drive , and only passable five months a year when they are not covered with six feet of snow . Had I not known the area , and had I traveled some of the specified routes , the situation would have not only extremely inconvenient , but possibly very dangerous as well . I found that in many cases , the route planner only worked if I already knew the best way to travel , and mapped it out myself . The only useful feature was the ability to calculate mileage.I would not recommend this product for general usage . The main advantage to me is the compatibility with my hand held . There must be better products out there .
 I have used Streets & Trips 2000 for a while now and have loved it . So naturally when the latest release was touting new features like GPS support , I was eager to get it . When I finally did I was very disappointed . The new 2002 additions are nice but they took away my most time-saving feature from the older version . In the old version , whenever I was planning a trip lasting many days and needed to find hotels and see which ones were suitable for me I would use the `` More Information '' option when selecting a specific hotel . This would then give me all the features about the hotel such as ; does it have a pool ? , what are the rates , and so on . Well , now when you click on the `` More Information '' option all it does is give you the street address along with a link to some partner website where you can do your own searching to try and get more details . This feature saved me so much time in the past and now it 's gone . At this point I 'm ready to send it back for a refund .
 After using MS S&T 98 for years we decide to upgrade to MS S&T 2002 . It would seem that our version of MS Outlook that came with Windows 98 was not up to the unspecified requirements of MS S&T 2002 and it loaded new mail software . In the process our address book was destroyed !
 If you are a serious user of reference books and you intend to buy multimedia encyclopedia because of its text content and not multimedia features such as videos and animations , you might be interested in this brief comparison between Microsoft Encarta and Encyclopaedia Britannica -LRB- in both cases I 've been trying 2002 Standard Edition -RRB- . Some of the Encarta 's plusesCharacters displayEncarta displays practically all foreign characters correct -LRB- e.g. Slovenian and Czech c with a circumflex , other Central European characters , Portuguese a and Spanish n with a tilde , French e with a grave accent , etc. -RRB- while Britannica does n't . Two concrete examples
 I just had a chance to try this software and it was awful . The program kept on freezing . Should have bought encarta instead . This program does n't really have any detailed information . Most of them are short and without any sort of pictures ...
 BOUGHT THIS FOR MY DAUGTHER FOR CHRISTMAS HAVE TRIED 4 TIMES TO INSTALL AND AFTER INSTALLATION CAN NOT START , GET AN ERROR MESSSAGE AND PROGRAM CLOSES . CAN NOT FIND ANY HELP AT THE MICROSOFT SITE TO HELP ME .
 If you intend to buy this because you like the online version then you will be highly disappointed . The product lacks a proper dictionary -LRB- it 's no where close to the online one -RRB- . There is no audio support in the dictionary , no help with the pronounciation etc. . I bought the product hoping that it will be similar to the online encarta but I am totally dissapointed . It also gave me lot of trouble in installation . I had to call Microsoft 's customer support thrice but that did n't help . It only worked when I upgraded my IE to 6.0 .
 If you own Encarta reference suite 2001 , do n't bother purchasing the 2002 version . Many features are missing and I was very disappointed after I loaded up the latest version of Microsoft 's Encarta.The 2001 version had catagorized CDs . Two for the encyclopedia , one for the world atlas , one for the dictionary , and one for Africana . This allowed you to load each or any module separately on the hard drive . I always loaded the dictionary module . No longer . Now you ca n't tell which CD contains what information!You can no longer load one module -LRB- the dictionary or world atlas for instance -RRB- on your hard drive without having to load all 5 CDs -LRB- over 2 gigabytes ! -RRB- The 2001 version gave you a full sized window and was feature-rich . The 2002 version gives you a small pop-up window -LRB- which is not expandable -RRB- with minimal features and very brief definitions . Is this innovation the Microsoft way ??? If you can still get the 2001 version do it -LRB- this was a 5 star item -RRB- , stay away from Encarta 2002 , it is a waste of your hard earned money .
 The FactFinder program requires you to go online to look up the definition of word in dictionary -LRB- ... -RRB- . Why do you want to buy it ? Even though the definition is already in the Encarta reference library program , you still need to be online . If you want to work offline , you have to run Encarta program to just looking for the word definition . The program waste the area of your screen and your memory . AND , worse , there is no short key feature in encarta . You have to use copy and paste across programs . Bother doing that , I recommend you buy a paper-based dictionary , which is much better .
 I have purchased two earlier versions of Encarta and this is my last . The African American section is denigrating to both AAs and women . Young students have ample opportunity to view video clips of rock concerts and nightclub performers elsewhere . For serious students who need basic information without 2.2 GB of distracting trivia , I 'd recommend keeping Encarta 99 . The two hours I spent loading this software were completely wasted . I 've reloaded ' 99 .
 I purchased Encarta Reference DVD 2002 with high hopes . Despite several industry awards -LRB- e.g. `` Computing 's finest encyclopedia '' -RRB- , the encyclopedia lacks the sophisticated content and scholarly treatment appropriate for college-level users . Finding Encarta 's encyclopedia only suitable for browsing , I was very disappointed , and immediately compared my purchase to Britannica Online.Encarta is slick software , with lots of colorful pictures , hyperlinks , and multimedia , but the text seems really targeted at the parents of school-going children -LRB- grades 6 to 10 -RRB- with short attention spans . The expository style is far more USA Today , rather than New York Times , Scientific American or the Economist . Even the quantity of text is lacking
 I bought Instant Immersion English a few days ago probably for the same reason you 're at this page now.I wanted to start learning english pronunciation , because it 's my second languange , but this course is too basic and elementary . I really expected something better . I felt like first grade with those lessons !
 i bought this for my son 's nanny.how can someone learn english when all the instuctions are in english?the dictionary is helpful , but this program is obviously for people with some knowledge of the english language.it does not make it clear that this is not for someone who knows no english .
 This program worked fine on my computer -LRB- Win 2k pro -RRB- for about a month , and then i ca n't open it , i get a `` An unamed file contains an invalid path '' error message . Have done everything short of re-formatting my hard drive , which I probably wo n't do , easier to buy a competitor 's product that will work ... I 've asked Jasc for support 2 months ago , and nothing has happened , and nothing posted on their web site as of 11/13/2003 . Some of the batch functions that I purchased this product for got added to PSP 8 . Now I see they are trying to sell PSP 8 and Photo album as a `` suite . '' Go to www.jasc.com and read through the forums for this product -LRB- or any product , for that matter -RRB- before purchasing .
 I ordered this item , then downloaded the `` Full Featured '' evaluation from JASC so I would be able to use it while waiting ... While the editing of pictures was very easy and intuitive , I had several issues with some of the higher end features .1 -RRB- It would not recognize my printer as being able to print an 8x10 format , as a result , I was limited to 2 4x6 pictures per page , while Microsoft allowed me to fit 3 4x6 pictures on a page -LRB- one in landscape , the other two in portrait -RRB- 2 -RRB- The Panoramic feature just jumbled the series of photos in a confusing array . JASC support said it was probably the quality of the shots , but the Photostich software that came with the camera had no problems stitching the shots together into a nice panorama .3 -RRB- I made several attempts to make the Photo CD which alleges to create a CD that displays on my DVD player as well as having the ability to run a slideshow when the CD is placed in a computer that does not have the jasc software . The first test with 2 small slideshows worked OK , When I increased the number of slide shows and included the text screens , the software went through all the motions , and claimed success , yet the CDs were unreadable by either the PC or the DVD player . -LRB- Total size of the contents was 380M , well under the capacity of the CD , so size was not the issue ...
 Product support for this software is non-existent . Purchased Photo Album 4 specifically to record slide shows with audio onto CD 's . It has never worked . I have e-mailed JASC technical support numerous times over the last several weeks without a reply . Very frustrating .
 Easily the worst software I have ever used . My work uses this to organize photos and I have spent more time fixing issues that area mysteriously created by this software -LRB- false photo recognition from completely different folders and jobs , deletion of descriptions and titles , wrong photo order etc etc -RRB- . Dont even try to use the `` data base '' feature to fix it.DONT BUY THIS IS POORLY CODED CRAP .
 I have been very frustrated with this software . I have n't used it for much else than to create slide shows of my baby for the relatives , but this software has been a dismal failure in that one basic feature.For one thing , when you put together a slide show set to music , the test run on the computer may sync perfectly , but when you burn it to disc and play it on your DVD player , the pictures run out before the song does because the slide show runs too fast . So basically , testing the slide show on your computer before burning tells you nothing . I 've had to repeatedly go back to my computer , try to guess how many pictures to add to the end of a slide show so the song wo n't cut short -LRB- or increase the delay between pictures -RRB- and burn it again and again in order to get it right . It 's a crap shoot . What a waste of time , discs , and extra work!I 've also discovered that whatever changes you make to rearrange the order of pictures , you have to do it all over again when you import a folder to create a slide show , because the changes are n't transferred between settings . The only trick I found to bypass this feature is to rename the folder and import it to `` Create DVD '' as if it were a new folder.It organizes your photos fine and the photo enhancement tools are basic . Overall , it 's alot of unnecessary hassle to do such a simple task .
 I have n't tried the product yet but I 'm disapointed in their advertised rebates . They are quick to deny rebates and it took several calls for me to finally talk to the rebate person . It 's a flat denial . I believe the person that talked about the Tech support because if they do n't answer rebate issue it 's probable true that they do n't reply to Tech support questions . The email resolutions is probable not going to work , I had to call customer Svc at 800-622-2793 . Just be aware of their REBATES .
 This software is a piece of junk . I thought it would be an improvement over Photoshop Album because of some of its additional features , but it turned out to be useless . I note that Adobe Photoshop Album has a new version now , so I 'm going to order that and sail the Paint Shop Album CD into the ocean . Save your money . Do n't buy it .
 This is my first experience into digital cameras and photo software . I found the enhancing tools to be dissappointing . One of the big things I was looking forward to doing is making a CD that would be viewable on a DVD player . This did not work in any CD or DVD player I could find so I took the CD into my local Circuit City store . The sales person said that he had NO CD or DVD player in the store that could handle the VCD format that this software uses . This really made me happy ! He said that the format is no longer recognized . Maybe the guy does not know what he is talking about !? Be sure your player can handle the DVD format before you raise your expectation levels or even buy this product .
 The software interviews you and produces documents that are completely useless.It produced a lease agreement that had 4 lines . This is completely unbelievable . How can they sell this software ? They need to pull this software from market until they produce something usable .
 Save your money if you 're running Mac OS 1.0.4.4 -LRB- Tiger -RRB- -- it crashes when you try to print . There 's no technical support provided.This is useless .
 The lease it does for a residential rental is poor , the commercial rental lease it OK . I had an old version and it was much better . I purchased the software only for the leasing product so I cant speak to the rest of the program
 I would have gave this 2.5 stars but there is no option to rate in half star increments . Some of the answers to test questions are not correct , or do not fully illustrate the solution -LRB- working the problem out step by step to help people learn the process or identify where they went wrong -RRB- . Since people are using the software to learn it is CRITICAL that problems have correct answers and fully illustrated solutions . Also , you must have the cd inserted to run the program , but if you do not have it inserted there is no prompt to insert it , the program just refuses to run , and there is no error message either . This is problematic because there is alot of software nowadays that DOES NOT require the cd to be inserted , microsoft office being a prime example , so developers and publishers should not automatically assume that people will just know to have the cd in the drive .
 After reviewing product reviews for previous versions of Math Advantage , I purchased a copy of the software . Even though most of the reviews for the older verions of this software are negative , I told myself that they must have worked the bugs out for this version . However , once loaded to my computer I knew better and once again remembered that you ca n't expect someone else to change . Once I loaded the precalculus/calculus cd into my computer it loaded and created a shortcut as I expected . Then the software prompted me to type in my name , which I did . My name is Brian ; however , when I typed B-r-i-a-n the display showed Br5an . I retyped , thinking I had made an error but got the same thing . I tested the other keys by opening a blank Microsoft Word document . I discovered that most of the keyboard was reconfigured . I ran some tests to include a virus scan and a scan for spyware that may have caused the problem . However , everything was in order . I called Encore customer service the next day . Before , I could tell the Encore rep the test results , he quickly told me that my problem could only be caused by a problem with the ribbon cable that connects the keyboard to the motherboard -LRB- I have a Sony Vaio laptop -RRB- I told the person that I did n't think that was possible since I always handle my laptop with the utmost care . He kept his cousre and told me that he could n't think of anything else that it would be . Finally he added that he thought it would be a good idea for me to call Sony to begin troubleshooting with them . I called Sony . They told me that I should do a system restore . However , I had never made a back-up so I could n't go back to a restore point . Next the rep. said that I could do a complete system restore . A complete system restore would wipe the hard drive then rewrite the operating system to it . That would mean losing alot of data such as over 48 hours worth of music , Microsoft Office , Norton Systemworks , and all Microsoft updates to name a few . The Sony rep stated that if the problem disappeared after a complete system restore then the problem was with the software ; and if the problem did n't disappear after the restore then the problem was hardware related . I went ahead with the restore , suspecting the whole time that the problem was not hardware related . When the restore finished , I opened a blank Microsoft Word document to test the keyboard . It now worked fine , proving that the software was the problem . The moral is that Encore technical service representatives are poorly trained or are just trained to lie to get the customer off of the phone quicker . As a result , I spent many hours reloading programs and music to my system which would have been fine if I would n't have loaded this software . I have since sent the software back to encore with a letter , similiar to this one , requesting a refund . Please do n't be a victim . Investigate before you buy .
 I am not quite sure how the number lock would only be on for one stroke when you are typing , so that does not make sense .
 I have two versions of music maker
 Loaded with features for the price , but it is just a bunch of different products cobbled together that are far from seamless . Very frustrating , for instance , to use their various drum packages , which on the surface seemed so inviting .
 I read a tutorial for converting VHS to DVD and it suggested a program such as this one . I bought a capture `` card '' and with it came software to do basic capturing and editing ... all that this did . It comes with cheesy fade screens that I guess some who are into that stuff would love , but that 's about it . It was n't compatible with my capture card/system and did n't read my sound card so I could n't use the program to actually capture , just edit . This box is just sitting in the corner now since I have no use for it .
 A few months ago , I was searching for a product to convert my VHS tapes to DVD format , as I am moving in the coming months and wanted to `` downsize '' a bit . The first product I chose was this one , and I was severely disappointed for a couple of reasons : First , any product of this nature involves a bit of an investment . One must buy DVD 's and cases , as well as an audio/video cord -LRB- and probably an extra long one , if you do n't have an extra VCR laying around , as it needs to be pretty near your computer -RRB- . Now , that investment would n't be so bad if the finished product was satisfactory , but sadly that probably will not be the case . From my own experience -LRB- with a new Gateway computer -RRB- , I found that the newly-created DVD turned out to be less quality than the original tape unless taped on the highest quality mode , with which you only get one hour of dub time -LRB- or , essentially useless -RRB- . Basically , the very best one can expect from this product is a reproduction of the original VHS tape.I did , however , give this product two stars based on the fact that , with a large hard drive and top-of-the-line video capture card , it may work quite well -LRB- and thus would be much less expensive than a VCR/DVD recorder combo unit -RRB- . Yet , if I have a new computer and was n't satisfied with the results , it would take a mammoth effort -LRB- too much for the hassle -RRB- to make this product acceptable.Thus , if you have a super-powered computer geared for playing videos , this product may be a fit for you . If not , though , I would suggest buying a combo unit -LRB- or at least waiting until they come down in price ! -RRB-
 Do not waste your time and money to buy this product!I bought it recently and tried to install it on four computers . None of them worked ! The menu on its GUI shows '' ?????? '' on all four computers . This is indication of software bugs.With the proof , the store gave me a full refund . But my wasted time will never return .
 hey if you do n't know much about flash ... a great freeware to try before you use these difficult/expensive software is http://powerbullet.com
 I bought it for its sheet music scanning feature since I am often asked to transpose music to lower keys for fellow choir members whose range `` just ai n't what it used to be '' . Scanning works but it accepts only black and white tif files . It was difficult to insure black and white scans . Once the scans were made , the resultant transcriptions contained numerous errors -LRB- about one third of the entries -RRB- . Many editing features are quirky and the help files are not easy to use since they are organized in a `` user 's manual descriptive '' format -LRB- Who reads a Manual cover to cover before using anything , except possibly a chain saw ? -RRB- . On the plus side , it does display bar lines below and above the staff , making insertion of these notes easier than with Noteworthy Composer.The numerous scan errors make it difficult to justify the increased price -LRB- double -RRB- that of Noteworthy Composer .
 I bought this from CompUSA and it did n't have a serial number inside . It 's an $ 89.99 paperweight.If a company ca n't even make sure that a serial number is securely in every box when they ship it , they are n't worth your money .
 I purchased the Explorist XL directly from Magellan and this software from Amazon . My plans were to use this unit while camping and hiking in Michigan 's UP in mid-August . When I installed the software it took me through a `` Unlocking '' step to activate it . I was unable to complete this step because Magellan has taken there Ecommerce site down for an upgrade . I spent most of an hour online with various individuals and on hold . I went through a tortuous phone tree and then was asked for the same information I had just pressed various numbers to input . I also endured repeated requests for my name , email address and telephone number . This effort was of no use . They are totally unable to help me . They are very sorry but I am unable to use the software until after the 15th . I noticed that Magellan was n't willing to delay charging my card until I had a usable product . If this is their idea of customer support I 'm not certain that I want to continue being a customer . I was seriously considering purchasing one of their Maestro units but after this experience any of their competitors is preferable .
 I bought the software for a handheld Magellan GPS that I recently purchased . I did not realize the software comes on a DVD format . I did not have a DVD drive on my computer . When I tried to return it , the company I bought it from , `` ANTONLINE '' would not allow me to return it despite the fact that I had just purchased it and I did not install it . I ended up installing a DVD drive in my Computer . The software does work as promised but it is very tedious to install and the directions are not that self explainatory . When I complained to Amazon , they did not respond to my complaint ... very disappointing performance from Amazon . If I were you I would not buy from ANTONLINE . I would buy the software elsewhere .
 Purchased -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- with key . Key does n't work . Magellan support is unresponsive and utterly useless . Go with a Garmin product . . or anything else .
 I 'm running on Windows XP and the language program does not work correctly every time I shut down . In order to see the kana characters I have to reinstall the program all over again . The manufacturer needs a fix for this asap . Without being able to see the kana characters the program is totally useless . Any help with a fix for this would be greatly appreciated . Unless there 's a fix , I would not buy this program .
 Have been using this for 2/3 weeks and was satisfied - not deliriously - but not unhappy - until tonite when it decided to no longer present the Kana but a jumble of Western characters where the Kana should be . Program now useless .
 Based on the reviews here , I bought this software and it has been a big disappointment . Not because of the exercises or the dated graphics , even , but the fact that I get error messages -LRB- General Protection Faulty -RRB- only after a few minutes of using the program . I 've contacted technical support , but their response that this is an older version designed for Windows 98 , and that I should consider buying their newer version -LRB- for XP -RRB- . Had I known this is an outdated version , I would n't have bought it in the first place ! Also , a handful of the characters do not have pronounciation , which could be a glitch . Beware ! -LRB- The company has offered to give me a refund , since the software is basically useless on my computer . -RRB-
 I 'm no stranger to computer applications -LRB- I 've been installing and using them since 1985 -RRB- , but I can not get this product to display in a manner such that I can use it . The bottom margins are cut off , so all the necessary `` buttons '' are inaccessible.I emailed the support email address given but my email bounced .
 I got this product based mainly on the positive reviews that I see for it here . I guess that I am just the dissenting voice ... I think that overall , I would not buy this product again . I definitely would not recommend it to others . Why ? 1 . Compatibility : Others have mentioned that it has a hard time with modern machines . Others have indignantly replied that the manufacturer specifies which screen resolution must be used . You are both correct -- to use the program properly , you will likely have to change your screen resolution . There are some ways around this -- I got mine to work in a high res mode , but it took some jiggering to do it . And lets face it -- for about 50 bucks , I expect my programs to figure out what my machine 's default resolution is , and to adjust themselves to it . This was not the case when the program was written , true , but it is definitely time to upgrade/support this software a little if it is to remain a viable , marketable product . This issue alone should not dissuade you from getting this software , but definitely added to my dissatisfaction .2 . Poor production values : This is once more related to the fact that this program is -LRB- by software standards -RRB- quite old . It was made in 2004 , and the resolution of the drawings , the style of animations , the overall look and feel of the product is dated . It looks almost as if it were designed for a DOS type environment , although I am sure that it was not .3 . Lessons that are too simple : There is a lot of reading in the program . That is not a bad thing ... but instead of including the text in a simple manner , you have to hit all these little jiggly `` more '' or `` note '' or `` explain '' buttons to get all the text . This would n't be so bad , but the text boxes that pop up all require using their clunky scroll bars . All of this is inconvenient . But the kicker is that you frequently spend a lot of time doing this to get one salient fact out of the program -- very very simple concepts that did n't need a ton of bizarre explication to try to get you to remember it .4 . Lessons that are way too hard : There are a number of drills here that are just right -- the tone drill is very useful to beginners , and the drill for the verb `` to be '' is pretty good . However , on a number of occasions , you are suddenly asked to translate complete English sentences into Chinese . That is a great task , one that I would love to complete -- but they did n't get you to the point that you would be able to complete this task before you were expected to do it . A ** lot ** of Chinese characters are thrown around within dialogues -- but are not taught to you in any gradual fashion . I suppose that you could learn them all by right clicking them -LRB- to get their translation -RRB- , making your own flash cards , learning them , and then return to the program to participate in the translation exercises . However , once more , for 50 bucks , I expect the program to lead me by the hand down the garden path -- using matching games or something similar to help us to remember the characters and their corresponding meanings . They spend screens and screens explaining to you hte history of about 10 characters -LRB- which I actually then learned ! -RRB- but then expect you to somehow pick up the other approximately 590 words they use in the program . This is an odd and inconvenient distribution of difficulty .5 . No way to practice writing the characters themselves within the program
 this product is not nearly as useful as navionics . Magellan is not compatible with navionics so this was my only choice . I will most likely not buy another magellan product until they have opened the doors with some other software companies ...
 This is by far the worst product I ever had the displeasure and unfortunate circumstance of purchasing . I 'm very computer savvy and have been in the graphic design field for over 7 years using many different software programs and systems with no problem . Due to an `` optional '' password I had to install and uninstall this program 3 times before I could even open the program . Once I had it installed I tried to import a . csv contact list only to find no option listed for that . Then I found that I could import the list using Goldmine and Excel . I clicked the link and found I needed additional software from Microsoft which I downloaded . After that , I opened my list in Excel and clicked on Export to Goldmine to which I received an error about target tags . It said to use the help screen in Excel and of course there is no mention of target tags except to say that they are needed to export to Goldmine . I tried EVERY single other option to import my data list into Goldmine and sometime the program did nothing but freeze up or do nothing at all . Other times half a list would import or just names but no addresses would import . Even if I got the list into Goldmine correctly , the program is confusing and filled with bells and whistles that 99 % of users will never use . I use contact software to manage my current and potential client list , schedule new calls , keep notes on clients and mail merge to print envelopes . I have used a program called ACT for years and loved it . It 's simple and user friendly but I had an old version so I figured I would try Goldmine since their website touted that it was such a great product . It is HORRIBLE ! They also offer no support for their product . Their website says to use its support forums for advice on the product but the links to that forum on their website are broken . They offer no support UNLESS YOU PAY $ 60 PER HALF HOUR OF PHONE SUPPORT . The fact that they know you will need support and then bilk you for $ 120 an hour to get it should tell you what kind of company this is , the quality of software they sell , and how they conduct business . Buy ACT or any other product under the sun but DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT ! You are better off writing all of your contacts down on toilet paper with a crayon than using any product by FrontRange .
 This is a confusing product to use and has problems with synchronization . There are too many alternatives that are better including online ASP CRM products and even free CRM products online . The product is build on dbase and requires rebuilding periodically . Has lots of features which makes it very difficult to learn . You will spend more time trying to get this product to work , rather than selling .
 DJ Ringtones do not work on i-phones . This is not made clear or obvious before purchase . On the contrary , the ad leads you to believe it will work on any common phone . As I have no other cell phone , this was a total waste of money !!! Other than that it was very easy to use and create ringtones . Too bad I have no use for the software .
 this program is easy to use but the sound is terrible when it gets to your phone I would not recommend .
 My issue is that the CD I got was verion 3.5 . Which would launch but would only work in Demo mode becuase I was not connected to the internet to register my code . I bought this program for my son 's PC that has no internet . So i connected to the internet and registered version 3.5 . I then upgraded to the newest version 4.5.3 with no problems . The newest version has many new features the version 3.5 claims to have . When I removed the PC from the internet DJ ToneXpress version 4.5.3 stopped working . It would try to connect to the online services and fail and not launch . SO BEWARE , NO INTERNET NO WORKIE .
 It is supposed to allow you to create ringtones for free , but they actually cost more than if you just have the phone company do it .
 I looked at the reviews before I purchased this product online ... and I thought hmmm ... there is only one or two bad reviews and the rest look good , so I will go ahead and get this ... maybe the other two or three that reviewed it poorly are too picky . BIG MISTAKE ... I certainly wasted 16.95 , the songs that come out are terrible , they are full of static and you ca n't turn your phone up past a medium volume or they REALLY sound bad . . I have the new LG enV phone so it 's not the phone speakers -LRB- what the company claims -RRB- . However , I was able to cancel by e-mailing the company with how disatisfied I was , and stating how the test ringer was a misprepresentation . Customer service alone is fine , but still not worth it .
 Purchase AT YOUR OWN RISK ! The quality of the ringtones generated was poor . Unless you have web access on your phone and pay for the service , it 's difficult to get the ringtone to the phone -LRB- even though they include a link to download the tone to your computer for transfer , my phone did n't see the transferred file as a ringtone until I msg 'd it to myself -RRB- . The link to send the ringtone download link to the phone did n't work . Poor customer service - NO REFUND , so be sure you want ro risk the purchase price before you spend your money . Their reason for not refunding is that the software prompts you to create a test ringtone to send to your phone before purchase . Problem is that no matter what sound file you use to create the test ringtone , it generates a generic ringtone which is in no way resultant from your source file . In my mind that is not a valid test.I would not recommend this product . I will buy my ringtones instead . At least I will get something for my money .
 This program is good , UNTIL you get the ringtone on your phone , and it sounds worse than an AM Radio station . Do n't waste your money on this thing , just pay for the decent sounding ringtones .
 This product sucks on SO many levels . At least if you are a Nextel customer . First , I emailed the company asking about compatibility , Andreea assured me that my phone and provider were supported . I buy the software and get an email saying that they shipped on May 30th . I received it on June 4th with a postage label that showed the date of mailing as June 3rd !!! So right off the bat they lied to me and to Amazon ! I install the software and find that I ca n't use ANY of the advertised plug-ins . I also try to get the ringtones I created off my computer with Webjal and my data cable ... No joy ! I tried getting my ringtones via my phones web browser ... No joy ! I tried every version of Mp3 ringtone available for download and they would n't work . I emailed them and once again , Andreea answers ; telling me that the plug-ins are known to have some issues , that 's why they are not offered on the most recent version 4.0 !! -LRB- I suppose if you actually told people that they could n't create wall papers and such they might lose some orders ? -RRB- Andreea also at THIS point tells me that my cell phone provider -LRB- nextel -RRB- is known to be difficult !! Again , if I had been told this when I first asked , I would n't have bought it ! I emailed them telling them I would GLADLY send this crappy software back to them , and was IGNORED !! I will be filing an Amazon A-Z claim.This software was completely worthless to me as a Nextel customer with my Motorola i850.Caveat Emptor !! `` Buyer Beware '' , this company will say anything you want to hear before the sale and then IGNORE you when you catch them lying and ask for a refund.As an addendum , after requesting an A-Z claim , a Jake Mitchell who identified himself as Head Of Customer Support for DJ ToneXpress , contacted me -LRB- via email -RRB- and apologized . He also let me know that they had processed my refund.So , in the end I still ca n't say this product ever worked for me as a Nextel customer on my Motorola i850 , though they did refund my money without TOO much hassle .
 Do not buy this software . The software stopped working when I updated to 4.7.5 . The response from support was to re-install the program . That did not work & now I get no response from support . I can not recommend this software because it can stop working at anytime with no recourse and no support from website or company .
 I bought this thinking it would allow me to make ringtones for my iPhone . Based on the description , I thought this would work . What I received is an old version of the software -LRB- v 3.5 -RRB- and it is n't compatable with iPhones . Fortunately it was only $ 10 , but still a waste of money for what I thought I was buying .
 I expected this was the CD version of the old computer game . It is n't . It 's an updatedversion that I found impossible to play very well . I wish it had been the original .
 It is tough when your 5 year old observes that `` they do n't make games like they used to . '' Atari has slowed Pajama Sam down to the point of tedium . The gameplay is very slow and no longer features the ability to skip scenes already played through by use of the ESC key . This leads to a lot of staring at the screen waiting for something to happen or rote repetition that is no fun for anyone . Shame .
 My 4-year-old son and I both love the `` old '' PJ Sam games . So needless to say I was very excited to see the new software in store . I picked one up and gave to my son for Christmas and much to my dismay , it just was n't the same . Moving from scene to scene is so slow . It seems like the new game is less sophisticated than the older ones . Very disappointing for me and my son .
 The system requirements for this game specify a 1.3 GHz processor , and indeed it runs miserably slow on a 1 GHz machine . This is absolutely absurd for a such a simple , cute little two-dimensional game . Along with poor voice acting , lame jokes and trivial easter eggs -LRB- compared to previous Pajama Sam adventures -RRB- , it appears that Atari no longer stands for quality gaming and poor Sam has had to suffer for Humongous Entertainment 's acquisition . It 's especially sad to see this decline , given how much fun the previous Sam programs were .
 My 4 year old son has the previous Pajama Sam games and enjoys them a lot . They run directly from CD-ROM , are very smooth and have excellent gameplay . This game needs to be loaded onto the hard drive -LRB- takes 500MBytes -RRB- . The voice is out of sync for the entire game . There are numerous times when the game will pause unexpectedly for several seconds while the game loads from disk . When Sam moves from one screen to the next , he will freeze in mid air , only to appear several seconds later in a different screen . As a result , there is absolutely no continuity in the game . Frankly , I am shocked that this game was published at all given its incredibly unpolished state . It is a very poor effort ; especially since Humungous used to be capable of executing games close to perfection . I wo n't be buying more Pajama Sam products from Atari . I suggest you save your money and prevent your childs disappointment by not buying this game .
 I bought this game for my 5 year old twin granddaughters , who have loved all the Freddi Fish adventures , and who enjoy playing Pajama Sam Games to Play on Any Day . They hate the Life is Rough When You Lose Your Stuff adventure . It is very slow moving from screen to screen . It freezes the computer repeatedly . It is a major disappointment . I expected far better from the folks who have provided untold hours of fun with Freddi Fish . I know they are capable of better quality than this game provides .
 I bought the new Pyjama Sam game without hesitation because the other Humungous games are GREAT . But this stinker was slow and froze our computer within five minutes . The game is unplayable . My son is crying and I am so angry that I spent $ 20.00 on this . It was his brithday present !!! And I ca n't return it since the box is opened . Do n't buy this !!!
 I , too , wish I had read the Amazon reviews before I purchased this for my son . The game is so-o-o-o slow , when Sam moves from scene to scene . The dialog is out of sync with the pictures . And the biggest drawback is that there is really only one game . The Shoe , Shirt and Socks are always in the same place and need the same things in order for Sam to retrieve them . The other games had variations to challenge our 4 year olds . I wish that I had never bought it .
 I am so disappointed ! My children and I love all the Humongous Entertainment titles . They are so clever and well-executed and I was so happy to see another Pajama Sam out . What a mess it is , though . The voice is completely off-sync with the character 's movements and the screen freezes every time you want to move from one scene to the next . My 5 year old actually got up from the computer the first time she was playing it and said it was no fun . -LRB- and she 's a hardcore fan of Putt Putt , Freddie Fish and Pajama Sam ! -RRB- If they do n't put out a patch , and soon , I will never buy from Atari again .
 I fell in love with Pajama Sam # 1 , so I thought this would be a slam-dunk with my three kids . Boy , was I wrong ! In three plays , all of the items were in the same location each time , with the exception of one minor move , so there is no replay value . It is a huge file that would n't fit on my kids ' computer , and there is no autorun feature so I had to load it on mine . It moves very slowly and the transitions between scenes are amateurish.I will take a chance on # 's 2 and 3 based on other reviews , but this game needs work . Do n't be the first on you block to buy it ! ************* Now that I 've tried games 2 and 3 , I have to downgrade this one .
 My daughter and I have loved the Pajama Sam games . We 've waited months for this new one and what a letdown . As soon as Sam opened his mouth my daughter knew it was n't the same voice . It feels amateurish considering the awful transistions between screens , the jerky animation -LRB- on a fast computer ! -RRB- and the hopelessly out-of-sync dialogue . Having waited for the new Putt Putt as well , I can only surmise that it will be as bad as this one . Stick to the first three Pajama Sam games and hope that this will be the end of the series .
 The other pajama sam games are lots of fun for kids , but you might as well skip this one ... The lip-sync is so bad ... It does n't even look close . You might think you could ignore that but there 's more ... The transitions from area to area are slow -LRB- about 5 seconds , sometimes more -RRB- as well , for us it always crashes at a certain point near the end.The sound is kind of slow , and P.J. 's voice does n't really sound genuine , unlike the previous games -LRB- for instance , he pronounces `` book '' with a diminutive k , which makes him sound very un-kidlike -RRB- . Plus , I think the puzzles and overall feel from the previous games is far superior as well . Trust me , the old ones , if you can get your hands on them , are a lot better .
 We purchased this game today , because my kids have played every Pajama Sam game to date . We did not read the box that well , since we discoved that it does not run on our MACINTOSH . It 's surprising , since every other Pajama Sam games will . Once I loaded it up on our Windows XP box , we soon realized that Atari has ruined one of the premiere game series for children . The animation is choppy and the scene transitions are slow . The original voice of Pajama Sam is no more . The install process takes forever , and it gobbles up almost 550megs of drive space . The game does not look or play any better than the previous installments . I 'm not sure that Atari wants to do anything but make a quick buck . This was rushed out the door before it was polished . This is the last Atari game that I will ever spend any money on . Not only was my son very disapointed , I was disapointed as well . With all the progress in technology in the last 3 years , this series has gone backwards in time to the era of the 486 . It 's sad , very sad .
 We love pajama sam , however this game -LRB- the first I have bought since it was bought by Atari -RRB- has a huge glitch which locks up each time you go to a certain screen , and you can not complete the game without that page . I have attempted to contact Atari technical support more than once without any response from them . I will not buy another game by Atari .
 I am a hardcore fan of Humongous Entertainment and their fantastic lines of games , with Pajama Sam being my favorite . Even now , in my pubescent years , since I was five , do I love these games . They are fun for little kids , fun for adults to watch , and fun as guilty pleasures as a teen . They had great music , lovable characters , silly puns , and great gaming elements , including sandbox , point-and-click , and conflicts changing every time you pop the CD in the tray.I am of course referring to the first three games of Pajama Sam.I am , however , not referring to Pajama Sam 4
 Every year my children and I await for the new Freddi Fish or Pajama Sam game to be released . Usually , it 's a few years wait . I have to say that I am utterly disappointed in the latest release of Pajama Sam . Humongous has such a great following with their line of children 's software . How did this product ever get passed the testing group ? Perhaps a big company like Atari does n't have one ??? Hard to believe . -LRB- ... -RRB- I hate to see this series end . I wished I had read the reviews before I bought this . It 's so bad , Atari should have a recall .
 I really love all of Pajama Sam 's games , but this latest one from Atari really -LSB- is bad -RSB- ... `` Life is Rough When you lose your stuff '' explains the latest PC software . Pajama Sam lost his stuff when Atari took over . They made this one too fancy like the Atari Video game for TV , not computers . What ever happen to Infogrames ??? Check with someone who has this software before buying . Because you might not like this one . I did n't ...
 Like one other review of this game , I must say I am disappointed . I bought this game for my 6 year old nephew to play when he visited . He was so excited when we loaded it onto the computer . He was excited when the screen came on . Then he started playing the game . There were constant interruptions in gameplay no smoothness of movement between scenes as we have come to expect from the other Pajama Sam games . We adjusted the computer running speed to see if that would help , it did a little bit . However , when he completed it the first time , he decided to try it again . The only change in location of anything was the jar for the fireflies and the trading cards within the scene . No other changes were apparent . He gave up after two times and has not touched the game since . After purchasing this game , my nephew says that he `` likes the first ones better '' . We will be sticking with the first three games , thank you very much . Very disappointed in the game .
 I 'm disappointed with this fourth Pajama Sam . My six year old son and I loved the first three titles of Pajama Sam . So when he wanted the `` It 's Rough When You Lose Your Stuff '' one , I said , `` sure '' . There were no arguements from me , the previously satisfied customer.He wanted me to hurry up with my shopping , so he could get home and start playing the CD . I helped him install the game , and we sat back to enjoy our favorite animated character.The first thing I noticed was that Sam 's voice sounded different . Also , his mouth did not match with the dialogue . It looked like a Japanese karate movie that had been redubbed with English words . How could the producers have missed that?Secondly , the ESC keep did not work to help you zoom through the scenes on your way around the map to find the missing objects . -LRB- It does on the first three versions . Call me spoiled ? But why do away with a great feature ? Sam does a lot of running around -RRB- . So , we waited as he walked from this path to that path ... waited ... waited and waited ... Thirdly , the game lags ! I thought my new computer -LRB- purchased this year , mind you -RRB- was messing up . How could it lag ? This is not a multiplayer game on the internet for crying out loud . It 's as if the professional people turned this product over for elementary school children to produce . It 's that far down quality wise from the first three.I 'm disappointed and disgusted . I wish I had read the earlier Amazon reviews , but I TRUSTED the quality of Humongous Entertainment and did n't dream of reading the feedback . I learned my lesson . No more buying of any software without listening to those who 've already been suckered or thrilled.Listen -- if you want to buy quality fun games for your kids , go with Pajama Sam 1-3 . Leave number 4 in the store . Believe me , it 's Rough When You Lose Your Money.Thanks.PS . I did like one thing , the sock song . That 's it ... : -LRB-
 I waited a long time for whatever company now makes this line of software to continue where the other left off , but I was really disappointed with the product . It does not change every time it 's played , unlike the first three , but it claims to on the box . The biggest problem with this game is that it 's somehow been programmed in a different manner than the others . You have to install the game , which takes a long time , and it takes up a lot of hard drive space . -LRB- 550 MB -RRB- In the earlier games , you just put the CD in and played it . At first I thought this was because it was updated , which often slows down previously simple games , but the animation looked slightly worse , at least to me . I liked the old style , no matter how modern this one is . And the complication of this game only got worse as I played it - the transitions from one area to another take about five seconds , even on fast computers , and you ca n't skip through them easily as with other PJSam games . The plot and gameplay are okay , and the dialog is kind of humorous in some parts , but it 's really distracting to see the mouths move so off the audio track , which was not a problem before this game got all fancy . The puzzles are in some places strange and , I thought , harder to figure out than before , and it 's annoying to go back and forth now that it takes several minutes of frozen images to do so . There 's no help file to give you hints , either . The side game was to collect the trading cards lying around , but the music changes every time you pick one up , so you never really hear an entire song if you collect them . And if you get to the end of the game and have one or two missing , it 's nowhere near worth it to go back and get the few missing with all the time it takes . I miss Pamela Segall -LRB- Sam 's old voice , known for playing Spinelli in Recess -RRB- and Carrot was only in a cameo on a poster , breaking the tradition of having him in each game . The now abandoned spacebar feature was nice , too , because you could pause at anytime and quit quickly , which I almost wanted to do after sitting there and not accomplishing much for how long it took . I really liked Pajama Sam before this -LRB- I run groups.msn.com/theunofficialpajamasamfanpage -RRB- but I hope that they go back to the old way of making these , whatever it was , though it is n't at all likely . I would recommend the first games much more .
 I ordered this for my five year old against the advice of other reviewers . We have all of the other Fredddi Fish , Pajama Sam , Putt Putt and Spy Fox games and my son loves them all . I felt that I should keep his collection up to date , so ordered the new PJ Sam . It 's awful . Sam 's mouth does n't match the words , it takes far to long to get from location to location , and it took forever to load into the computer ! My nephew , who is eight , attempted to play this with my son because he loves to play my son 's games . Both got tired of it very quickly . Instead , we all played a game I had found in a store for $ 4.00 -LRB- Hokus Pokus Pink - a Pink Panther game -RRB- It was similar to the Humongous games and a lot of fun . I hope Atari makes some improvements and continues producing these games the way they were made before .
 My 5 year-old son absolutely loves the Pajama Sam series of games by `` Humongous Entertainment . '' He received this most recent -LRB- and much more expensive -RRB- Pajama Sam -- `` Life is Rough '' for Christmas . It is extremely poorly made compared to the previous versions of PJ Sam . This is also the first Pajama Sam I have seen made by Atari . The screens do not move smoothly , Pajama Sam 's voice is not in synch with the movements on the screen , and the general flow of the game is cheaply done . The makers of the first few Pajama Sams did some wonderful work - smooth scenes , cute characters etc. . . , and it is very clear that this latest version by Atari was made in a rush and the final product is clearly lacking as a result . If you are considering buying a great kid 's computer program , skip this one ... Try the `` Pajama Sam 2
 I DO NOT LIKE THIS GAME ! Anyways , when we got this -LRB- From the library -RRB- I thought I would like it , but , although I never came across his mouth moving at the wrong time , him freezing in the air , things like that , I HATE IT ! The carrot has become a silly poster in Sam 's room , breaking the tradtion of always haveing him there . It never changes , unlike the other games . I liked the sock musical , but it 's not a musical , just music . I also cried about it and yet insisted in hearing it five times , and now I 'm trying to make a musical out of it -LRB- That thorws on a star -RRB- ! I like the plot , but it ruins it when I remember it 's all just for a silly COMIC BOOK !!!!! I like Grandma whatever but I do n't like going to her place because of the mutant clothes . And I do n't like how the guy who runs the buldozer lets Sam run it WITH NO SUPERVISION ! -LRB- Sorry if I wrote it like , `` SUPER VISION '' like super heros use -RRB- I also did n't like the `` Debis Removele Game '' , because I could n't find any matches , so I just turned off the screen and the volume and waited , and when I turned them back on the pond was clear , even though I did n't do any thing ! I hate how his voice has changed too . Signed , RBW
 As other reviews mentioned , the game is choppy , the sound quality is terrible and it takes forever for the character to move from place to place . In addition , neither my child or I could find half the objects ! For instance , we found the jar to put the fireflies in but it said that there needed to be holes in the top first . But , there is nothing that is sharp that you can find to make the holes ! And , you ca n't get into the cave without the jar of fireflies . Very few places to visit in this game and hardly anything to do in most of the places . No hints about where to look for things or what parts are even needed ! Disappointed as the other Pajama Sam games were so easy . This is a child 's game ? I as an adult could n't find half the items , how is a child supposed to?Nancy Farkas
 Backyaard Football 2004 is way too inappropriate for da yunggunz . Other kids tackling other kids is not right for kids . My son bought this game and the next day he went to the principles ' office for tackling a preschooler and the kid went to the hospital and fractured is head bone . So as you can see , do n't buy this game for your kids . XOXOXOXOXO
 I am now writing this review because we bought this game at a book fair I hate to say almost 5 years ago or more . Why I still have it , not sure you know kids they want to keep everything . When trying to install it then , it installed but then said please insert original disk to play . Well we only had the one , what I felt was the original disk . If this was just the install disk then where is the one needed to play . I write this now because I tried installing it again after finding it . I still get this message . Not that it mattters now really my child is older and had gotten over it but we found the disk and tried to see could we get it to work this time . NOT !!! Now if I bought this product today would it work I ca n't tell you.I just know that I was unable to get this product to work .
 My 4 year-old daughter completed this game in less than a half-hour . The short-length of the game actually caused her too cry ! I was shocked at the lack of depth in the game given that it weighed in at over 250MB for the install.She 's crying as I type this . `` I do n't like this game ! ''
 I am StoryMaker . My sis Chocolate Dog got Dora Animal Adventures for her 7th birthday on July 14 from her grandparents -LRB- part the reason I through on that extra star for the overall rating ! -RRB- . It is not very fun . We are not preschoolers but I bet preschoolers would think the same ! The installation takes a long time when it loads the files even if you choose Minimum and the shortcut it makes says `` Play Animal Adventures '' instead of `` Dora Animal Adventures '' -LRB- we rename it though -RRB- and it is annoying because there is a JumpStart Animal Adventures too ! I do not like the Sign-In screen . You must press the arrow buttons to start a new game -LRB- scroll to blank field journal -RRB- or countine a game -LRB- scroll to used field journal -RRB- and of the paints to color your FJ there is no red and red is my favorite color so I must use pink and you can only put one animal sticker on your FJ -LRB- I need to choose ! -RRB- . Most of the places lead you to a boring game where you find the animals -LRB- whitch is too easy even on level 3 -RRB- and your cursor turns into a camera and you click it . Actullay , wherever you click it always takes a pic of the animal . All the animals do tricks when you find them , but the Anaconda Snake turns into a balloon animal ... does not teach how dangerous it is ! And it also dose n't tell any facts about animals . And in the move like the animals game you just choose whitch animal she acts like , not whitch way she goes . I could do it faster then it does in the game and when you get to the animal Dora is stupid enough not to pick it up before it jumps up and Boots the monkey says , `` Look how high the baby is ! '' and in the rapids game if you but into something nothing happens , you just stop and you can just click a million times and Dora will jump over everything . And , the rapids game is the most action-arcade-ish , and it can get boring ! And the feeding game badly teaches colors because Diego calls the light orenge leaves yellow leaves and the frog wants to eat bunches of grass and mangos ! But I like the `` Stunt Puppy Enertainment , Inc. '' thing at the start . Also , sometimes the screen turns white for a second . Let 's say Artari makes bad games , because they made a bad `` Pajama Sam 4
 Software is poor , tried on 3 different computers the cd wo n't run on any of them . Atari must know about the problem because the web site list what the computer does , but no solution to the problem . Its a waste of time and money .
 We are now on our 2nd disc and both did not work in my computer which is just a few years old . Never had a problem with any other software . Stay away from this game !!!
 I installed this computer on a Gateway 700S and it does n't work at all . I went to Atari 's technical support and followed the suggestions for updating video , sound , and DirectX , which did n't help at all . Now I have a game I ca n't return and ca n't play .
 My son is 31/2 and loves Dora , but this game was way too easy for him . Do n't believe the 3-5 yr age range . The games are pretty repetitive and not very challenging . There 's really not that much more to it than what you can get for free from the nickjr.com website.This would probably be better suited for a younger child with a shorter attention span . My son does play it , but we usually whip through all the games pretty quickly and he loses interest .
 We found this game would not play on my new dell computer and only played on my husband 's new alienware system with choppy sound and graphics - and he bought this computer specifically for gaming . So I think the software must be defective . We have backpack and lost city also - they play well and my son -LRB- 2.5 -RRB- likes them both , but i found that with lost city all the games were about numbers - ignoring other concepts like colors , letters and shapes . Try this software at your own risk , maybe they will fix the bugs . I found tech support to be a frustrating , time consuming experience with an automated system that was confusing and annoying . Good luck .
 What a mistake this puchase was . It brought down my system 4 times and when it did work it was as slow as dirt . I had to buy the CD to try to save some of the many hours I wasted the the zip disk . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT !
 Do not waste your time or money on this POC . Apparently Atari bought Humongous and then created this game as a follow on title to the popular -LRB- deservedly so -RRB- Putt-Putt series . There is NOTHING in this game that even remotely resembles the fun problem solving activities present in the earlier titles . Purely arcade type , and extremely boring at that . Stay Away !
 My children -LRB- 3 & 5 -RRB- are huge Putt-Putt fans . My older one has ` graduated ' to Putt-Putt Travels Through Time , the most challenging and imho , best designed of them all.Putt Putt
 Pep 's Birthday Surprise is a definite let-down from Putt-Putt Enters the Race ! The major flaw in the software is that the game is less open-ended and too full of animated scenes ... the charm of the Putt-Putt games is that kids are encouraged to use critical thinking skills and to figure out -LRB- sometimes obscure -RRB- problems . These features are curtailed in this particular game , as if the designers have lost faith in their audience 's ability to problem solve and to do multi-step reasoning ... A minor but disconcerting feature is that Putt-Putt 's voice has dropped in pitch , which will prove very distracting to Putt-Putt parent veterans !
 We had to install this on an XP account with privileges , and we still have no confidence it will not bomb . We gave up trying to install on Windows 2000 and 98 systems.It takes forever to get through the scene chat . Our children are really patient ; this is the first time we 've felt compelled to use the Enter key to end the character chats.The bonhomie is missing . Even down to the choice of Putt 's voice . Putt used to seem about 7 years old , and now he sounds like his voice is about to change.Putt used to be an innocent little guy , helpful and kind , but in this game , he must constantly get rid of Pep in order to discuss the party with co-conspirators . In most scenes , you must first click on Pep so that Putt-Putt can tell him to `` go play with your friend '' , out the door , unsupervised ... Better to buy `` Enters the Race '' first , then try `` Zoo '' , `` Circus '' , `` Moon '' , and `` Parade '' .
 My 3 year old son loved Putt-Putt enters the race , but I 'm disappointed with this game and Window 's XP . I had to install the game as Administrator , but my son 's account is set up as a limited user to keep him from deleting important data from the computer . The game does NOT work properly from limited accounts and I ca n't find a patch to fix it . So far it runs , but you ca n't save/load any games . A simple bug that should have been fixed in normal beta testing . Good ideas , neat pictures - bad programming.Update
 This game was unplayably slow on a computer that was adequatefor previous Humongous Software games.Humongous is clearly capable of making playable games , so theremust have been something different about his one.The alliance with Atari is new to me , as is their use ofBink Video and Miles Sound System from RAD Game Tools.Note that `` Pajama Sam
 My four year old and I played this , and neither one of us could wait for it to end . The game takes a long time to change from scene to scene , so much so that we thought that the computer had frozen . The game is not challenging , fun , or educational but is in fact very boring and basic . Definitely not what we have come to expect from Humongous Entertainment .
 I ca n't provide a thorough review of this product , because the first feature I tried to use did n't work . I have little patience for defective software these days , so after my first couple of attempts I gave up trying to use this product . I purchased the product so that I could edit video on a Windows 2000 workstation with Service Pack 4 . This configuration is allegedly supported . The first thing I tried to do was import a home video from a DVD . A capability allegedly provided by this product . Unfortunately , the application entitled Roxio Media Importer does n't see the DVD drives on my computer . interVideo WinDVD Creator had no problem importing from the DVD nor did the software that came with my video camera . I tried to find out if Roxio 's technical support could help , but the support section of their website does n't seem to think this product exists . The support section of their website includes an interesting feature called Ask RoxAnn . RoxAnn does n't know about this product either and also thinks that your browser does n't support session cookies . So she ca n't help . She does tell you how to configure your browser to support cookies , but unfortunately I was already using the recommended settings so at that point I decided there was nothing left to do except let other consumers know about my experience . Your results might be different .
 I bought a Canon DC40 digital camcorder . The software ca n't capture the video , a pop up message shows that I need to buy MyDVD 9 . So I bought one . It is not working at all in my computer . I contacted Roxio support on their website , the Live Chat does n't work , I could only open a ticket , leave a message . It takes 24 hours or longer to get the response . But I tried two solutions , they are not working . I opened the third ticket but did n't get any response in 10 days . I decided to return back to Amazon .
 This software is practically unusable because it is so slow , even on a 2.8 Ghz machine . I mean selecting an object and dragging it is a slow-motion process . Beyond that , they include only three menu backgrounds and charge you for more . The program is filled with bugs . Note that this is in no way related to Sonic MyDVD . The Roxio company apparently bought the name `` MyDVD '' and used it on this junkware . Oh , it is HUGE . It installs over 6 other programs that you did n't even know you were buying . Save your money and time , DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 I used to happily use MYDVD versions 5 and 6 but recently I purchased version 9 . It is a huge disappointment . The interface is completely non-intuitive , and it no longer uses standard Windows file open menus and list boxes . It is extremely slow and full of bugs . Worse , the MBA financial engineers at Roxio have removed features so that they can charge extra for them . After five hours of frustration I removed MYDVD 9 from my system . Technical support was non existent . This is the worst software I can remember using in more than 20 years .
 I had MyDVD 5.5 that came with my Dell and decided to upgrade to MyDVD 9 when I got my new Flip camcorder . I wanted to take the Flip camcorder files -LRB- AVI , video
 Takes forever to make a DVD . Crashes frequently or restarts at the beginning of the process for some unknown reason -LRB- s -RRB- . And then , if it ever finishes , the DVD may be unusable .
 First of all , this program does not work with any digital video camera that does not link to the computer via Firewire -LRB- USB connected cameras will not work at all -RRB- . I had to force my video files onto the computer manually because this software would not allow them to load from the camera directly . Finally , and worst of all , and this program creates a propriatory video file type called . DMSM -LRB- when in Video Wave 9 -RRB- that the program itself does not recognize when operating in its own `` Cine Magic '' mode.This is a piece of trash . Worthless . Do n't buy it .
 The main reason we bought this was so we could put our . mov movies -LRB- from Kodak Zi8 - who 's software , by the way , also does n't work - arcsoft media impression -RRB- on dvd . THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT CONVERT . MOV FILES PROPERLY - it takes the video , but not the sound ... so I get a fun looking DVD -LRB- with fun menus , etc. -RRB- for a bunch of movies without sound . Shame on ROXIO and shame on KODAK .
 Full of glitches , slow as molasses , and suffering from program bloat and creeping featurism . NFG !
 I found this product to be easy to install , but clumsy to use do to the continued reliance on both the CD and a set of applications installed by the product on my PC . I also found it to have limited applicability to my needs - it turned out to be oriented more toward basic conversational Dutch -LRB- the kind you might use standing outside a coffee shop in Amsterdam -RRB- rather than the words and phrasings that would be commonly found in business communications -LRB- which is what I was looking for -RRB- . Perhaps this comes up in later Levels of the product , but given the price I paid for Level 1 Dutch , I 'm not throwing good money after bad to find out .
 My parents got this for me after I met my Dutch boyfriend online . That was 8 years ago . I never made it all the way through this program.And here 's why : First , I got bored easily.Second , I got frustrated easily.And Third , It was teaching me words ... but not how to converse!I think this program IS a good way to learn vocabulary . It makes it difficult to forget what you learned , because you learn to associate words with pictures . The problem is , it 's not ALWYAS clear what the picture is trying to portray . For instance , De vrouw wijst . Well . . I finally gave up on that one and looked it up on an online translator . I did n't know whether it meant frowns or points ! She was doing both ! Turns out , it means points.The first few lessons only taught me what my Dutch speaking boyfriend already had . And when I wanted to get through the parts I already knew quickly , I got bored by the extremely repetitive content . It is certainly lacking in `` funnage . '' And if you ca n't enjoy what you 're learning , or get immediate satisfaction from it , it makes it hard to continue.My biggest problem with the course I discovered when I started learning Spanish . With my Spanish program , I was learning CONVERSATIONAL Spanish , so , with just a few lessons , I could speak whole sentences in Spanish ! -LRB- My Spanish program is an audio program , NOT Rosetta Stone . -RRB- But with the Rosetta Stone program , the only sentences I could say in Dutch were `` De blauwe auto is oud . '' Or `` De meisjes rennen de jongen achterna '' Not . . very . . conversational.I will say , that the few lessons I did do with this program have helped me to better read Dutch , but , as I 've said , I 've had personal help with that as well . So , all I really learned from it is some vocabulary , and maybe some Dutch grammar , but certainly not anything you could n't learn from simple immersion . I have not learned how to construct sentences or have personal conversations . All I could tell you about is the horse I saw jumping , or the man falling off of the horse.I 'm not sure how the astronauts on the Space Station learned Russian from this program , as the commercials imply . They must have had a lot of outside help . What good is talking about horses , and dogs , and old cars on the Space Station , anyway ? Could n't Rosetta have taught us a simple `` Hi , How are you ? My name is . . ? '' What it should have included is `` I do n't speak Dutch . ''
 I first learned the basics of the Hindi language fourty years ago . I thought this version would help deepen my understanding of the language . I found the pictures were western and the script was Devangari instead of western script . That made it difficult since I have really never learned the Devangari script and wanted to brush up on the language and do it quickly . I also found the level of the program was too simple . It did the present tense but nothing else . I needed to brush up on all tenses and this program was not for me .
 This method is not the best for me for language learning . I think it 's too indirect , inefficient and not completely clear . I would not buy another program .
 Hey there , Patriarch here . This is , obviously , a review of the Rosetta Stone Hindi program . Now your 's truly has been a fan of Bollywood movies for almost a year now , and when I get into something , I go in headfirst ! So why not learn some Hindi to enhance my enjoyment of the films . I 've been seeing quite a few commercials for Rosetta Stone software and they make it look like the holy grail of language courses . The course was expensive though , but I thought this over for almost a week now and I know I 'm ready to learn this language ! India here I come ! I also have considered the fact that learning this language will make visits to my doctor 100 % easier . Usually I have to transcribe what he says to me to English anyway , so this will remove one step and let me understand him directly . So I order the program and while I wait for it to come I kill some time watching films like
 This software uses an absurd approach . They play a long sentence for you and then do n't give you the phonetic pronunciation in English in writing . Instead they give you the pronunciation in devanigri -LRB- Hindi -RRB- script . This is completely useless for someone who ca n't read Hindi . And they do n't teach you the script either.Completely useless approach and frustrating for a newcomer . The Japanese version of Rosetta stone had English phonetics with the Japanese audio , and that was ten years ago . I do n't know why they did n't stick with that approach for Hindi . The only think I can think of is that they messed up when producing this software and were too cheap to correct the problem.I also own Japanese , Mandarin , and Spanish versions of Rosetta Stone , but I 'm about to switch to Total Immersion for my fiance because I 've had enough of this crap frustrating her .
 First , the biggest downside with the product is that you MUST use the language disk whenever you want to use the program . There is no way to copy lessons to the hard disk , and a copy protection scheme very effectively prevents you from creating a disk image for use with CD-ROM emulation software . So if you want to use it on an ultralight with no built-in optical drive , you have to connect an external drive.Beyond that , the system , even with the entry level course , provides no explanation or instruction . You start by matching pictures to phrases . I already know a bit of the language , so I could get through the first lesson by guessing the words I do n't already know . For a total beginner , however , this program would be completely useless .
 i give this software one star because who in the world speaks northen vietnamese in the United States that are predominantly Southern Vietnamese immigrants . sounds fatuous and who in their right mind will pay $ 171.60 for something that not useful for someone looking to speak southern vietnamese . seems like the prices has risen sharply since speak now ! has dissappeared . i ca n't believe with so much knowledge out there , there 's no software or book where i can learn the language i want to learn .
 The format for Rosetta Stone is that the software shows you a picture , a native speaker describes what 's going on , and you practice saying it . But there is no study guide or dictionary . So when they say `` The man is on the train '' you have no idea which word is `` man '' and which word is `` train '' , making it very difficult to learn the vocabulary or extrapolate from that image to other things you might want to say , like `` the man is on the plane '' . In addition , you are not learning how to have a conversation because you are not learning pronouns or how to address people . So , you will learn to say `` The man bought a train ticket '' but you wo n't learn how to say `` I would like to buy a train ticket '' or `` Here is my train ticket '' . And the lesson content was disappointing for me , there was very little that is practical for the traveler such as `` How much does this cost ? '' . But it did have a picture of a dog jumping over a fence . And somewhere half through the first disc it had a picture of a clown with red hair and a blue suit so that it could introduce colors . That was about where I lost interest . Beyond that , given that the images are central to this program 's learning style , I was surprised at their really low quality - I have seen sharper images from camera phones . This made it difficult at times to tell what is going on . Anyway , I went to Vietnam after this , had a great time , and I am going back again this year . I am actively searching for a different language program while my $ 200 worth of Rosetta software discs gathers dust .
 Please note ! This software teaches the northern Vietnamese dialect . Try talking to your Vietnamese friends in the U.S. -LRB- who are mostly from the south -RRB- and they will look at you funny.It becomes clear early on in the lessons ... . Yes is `` Vang '' northern dialect ... `` U '' southern dialect . And from there it goes down hill.If you plan to communicate with people from the north , you will be good to go . Otherwise , think long and hard before buying this program as you will spend some time `` unlearning '' some language concepts .
 I find this program to be very poor . The concept of looking at pictures and hearing the words is good but the choice of vocabulary is poor . Why do I need to know the word elephant as a beginner ? When I arrive in Egypt , I will want to say how are you , my name is etc. . I will not need to say , `` The girls jump '' . So far I -LRB- ana -RRB- has not been mentioned so I do n't know how to conjugate any verb with I. I do not recommend this product .
 I just subscribed to the online version -LRB- 9/9/2006 -RRB- to study Chinese and upgraded to the 9.x player , however running the app still consumes 100 % of the cpu on my Mac G4 laptop . This makes it pretty unusable . I have read many other complaints about this . I ca n't imagine why they wo n't address it.It 's hard to give it a full review with this problem . It does look interesting , although it 's very limited by the flash functionality . You ca n't resize the window , no cut & paste of text ... no way to look up a definition easily . I understand that they want more of an immersion style , but sometimes you still want to look up the precise definition of a word ... I would say that this software -LRB- at least the online version -RRB- is not ready for prime time.Pat
 I bought the Rosetta Stone program before I went to Thailand , and I guess I picked up a few basic words . I was , for example , pretty proficient at saying `` the boy is under the airplane '' -LRB- a phrase with which the course designers evidently had a troubling obsession as they tested me on it approximately 10 times per lesson -RRB- . Even the basic words , though , are in fact almost never used by Thai people , or at least that 's what my native Thai girlfriend tells me . For example , RS teaches you `` suneck '' for dog but the Thai always say `` maa , '' ; RS teaches `` chay chera '' for old man , but the Thai always say `` chay gaeao . `` And the grammar lessons are simply ridiculous -- there is no way to extract any real meaning from them because the verb phrases are not broken down into individual components . For example , they show a picture of two girls jumping and then a voice intones `` dekdekpooying gamlangcrohdhotganyu . '' So I think `` jumping '' is `` gamlangcrodhotganyu , '' which seems like a very long and very unmanageable verb , and I despair ; only later do I learn that `` crodhot '' is `` to jump '' and `` gamlang -LSB- verb -RSB- yu '' means to be doing it right now , and that `` gan '' is something you stick on a verb when more than one person are doing the action together . Oh ! Ok ! NOW I get it . But this was NEVER made clear in the program.One last comlpaint
 When I first used `` Rosetta Stone Thai , '' I was very disappointed . To quote another reviewer , `` $ 180.00 guessing game . '' But I gave it a chance on account of how expensive it is . I used it everyday for a week . That was enough for me . I put it away and did n't touch it again for another year and a half.The software basically tells you a phrase in Thai . It shows a selection of 4 pictures . One of which , the phrase is describing . You have to pick the right picture . There are several variations of this game on the software -- plus it has writing exercises and a voice recognition application . If this does not sound fun or -LRB- more importantly -RRB- if you think this is not a way for you to learn Thai effectively , do n't throw your money away on this software.I give `` Rosetta Stone Thai Level 1 '' two stars because after I had learned some Thai -LRB- by using another method -RRB- , I could use this software to quiz myself on uncommon phrases ... such as , `` The boy is under the plane . `` I have said some foul things about this software . BUT ! This program is fairly effective for intermediate learners . This is decent supplementary program especially for reading Thai . Learners can read a phrase then hear the phrase spoken by a native Thai speaker to see if they read it correctly . For the most part , the phrases used in this software are not useful in everyday conversation . Yet , the phrases are uncommon enough that it may help a learner comprehend Thai better . Even when the phrase uses familiar vocabulary , it could help with listening comprehension because the words combinations may be different from what the student is accustom to.If `` Rosetta Stone Thai '' cost $ 20 or less , this would not be a bad program .
 I have lived in Thailand for a year and a half now -LRB- Peace Corps -RRB- and speak a decent level of Thai . I seem to be understood fairly well in Central Thailand but I have difficulties in my assigned region in Isaan -LRB- mostly because they make little effort to listen to someone who is obviously not a native speaker . They prefer I eat my som tam and tell them it is arroy or sap u -RRB- . They do this with me when I speak Isaan as well which I have also learned quite a bit of . Anyone can get the amusing chuckle by learning a few Isaan phrases but their eyes tend to glaze over when I speak more in depth.I picked this up hoping it would help with my speaking abilities . The system that monitors your voice seems to operate at random . I tested this out with my tutor and he thought I did better when I was in the red areas than in the green.I am glad that I did not have this program when I first started out as I would have thought there was something wrong with me and not this program . While I still have a lot to learn I will not be doing it with this program .0 Almost every volunteer that has tried to use this program walked away from it after 1 or 2 lessons . This is not a good way to learn Thai . For beginners use Pimsleur Thai Comprehensive -LRB- not the ten lesson one -RRB- combined with Poomsan Becker 's beginner Thai book with CDs -LRB- sold separately -RRB- . If you want to understand the grammar use the one by Higbie.Good luck with this tough -LRB- for westerners anyway -RRB- language . By the way , why is the previous reviewer reviewing a product by admission they have never used ? Studying Thai and studying Spanish are nothing alike -LRB- I have studied both thoroughly -RRB- . After 5 weeks in Spanish class in Guatemala I felt very comfortable speaking in almost any situation . After over 11/2 years I still have lots of limitations . Thai is a tonal language and is completely different that western languages . Please stick to reviewing products you have actually used and can constructively help people with their purchases .
 I was highly disappointed in this course , after having read all of the hype . It consists of auditory word recognition , using photos , but has no English -LRB- in my case -RRB- translation to clarify some of the meanings . It has `` word construction '' lessons , but it gives you no clue about what letters of the alphabet have what sounds , etc. . There is a lesson book that is written all in Thai , but no English guide to help you learn the meaning of what you are reading . It 's a loser , if you ask me . Sure , you can learn the words of common things like man , woman , boy , girl , cat , dog , etc. , but you will never learn to converse with this course . Buy Pimsleur , if you want to learn to actually talk in another language .
 I bought both the Thai and Indonesian versions at the same time . Each came with their own separate application cd you could install on your computer , along with another cd with the actual language course . Well , since they were different versions , Rosetta Stone makes it immposible to install both application cd 's on the same computer . In a nutshell , they expect you to install and use only one at a time . If you want to switch to another language , you have to uninstall the previous one first and then install and run the other . It 's also very cumbersome and confusing since they do n't label which application cd goes with the different language cd 's . For $ 600 USD , you 'd expect them to work at the same time -LRB- Why does it demand 2 separate cd 's for each course anyway ? It 's not too big for one disc -RRB- . Anyway , to add insult to injury , I called Rosetta Stone early in the morning for support and was told there were 4 people ahead of me and to leave my phone number for a call back as soon as it was my turn . 48 hrs later , they have never called me back . Think twice about shelling out $ 295 USD to a company that does n't care if it 's product works or whether or not the customer is supported . `` Talk now '' cd 's are decent and only set you back $ 40 USD .
 I have been learning the Thai language for just over 6 months now . I started off with websites , learning basic things about the language and a few phrases . Then I got this course hoping to become proficient in the language . Unfortunately I discovered that it 's largely useless for the following reasons :1 -RRB- It has automated exercises , but does n't highlight the words as they are being said . If you have no idea of how the Thai alphabet works , the writing on the pictures is almost useless .2 -RRB- Thai uses various tone marks and modifiers which are critical in Thai speech . The font used in the program is so poor that you ca n't make these special characters out .3 -RRB- Like other Rosetta Stone products it allows you to go through typing exercises . That DOES break everything down into word clusters . The pitfall of this is that you only have the options to `` drag and drop '' entire words . This means you really do n't learn how to type the words including the special tone marks and modifiers . This could be improved by offering both modes as an option . It also could make use of an onscreen keyboard since most people do n't have a Thai keyboard .4 -RRB- Now that I have many Thai friends that I communicate with , I have quickly found out that almost all the phrases are completely useless . They are full of redundancies and poor word choice .5 -RRB- There is no option to slow down the speech of the previews of each slide . This means that as the phrases become more complex , you have even more trouble identifying the nuances of the sounds . Add to this that it 's not clear how many words are being spoken because each word is n't clearly identified in some way as it 's being spoken . Thai uses no spaces -LRB- or ALMOST none -RRB- , but a way to highlight individual words as they are spoken would clear much of this up .6 -RRB- You will at least get an idea of what Thai sounds like , but for that you are better off with a combination Improving Your Thai Pronunciation , Thai For Beginners , Thai for Beginners Audio CD , and some Thai music/videos .7 -RRB- Making use of all the exercises would take far longer than suggested by Rosetta Stone advertising . In addition , any suggestion that this would be highly sought after by professional linguists or spooks is absurd.To learn basic phrases that are useful , you need a good book like Thai for Beginner 's . It teaches tones , but only `` in theory '' so you will need to obtain the companion CD for this book . Also a copy of Improving Your Thai Pronunciation will be good - it 's not extensive , but learning the sounds will help you a lot . To learn the Thai language you are best served by a high quality academic dictionary which can be aided by an online dictionary . You also will need a way to learn the grammar . There are redundancy problems with these as well , but the approach is more scientific and you can learn better variations as you make more Thai friends . You must also be selective about the online sites you use because you may pick up many bad habits and a good deal of inaccurate information . Most importantly you must put your knowledge to the test by making some Thai friends online or in real life -LRB- best option -RRB- . Oh , for those of us not lucky enough to have a Thai keyboard , there are free onscreen keyboard programs available for download with no strings attached.Overall I would say that the price vs. the quality is very poor . However , buying this program was a stepping stone and good lesson about what not to do . From now on I will carefully read reviews of language products , using reputable sources , and avoid poor quality products -LRB- hopefully -RRB- .
 There are many different ideas on the best way for adults to learn a foreign language . Much depends on the student , their goals , and their self-discipline . Dealing with a tonal language , like Thai , or a language with a different type of script , also like Thai , the student need make some big decisions about how they want to learn , and how much.I learned Spanish as an adult . I am now fluent at a professional/business level.I learned to read Thai . I can write some , but my vocabulary is very small . 90 % of my Thai came from taking private one-on-one classes while living in Thailand for 6 months.I studied some Tagalog , some Korean , and some Thai using Rosetta Stone.If you just want to learn some Thai to get around as a tourist , you probably want to use Romanized phonetics . Learning the script is not really worth your time . An immersion product , like Rosetta Stone , is probably not as useful because much of the vocabulary and context is not related to what you will want to know -LRB- do you really need to say the boy is under the soccer ball ? -RRB- . If you want to seriously learn the language to be able to carry on casual or business conversations , commit early and realize there is far more work.For me , I first needed to learn the alphabet . You CAN NOT consistently pronounce Thai correctly using Romanized phonetics . T one rules are only consistent in Thai script . Among other challenges , the Romanization is wildly inconsistent . You learn it one way , and then another source using different phonetics mires you in confusion . The same is probably also true of Korean , as it is also a phonetic language . Learning Chinese will likely be different.Second , I realized for me , I need to take notes . As adults we want to take notes to help remember key points . If you take the notes in English , you are handicapping yourself . Learn the alphabet and take notes in Thai . Again , I think this is true for phonetic languages like Korean , or even Hirigana and Katakana for Japanese . I doubt this is viable for Chinese.Third , again for me , I knew learning translation would create a permanent handicap . Early on , translation is easier , later on translation must be unlearned as it stilts actual conversation and thinking . You just ca n't translate fast enough . Even now , being fluent in Spanish , translating gives me a headache and frustrates me . I either have a conversation in Spanish , thinking in Spanish , or I have a conversation in English thinking in English . If I know a word in one language and not the other , my whole train of thought is derailed . Avoiding learning translation is where Rosetta Stone shines.I like the idea of Rosetta Stone . If you are disciplined and do the lessons , you will expand your spoken vocabulary rapidly . You will remember what you learn . I doubt it will do much for reading and writing with non-Roman scripts . Like any learning tool , disciplined study will yield results.Rosetta Stone is very expensive . Competing products like L-Lingo or products using different methods like Pimsleur , TellMeMore.com , Assimil , or Fluenz -LRB- supposedly the best , but only in a few languages -RRB- are a fraction of the cost of Rosetta Stone . Many of the different methods will work better for some people than others . Assimil is translation based . Pimsleur is hard to describe , but has a very good fluency success rate -LRB- supposedly -RRB- . Look up Fluenz also , as the method and reviews suggest it is very effective in the few languages they offer.Besides cost , what is the other drawback to Rosetta Stone?The drawbacks are legion.Version 2 is good . Version 2 is how Rosetta Stone grew into a powerhouse . Version 3 is a refinement of version 2 with improved continuity , a smoother interface , better quizzes , and the ability to get rid of the stupid `` must have CD with you at all times '' limitation.The real problem is Rosetta Stone dropped support for version 2 . Even though they were selling version 2 from their own website in 2012 , they dropped support . Mac users are especially impacted as Mac OSX Lion will no longer run PPC apps , and Rosetta Stone never ported the Version 2 application to Intel . So , if you bought version 2 in 2012 to use on a Mac , you were ripped off by Rosetta Stone . Join the crowd.Windows users should not be too smug about the situation , as the end of Version 2 support means your product will have all sorts of issues too , unless you downgrade to WinXP.Version 3 -LRB- never made for Thai -RRB- does run on current platforms , and is at least somewhat supported -LRB- to the extent Rosetta Stone supports any product -RRB- . Given so many users prefer version 3 to version 4 though , do n't be surprised if they pull a Microsoft and force you to their new product nobody wants.Total 4e -LRB- not an option for Thai -RRB- , is a horrible retrograde of Rosetta Stone . The pinnacle is by far version 3 . To be fair , if you are always connected -- literally 100 % of the time -- and live your life via social media , Total 4e might be effective . Do n't expect to use the highly touted iOS apps on your iPhone or iPad though unless you are connected either . The whole idea of quickly practicing while in line or waiting in an office ... yeah , that does n't conform to the Rosetta Stone licensing model.Speaking of which , Rosetta Stone now has two components and two licensing models . There is the online social media part , and the software application . The first is now on a subscription basis . You pay for every month you learn . You can still use the app on your computer , but you just paid a premium for online access you are n't using . Therein lies the reason so many people look at Total 4e and then try to find version 3 before supplies run out.How about another suggestion?Try L-Lingo . L-Lingo uses a substantially identical learning model as Rosetta Stone . The interface actually has more features than Rosetta Stone and you can customize the interface to use Roman phonetics or native script . They have a Thai program . They have iPad and iPhone/IPod Touch iOS apps which you can use on a plane or anywhere else , with or without Internet access . Best of all , all of their programs together -LRB- Win or Mac desktop , iPad , iPhone/iPod Touch -RRB- for Thai are less than half the cost of Rosetta Stone Level I Thai.L-Lingo specializes in Asian languages . They are probably a superior option to Rosetta Stone Total 4e for most users . L-Lingo offers a free trial for their desktop application , and also for their iOS applicastions for some languages.There are other good options listed above , particularly Fluenz and Pimsleur . Be sure to check them out before buying anything made by Rosetta Stone .
 I bought both the Thai and Indonesian versions at the same time . Each came with their own separate application cd you could install on your computer , along with another cd with the actual language course . Well , since they were different versions , Rosetta Stone makes it immposible to install both application cd 's on the same computer . In a nutshell , they expect you to install and use only one at a time . If you want to switch to another language , you have to uninstall the previous one first and then install and run the other . It 's also very cumbersome and confusing since they do n't label which application cd goes with the different language cd 's . For $ 600 USD , you 'd expect them to work at the same time -LRB- Why does it demand 2 separate cd 's for each course anyway ? It 's not too big for one disc -RRB- . Anyway , to add insult to injury , I called Rosetta Stone early in the morning for support and was told there were 4 people ahead of me and to leave my phone number for a call back as soon as it was my turn . 48 hrs later , they have never called me back . Think twice about shelling out $ 295 USD to a company that does n't care if it 's product works or whether or not the customer is supported . `` Talk now '' cd 's are decent and only set you back $ 40 USD .
 Two main flaws which caused me to return the product :1 -RRB- Interface is shoddy at best . I was never able to start a drill lesson in the middle by skipping pages . If I returned to a prior lesson , I had to click on answers in order to advance , instead of being able to move forward as the interface supposedly should work .2 -RRB- Much more importantly , there were grammar mistakes in the product . My wife is native Korean . During the first lesson , the product tries to teach you the words/concept of `` above '' and `` underneath '' . My wife and 4 of her friends who are also native Koreans all listened to the drill and they all said that the phraseology would never ever be spoken by a Korean . They said that the phrasehology was actually incorrect.Other than that , while I echo the other comments about the navigation being unclear , I did think that the drills would help one learn vocabulary words .
 This program completely lacks a structured approach to learning the Hangul alphabet and completely lacks the ability to teach ANY Hangul using the keyboard . Some of their other programs have this ability , but not the Korean one.Also , the teaching approach is completely by example using photos with no explanation of sentence structure , culture , etc. . If you wanted to use it and repeat the lessons over and over and over you could probably learn the material , but the overall interface on the thing is lacking .
 If you are trying to learn Korean , or any language for that matter I do not recommend using Rosetta Stone.First , you learn some worthless vocabulary that is n't going to help you right away . Do you want to learn how to say running , skipping , red car , blue car , boy on top of table , boy under the table ? Not to mention some of the pictures are ambiguous and you are never told what is EXACTLY happening in the picture.Second , you are never told how to read Hangeul -LRB- Korean alphabet -RRB- . The Korean letters are there , but you are never told how to pronounce each letter and irregular pronounciation i.e. when certain letters are in the badchim position . If you do n't know how any of the letters are pronounced , then it just looks like you are staring at a bunch of symbols that have no significant meaning.Third , they do not teach you how to use proper Korean grammar.Fourth , the speech part was not accurate . You can have a native speaker pronounce the words and still get a bad rating sometimes -LRB- I 've tried this -RRB- . If you want to click away on pictures for an hour , then this is for you . If not and you want to seriously learn Korean I suggest :1 -RRB- Study abroad . The best way to learn Korean is to go to Korea itself and practice everyday .2 -RRB- Take a university class.If the two above are n't a realistic option for you , I suggest `` Survival Korean '' by Stephen Revere . This book will help you learn Hangeul , increase your vocabulary and help with grammar . `` Speaking Korean '' by Francis Park is also a good book . It 'll give you good practice exercises and has good grammar explanations . I 'd start with Survival Korean then move onto `` Speaking Korean `` Do not fall for this overpriced product who tries to use it 's supposed reputation for sales .
 This was the MOST useless product I have ever used in my life . I 've been studying the Korean language for almost 4 years now but had absolutely no clue what was going on with this software ! I ca n't imagine anyone being able to gain or further language skills with this ... I ca n't believe that any company would claim such a shoddy product or have the gumption to charge -LSB- amount -RSB- for it . Run away from this software as fast as you can . ...
 Before you pay a bundle for this product , check your local library . My library cooperative , in Hillsborough County , Florida , owns a licence for the whole shebang , every language and every level . Maybe yours does too
 I was not happy with this product . I have been trying to learn QB and based on the reviews it looked like something for a beginner . But it is blurry and speeds you through the process . It does not explain WHY you can or can not do things . It is all over the place , seemingly without any order . There is no way to slow it down unless you keep pausing and going back in which case it still speeds you through the screens . The voice is very mono tone . They use abbreviations that are hard to follow and do not remind you of what they are . I would not reccomend this to anyone who is a beginner . Make sure you have a general understanding of the program . This is more of an intermediate review program , it is not easy and NOT interactive except that every once in a while you get to click the NEXT button .
 I ordered this hoping for some guidance in setting up and using Quickbooks ; since it is similar to - but not as good as - Quickbooks own tutorial , I should have saved my money .
 This product does not work ! Have to contact vendor for tech support . Do not buy !
 Downloaded the trial version and installed it on a high-end ACER Core-2-Quad , 4 gigs RAM , 512MB video card , etc. . I have lots of software installed and this is the first program , on this computer , that failed to work properly.After installation and dumping my photo files into it , it never could do all the thumbnails for my photos , maybe 70 % of them , the rest never filled-in . Then while trying to simply execute a thumbnail , the entire program froze.Restarted computer , same problem again . I uninstalled it immediately . I would n't even consider using this program if it were `` Freeware . '' And it ai n't Freeware!Another winner from Microsoft ! Highly recommend that you do not even waste your time downloading the trial version . Look at Adobe Lightroom .
 I purchased iView MediaPro 3 from Amazon and found the first shipment had been opened , and probably used . . I called to report this and Amazon said to return it.I sent it back to find the next shipment to be also previously opened.I finally gave up and just used the software anyway.I does Not work in Intel based Macs.It does work on my old G4 .
 This was a great product until MS bought the company and started writing code for it . Now it crashes and freezes up . Finally i took it off of my computer as it messed that up . I switched to Adobe Lightroom .
 I am not happy with this software . For no reason I can understand it will duplicate a line on the document so that you have two identical lines of the document right under each other . Also it will duplicate part of the top of the document at the bottom . This only seems to happen when you create multi page PDF files . This makes it virtually unusable for me . The features though look great .
 I recently upgraded to XP Pro . My trusty Acrobat 4.0 was no longer compatible with my OS . I purchased Acrobat Professional 8 because I wanted continued access to the `` forms function . '' What was a functional , intuitive product has become a product that only a computer science major could love.Thus far I have found :1 -RRB- When I open a document with form fields already embedded , I find I can not access a view where I can edit the form fields , e.g. , expand the size of the field or insert a new one . This was trivial in Acrobat 4.2 -RRB- I tried downloading part of a website as an Acrobat document . Access to the website required entry of simple password for all users . The download died on this page . I 've not had time to try to explore why , but this , too , was trivial in Acrobat 4 . Perhaps it is a DRM issue?I hate to be a Luddite , but sometimes ` simple is beautiful . ` Making space for my Win98/Acrobat 4 machine is not an option . Too often recently created Acrobat documents are unreadable with this officially abandoned software combination .
 Please see reviews of the previous version 7.0 . The Adobe activation process can cause a lot of continuing problems for legitimate users of this software . Too bad such good software is hampered by such a process . Being in the software business , I do n't mind companies worrying about piracy and taking some measures but this is a bit too much . You might need to allow the software to access the internet regularly to keep your activation -LRB- and not bother you with notices of reactivation -RRB- but that also means you open it for Adobe to do their push marketing into their software . I have used Adobe products for over 15 years and have always liked them . Too bad , they have lost the customer focus in their rage for software piracy and greed for intrusive marketing .
 This is the worst software application that I have ever purchased . It takes an average of three seconds to page up or down and an average of one second per line when scrolling through a document . It is this slow regardless of the size of the document . It is not my computer , because version 7.0 worked perfectly . My computer has a 2.6 GHz processor and 1Gbyte of memory . Do n't believe their marketing propaganda which claims that they have improved the operating speed over the 7.0 version . Some are blaming the performance problems on their licensing processes that are constantly running in the background . If you do n't need the added features in this product stick with the free PDF readers that are available on the Internet such as Foxit .
 I installed Adobe 8.0 at the request of a client in order to view secure docments on-line . Two serious problems were caused by this
 Adobe has a habit of making sure their new products break their old ones , thus forcing you to upgrade . Try editing a pdf in Acrobat Professional v5 .0 Seems to work ... but you ca n't print it from any of the newer versions of the reader . Oops . And did you ever have the pdf writer ? If so , you may have noticed that a fairly recent upgrade of the Reader disabled your installation of the writer . Hmmm ... now why would that happen ? Time to upgrade , I guess.Do yourself a favor and find an alternative solution . Adobe wants more wallet share , and they 're willing to do whatever it takes to get it .
 My advice would be to not go to 8.0 as it is slower than anything I can ever remember . For a software so many people rely on you would think they would have noticed performance issues in development . The problem does not lie within my computer , I hear it from other people that have upgraded to 8.0 as well . I called Adobe about and they know of the slowness issue but for new users they will not give you a key to revert back to 7.0 . If you can get 7.0 stick with it until they release an update . Adobe blew it big time with this one . I hope they release a fix soon .
 The product is pretty good IF you can get it to run on your vista machine . Just hope you dont have to talk with support , they will try to give you trial and error `` solutions '' and then get off the phone not even knowing if it works . I have now called back 4 times and have waited 30 minutes each with no resolution.Acrobat + vista = sucks !
 Buyer beware ! As Adobe and Microsoft wage WAR with each other regarding the Portable Document Format , the customer is at risk ! In some cases , depending on the build , acrobat 8 will not even install properly on a Vista Machine . Both Adobe and Microsoft are aware of the problem , can not fix it , and blame each other.Perhaps the Vista service pack will fix this issue , otherwise , install it on an XP machine !
 I use window vista and office 2007 . The adobe 8 standard can be upgraded to 8.10 in order to create a PDF from office 2007 . However I found that it is so unstable I can not use it every time . PDF is super but Adobe is not as good as its product.Office 2007 has a add in program to create PDFs but this program does not work well especially when I produce figures and save in word 2007 . It case super problem when I convert the word file to PDF . So I wish Microsoft can do something for it .
 The new version of Acrobat Standard 8.0 has several issues . Currently working as an IT Manager for our construction management company and all of our users who have installed this version are having issues with fatal errors and with the program simply terminating in the middle of tasks involving Microsoft Projects . I would not recommend this product if you are creating pdf 's from Microsoft Projects .
 Like many other Amazon customers , I too have had serious difficulty with Adobe Acrobat conflicting with other programs . In fact I phoned Adobe 's corporate office seeking help in rectifying the issue only to be told that they we 're unaware of Acrobat causing any issues with other software . Well , clearly this was a disingenuous response . Based on the sheer number of similar posts here , how could they not know about this problem?In Adobe 's case , bigger does n't mean better . But you certainly get what you pay for ... a lot of headaches for the money . Until the powers that be at Adobe are willing to acknowledge the conflict issue , I strongly suggest you purchase another PDF creation tool .
 the first reason why we bought this program is to basically make pdfs ! It works fine after you install the product but after a week or something I could not make a pdf on a word document anymore . I had to reinstall everything for it to work . then after a week it would not create the pdfs again . I wish I bought the 7 instead
 I 've used the past few versions of Acrobat and this one is a disappointment . Navigation is a pain . Instead of the familiar window and arrows at the bottom of a page Adobe 's engineers have moved navigation to the top of the page and have only a single arrow.The whole look and feel is most unMac-like , more like a windows application . I suppose if I wanted to take the time and energy to study the user manual I would find the application friendlier but I do n't expect to have to re-learn to use an application when I upgrade . If you 're thinking of upgrading , my advice is do n't .
 Worked fine with Windows XP , but when I installed on Win 7 and Word 2003 , RM internet pubmed searches became problematic . Sometimes RM will do them but sometimes they crash the program . Same thing happens in different Windows compatibility settings and with XP virtual machine . A workaround is to use import txt on RM file menu , PubMed.cap filter , then export citation from pubmed itself as citation.nbib file and save in my documents ; RM can directly import this file .
 If you 're looking for friendly telephone support people who will try their best to help you , but are willing to end up with nothing to show for your efforts , PC Sync may be for you . Otherwise , you 'd be just as well off trying to transfer data using a couple of paper cups and a piece of string.Installation is complicated and not at all well-documented . PC Sync requires special drivers to be installed , whether you use USB -LRB- but not on Win 95 , they wo n't work there -RRB- or serial cable hookup . Dead-ends abound as installation crawls forward . Calls to customer support -LRB- toll calls only -RRB- will connect you with friendly people who are willing to help but acknowledge that there are `` issues '' with PC Sync installation . If you are used to using LapLink software -LRB- which has a well-deserved good reputation ever since DOS days -RRB- , you 'll find PC Sync a whole new -LRB- and terrible -RRB- experience!It 's been three weeks since I downloaded PC Sync from the LapLink website . Two weeks since tech support sent a set of cables , a week and a half since tech support noted that , well , USB cables do n't work with Win 95 ; guess the promo does n't mention that , and then sent the whole CD-ROM package , free of charge , and nearly one week since the last tech support guy said that LapLink Gold -LRB- which costs lots more -RRB- would install easily without cable drivers , and I have yet to transfer one bit of data.I 'm uninstalling PC Sync today , and packing it all the free stuff I received in this wasted attempt to install this complex and poorly-finished software . Save yourself this hassle while there 's still time ! Do n't buy PC Sync until the company finishes inventing it .
 I spent many hours trying to get this to work , but was not successful . I tried all the fixes available on their web site , including downloading a free version upgrade -LRB- v1 .5 -RRB- . Still no success.I have been a LapLink user for many years , but that product has grown so much with features that I do n't need -LRB- and grown in price -RRB- , that I had decided to stick with the old version.When PCsync came along I jumped at the opportunity for the faster USB transfers . . but it is not to be . I 'm back in the old version , which remains virtually flawless.I have to say , the company responded to my e-mail enquiries and the product has an excellent satisfaction guaranteed policy
 I would consider an alternate product , I am sorry to say . I got this product from Amazon.com , and , although I have not tried to return it yet , only hope I can if I am under 30 days -LRB- wish me luck < g > -RRB- . How did I reach this point ? I was enticed by how easy and useful it was to sync my Handspring Visor with the computer . I bought it hoping my laptop and my desktop would become the best of friends . I installed it on one computer with WindowsME and AOL5 .0 , and it was easy . I attempted to install it on another desktop with Windows98and AOL6 .0 , and although the installation was easy , it always created GPFs when I tried to run PCSync . In consultation with customer support , I 've installed this -LRB- with their ministrations and suggestions -RRB- a lot of times now -LRB- more than 10 -RRB- , and still have yet to get it to work one the Windows 98 computer.Customer service was notable for the following
 First of all , there 's a PCsync 2.0 which Amazon does n't offer at this time . Secondly , if you 're looking for a product to move files from an old to new computer as I was looking to do , do n't bother with this product . Spend your money on a Zip drive or use your CD burner drive to transfer files . The only useful help documents are on the website , there are no manuals and the CD-based help files are of the generic `` make sure your computer is on '' variety . The USB drivers are installed , the program displays them , but ca n't connect them -- aaargh !
 After 2 nights of attempting to get this product to work , I finally attempted to call customer support . I used the online chat feature with a support technician . Instead of giving me the information that I needed , they sent me on a wild goose chase , hunting down tech note after tech note . While I like the idea of online chatting with a support rep , this was far from helpful . One of the most important steps in setting up the connection is to make sure that once you have installed the product on both PC 's , you must then share the files . I was never able to find this in the Quick Guide . This should be the first thing that the online support should tell you and not send you chasing after technotes . I was never able to get the transfer working with the USB port , so I had to use the serial port . The program initially indicated that the total transfer would take a little over 3 hours . The time would slowly decrease , only to increase again . The total time indicated never went over 31/2 hours . However , the total time that it took to transfer about 750 mg was just under 24 hours . Would I use this again ? Only because there really is no other choice when you are trying to move files from one PC to another . I just think that this product could be great , but it has a long way to go .
 I recently purchased PCSync 2.0 . In order to get the software running , it necesitated several calls to LapLink 's technical support line . In each case , their representatives were surly and discourteous . When I contacted the manager of technical support , I was told that they would no longer assist me . At that moment it became very clear where the A-OK for the technical support department 's behavior stemmed from . In order to run the product takes an extensive amount of reading through manuals and help files . All-in-all PCSync is far too difficult to operate and their technical support problems are insurmountable . Seekers of file transfer software would be better advised to look at another product .
 granted this item costs $ 20.00 ... but if you are looking for good greeting card software ... look else where ... . i should have gone to Hallmark and bought 4 cards for $ 20 ... at least i would have got quality .
 I have just spent an hour trying to customize a certificate from one of their templates . No success ! This product is not at all intuitive ; the Help is not helpful ; there is no tutorial ; there 's no explanation of what 's on the 8 CR-ROMs included . A waste of time and money .
 Be aware , we bought this game from a major local store and it would not load . We then exchanged it for a new one and that one would not load either ! We searched THQ 's website for patches and requested email and followed all of their advice , but have not been able to get this thing to work . We should n't really give it any stars because we have no idea what the game is like !
 I also puchased Hot Wheels Bash Arena and after many failed attempts to load it , I finally gave up and bought Hot Wheels Velocity X.
 Same as the others ... Waste of money and major disappointment . Wo n't work , even with compatibility issues fixed . Ca n't tell if this is actually a defective game or just a bad game . Son is very disappointed and I feel like I just wasted -LSB- ... -RSB- for a piece of junk . Tried to call THQ 's number and was on hold for an hour and a half . Would not recommend this to anyone .
 We also have problems getting this game to run on an XP machine . It just gives us a black screen on our machine . THQ was not helpful at all in trying to solve the problem , other than to send us an email to update our drivers -LRB- which did n't help -RRB- . On a friend 's XP machine it works just fine and the kids love to play it . The cars are hard to maneuver but the kids like the different arenas and secret places that unlock other arenas.I would n't recommend the game , based on the technical problems - we 've also had problems with Velocity X , but not the older Hot Wheels games like Stunt track Drive 1 and 2 .
 Family Atlas works very well in pulling in the information from a genealogy program . It is an excellent resource for verifying place names and recognizes obsolete place names , giving the current name as well . This feature was especially useful to me , as many of my ancestors lived in towns in areas of Europe that have changed countries . The main product is a world map , however , you can zoom in on a section of the map to produce a map of that portion of the world . The map you produce can be exported to a word processing program , so you can insert the map into your family history story .
 Purchased program at full cost . Identified flaw and after trying to correct it myself , I called technical support . They acknowledged that the bug that I identified -LRB- Not able to use numbers -RRB- had been identified as a problem on some other discs . Instead of sending me a debugged disc , they wasted hours making me retrain another user x2 . they were supposed to have me send files so that they could analyze them , the files were never sent . Program often crashes computer . Instead of trying to help technical support was wasting hours of my time trying to figure out the bugs , I am very angry about their rudeness and insensitivity . I still have not had the problem resolved and have lost countless hours of productivity .
 Organizing my research files which were typed into multiple MSWord docs over the years was THE ONLY REASON I wanted 10.4 . Now I find that `` Spotlight '' is choosey about which Word files it indexes -- apparently . I did all the required tests ; I opened docs , found odd words or names , and then Spotlighted them . At first it seemed promising . Many docs were indexed until I noticed that many older ones still in earlier versions of Word were not . I updated them to Word X and that seemed to work . But , I found , it DID NOT work for all updated Word files . Now I am not sure what IS and IS NOT indexed . Other docs including Pagemaker and Freehand also have this problem -- this is hardly what Mac advertised Spotlight to be . I just bought an engine-less car !
 This operating system is great , but the features that make OS X great were already there . I rushed out to get this upgrade from Apple the day it was released and have been very disappointed.Don ' t get me wrong , this is a great piece of software , but after the long upgrade process , I feel like I got the great things about my Mac back.Spotlight seems interesting , but does seem super useful just yet . The gadgets look very cool , but are only things that look very cool.I suggest waiting a while to upgrade . You do n't get iLife and there is nothing that huge in it like the upgrade to Jaguar . Sorry
 Although Tiger has many great features that other reviews have addressed , beware of a couple of things . The most glaring is one Apple should have found prior to release and involves the Pages program in iWork . Export to PDF worked flawlessly with Panther , but since installing Tiger , it 's hard to know what my Pages-to-PDF will look like . Sometimes , there , is , a , comma , after , every , word , like , in , this , sentence -LRB- annoying , is n't it ? -RRB- . Other times the export drops shadows from graphics . Forrest Gump said , `` Life is like a box of chocolates . You never know what you will get . '' Dear old Forrest could just as easily been talking about Page 's export capabilities with Tiger.A second problem may not bother everyone , but for those who use -LRB- or used prior to Tiger -RRB- HP 's 6840 wireless printer , Tiger will leave it installed but inoperable . Even reinstalling has n't helped , and Apple 's tech support was not able to resolve the issue -LRB- or the one with Pages -RRB- . If dashboard widgets and quick searching are more important to you than wireless printing and dependable exporting , Tiger will serve you well . Otherwise , stick with Panther . And by the way , if you do n't like Tiger after installing it , tech support informed me that I could easily switch back to Panther if I 'm willing to wipe out all my files in the process . There 's no refund , but what price can you put on Apple 's help in wiping your computer clean of any work you may have done prior to the reinstall ? Apple beat Microsoft 's Longhorn OS to the market by a mile , but perhaps waiting until the bugs were worked out would have been a smarter move .
 Upgrade to Mac / Tiger and you have to buy the DVD to do so . But , if you only have a CD - R or CD - RW , then you have the ` privilege ' of spending even more dosh to get a CD version from Apple.Is it just me or is this not quite right eh !! Perhaps when I have eventually installed the CD version , I shall be rating this higher .
 Amazon will happily sell you the new version of Norton AV for $ 65 ; there is no new version of Virex yet , and Symantec will NOT issue a new working version of Norton Utilities.Safari 2.0 crashes twice a day for me.Today I go back to my backup 10.3.9
 I feel like a second-class citizen in field of second-class citizen . I have n't upgraded my computer in a little over 3 years . I just have a CD-ROM device , so now I have to shell out $ 10 more for shipping and handling . If you buy the DVD online from Apple , shipping is free . Is this how Herr Apple treats loyal customers who are so satisfied with their machines , they did n't see a need to constantly upgrade ? You do n't have a choice . You have to buy the DVD first to get the CDs . The box only mentions the DVD in the contents section . If you only look at the Requirements section , it says all you need is a G3 , G4 , or G5 computer . I do n't think it mentions memory , built-in FireWire , or a DVD player . I 'm sort of old-fashioned ; I think that English should be used correctly . `` Requirements '' means `` what is needed '' . It did n't say , `` And other stuff mentioned online only after we received complaints . '' Oh I love the part about not installing virus protection on an internet intensive machine . Good work guys , and only six months late too !
 Simply put
 Mac has made it unreasonably difficult to get Tiger on a CD . Specifically , you would have to send the DVD back -LRB- and pay extra -RRB- to get the CD , even if you bought a multiple-computer package . Furthermore , they put a deadline of July 9 , 2005 , on the exchange program , so I 'd be out of luck even if we were willing to surrender our DVD . So now all the people around me with slightly newer Macs are talking about how Tiger has gotten rid of the same problems that are hindering my work - and I 'm stuck with the old system .
 It 's my fault . I should have known that buying this particular Macintosh OSX system for my Mac Pro computer was not going to work . This is n't the fault of the seller . I got the product in good shape and sooner than I thought . Now I need to find a buyer for it who can use it . It is a good product - just not proper for my computer .
 I 'm a longtime Mac user and this is by far the most annoying ` upgrade ' . Spotlight alone makes me so angry I want to scream * & ^ % $ !!! If you 're working in a production environment and have to switch a number of drives back and forth you 'll not be happy with this horrible software automatically trying to index the volumes ... and there 's no way to turn it off !!!! Spotlight also lacks some of the functionally of the previous find . As for being faster , I 'm not seeing it . After Effects , Photoshop , Illustrator , BBEdit all run slower ... much slower . Widgets ... annoying bs to eat up cycles , but at least you can turn them off . On the up side Xcode is running better -LRB- thank you -RRB- . Also there is now a halfway decent dictionary application.Over all , two steps forward and three back .
 I am SO thankful I had a complete external backup and it was disconnected from my Mac when I installed ` theTiger ' . I did a regular upgrade installation , and it worked fine for several hours . Gave me a chance to play with all the new features , and I did find a bit of a performance speed enhancement . Then I reinstalled my virus software , and Tiger had an allergic reaction . A glitch in my email port progressed over a period of hours into a complete cascade failure of all applications and utilities . Screaming progressed to sobbing and throwing up . I tried reinstalling Tiger , but no go . When I finally got through to the helpful Mac customer support people ... and they are truly helpful ... they walked me through the process of disentangling myself from the mauling Tiger . They admitted the help line was receiving thousands of calls from people with similar problems ; virus software was supposed to be compatible with Tiger , but it is n't -LRB- that includes Virex and Norton Anti-Virus -RRB- . The Mac help desk says they 're recommending a complete disk wipe over regular installation for this version ... and do n't use virus software ! They quickly mailed me a new DVD for free , just in case the one I had gotten had a corrupted file that was causing problems . I do n't dare reinstall it . It took me four days -LRB- and nearly 40 hours of frantic work -RRB- to get my system back to the place it was at 10 days ago . I do give the Mac Customer Service people 5 big stars , but I 'm waiting for 10.4.1 .
 I 've seen a few reviews in here complaining about the CD/DVD issue , and may I just say , I feel your pain . I ordered my `` Family Pack '' sometime ago and never once did I see a reference to the DVD requirement . Even the OS X box failed to include that in its list of requirements.Obviously , Apple has heard from the consumers because there 's a mention of the DVD requirement everywhere now , and they are offering an `` Exchange '' service for all those people who are left holding a useless DVD . Just fill out the form , pay Apple an additional $ 9.95 plus tax , and mail the DVD back to them , then wait for two weeks and you 'll get your CD.Kudos to Amazon for adding the -LSB- DVD -RSB- to the system 's name . But this is a marketing blunder that Apple should work to resolve fairly . If they are marketing a product to be used on a wide range of computer models , including those that do n't have DVD drives , then they should at least provide a choice when ordering the product , rather than expecting the non-DVD users to have to mail everything back for the CD . That 's NUTS!The one star rating is a result of the hassle this has caused , rather than a judgement on the software . I 'm sure the system is great . I 've been a Mac user since the Mac Plus , and rarely have I been disappointed with the systems . But I 'll have to wait for several more weeks to find out about this one .
 I thought it was a new big update , like from OS 9 to OS 10 , but It 's not really something that is worth the money . Sorry.It has some fun features but if you are a professional it 's not a must . I can see that the widgets are fun , and the automate is , well it 's there . Nothing I really ca n't live with out .
 If you make a living with your Mac , then this upgrade is not necessary . Widgets and Spotlight offer nothing to the experienced user . It is very likely there are a number of new handy features that are useful for professionals but there is no way to know because the upgrade does not ship with any useful documentation.If you use your Mac to surf the net and generally play around you will find this upgrade a fun new addition to your computer experience.Regardless of the decision you make you will eventually be required to upgrade your OS due to compatibility issues -LRB- old operation systems will eventually slow you down -RRB- .
 I upgraded from OS 10.2.8 and found the process miserable and extremely time-consuming . Due to some OS X10 .4 Tiger incompatibility the new software could not be installed without doing an erase and install which is a a royal , data losing , full tilt reinstall of every application pain . Now with Tiger installed I ca n't use my SCSI port -LRB- which was installed by Apple when I bought my computer -RRB- without the system crashing -LRB- another incompatibility Apple hides from users -RRB- . Even with hours of technical support I 've found the upgrade installation to be a buggy , constantly crashing and uncertain process . Tiger seems particularly crash prone working in the Classic environment -LRB- 9.2.2 -RRB- O.K. , so now there 's on screen widgets which seem like a gimmick to me . And a fancy finder function called Spotlight . Big deal . A month ago my computer was working fine . Now I 'm on eggshells wondering what will go wrong next regreting I made this software upgrade.I really feel stung .
 I upgrade from 10.2.8 . 10.4 takes longer to load and crashes a lot-about 15 times in the week i 've had it . 10.2 never crashed . If I wanted an OS to do that I would have bought a Widows POC
 I had two new fully operational G5 computers with Panther operating system already factory installed . I was contacted by Apple that a new Operating system was available , faster , yada yada yada.I took the two computers into the store and purchased the new operating system Tiger.The software proceeded to completely destroy both hard drives on both computers.I returned them and told them I wanted my mony back . They refused since the software was oipened but agreed to replace the corrupted software and install it for free.The computers never worked right since.We were forced to continue working with these crippled computers as we have deadlines to meet . It was a nightmareas it took four times the normal time to do the work because of crashes etc. . We were already out a week with down time due to their negligence.When the smoke cleared we took them back in and asked them to take the operating system Tiger out and replace the computers with the original operating system . Another four hours standing in line.We got them back to the office and low and behold they still did not work . We took them back again and were told by a snotty tech that we had dust in the computer as if that 's what the cause has been all along . He told us never to come in with dust in the computer again even though the dust was in areas that we are not allowed into without breaking the warranty.If this were the case why has n't it been a problem for the past 12 years ? and what am I supposed to do ? only use the computer in an operating room ? The dust he displayed was extremely minimal the computer was only six months old and if it were such a problem why did n't the other four techs working on the computers notice it and clean it the first four times they had it on their bench?Bottom line . . I 'm tired of buying new programs and computers that do n't work . Tired of standing in line for hours . Tired of companies not having a complaint line . How handy is that ? No wonder they keep saying your the first one that 's had a problem with this . That 's literally impossible since I work in the entertainment indusrty that deals with editing and service bureaus that operate 100s of computers . They all are avoiding Tiger because of known problems as well . Apple is not addressing this and hundreds if not thousands of businesses are losing valuble production time due to their negligence . Instead of trying to develope a way for my daughter to dock her I-pod to a bowling ball , they should concentrate on making operating systems work in their computers.Total time lost in our company is at least a week which is in dollars around 20,000.00 . I ca n't imagine how much is being lost nation wide . Something needs to be done about this . They need to be held accountable for the destruction they cause by distributing faulty product.To add salt to the wound they keep coming up with all these stupid ideas on why the computers are not running right after they destroyed them initially . There comes a time that if they ca n't fix them , they need to replace them and stop wasting the consumers time and costing them money . We need a lemon law that applies to computers . Then the manufacturers will make sure they function before they are sold . I know I ca n't get the money my business had lost back but I want them held accoutable for distribution of a faulty op and replace the computers they ca n't fix instead of sending me back to the office with inoperable computers .
 Since installing -LRB- and I kinda know what I 'm doing but am not about to spend all weekend ` cloning ' my existing system etc -RRB- I have found myself staring mostly at the beachball of death , spinning happily while I spit nails . Oh , and did I mention the scary number of forced restarts ? This makes Windows look like Limos!Things that quite randomly quit -LRB- so far -RRB-
 This update is not worth the price or the headaches . I just bought a laptop with Tiger and a Canon 20D camera after being told by both companies that would be the best solution for my needs . After receiving both items I was told by both companies that they changed the OS to make it where it is incompatible with the camera . It seems as though Apple wanted you to have to use their Iphoto so the only way to get your images off your camera is to use a program that is inferior to the programs that come with the camera . Neither Apple nor Canon were able to give any answers as to when/if this will be fixed . So as of now , i can not download my RAW files from my camera nor can I use any of the great Canon software that comes with the camera -- even though it states on Canon 's website that the software is compatible with the computers OS . Do n't use MAC and do n't use Canon -- they are too big now and do n't care about their loyal customers anymore . Go with HP -- Dell -- Toshiba for laptops and hardware -- go with Nikon or Fuji for a digital SLR -- hav n't heard any problems with those companies as of yet . Apple has bad batteries , bad compatibility issues and a sleugh of other problems .
 I have been using Macintosh since 1988 . Tiger 10.4 is not recommended.I installed the product.Most of the features work . Most.Safari 2.0 did not work on my computer . I am not alone in this . I checked with Macfixit and other websites.Before you install Tiger , back up your old OS . Recommended.Safari 2.0 . In case Safari 2.0 does not work do this .1 . Make a back up copy of Safari 1.2.42 . Rename the product Safari 124 as indicated in Macfixit .3 . After installation of Tiger , check out Safari first .4 . If Safari 2.0 does not work , take the copy of Safari 124 and install on the dock .5 . That will work .6 . Notify Apple that Safari 2.0 crashed on your computer.From what I have read Safari 2.0 does not crash on every computer.Possibly the product needs an upgrade , or a bug fix.All the other features in Tiger worked.Office 2004 for Macintosh also worked , including Entourage the mail service.However if you are not using Entourage , test the Apple Mail feature as well to determine that the filters are working.Another problem I found out , the HELP feature did not work on my computer.It comes up blank . However it just came on , after 3 hours . Very strange.Recommended after installing read Custom Install in case you have to reinstall a product.Hopefully Apple will come out with fixes for the product so that it works on everyone 's computer .
 The box was empty , not what I paid for so I returned it . How could anyone send an empty box . That 's wrong ! Bad business !
 Purchased Dragon NaturallySpeaking 7 -LRB- retail $ 200 -RRB- because it `` works with Excel . `` First thing you notice is that , when filling-in the registration form , the highest year available in the drop-down list is 2002 . Evidently , 2002 is -LRB- was -RRB- when the World would cease to exist . You ca n't enter 2003 . -LRB- Does this mean your new software is outside the support window the moment you purchase it ??? -RRB- The manual lists commands which can be used in Excel . It SAYS you can just say `` move to D 30 '' and NS7 will move to your cell . NOT ! It SAYS you can say `` compute < formula > End Formula , and gives an example like `` compute 2 times 5 end formula . '' NOT ! It knows NOTIHNG about Named Ranges.Their web site indicates it may be impossible to select a range of cells in Excel . I found it possible if you say it like `` select cell h17 to cell a4 . '' Also contrary to their online comments , I can select an entire row or column by saying `` select row 4 '' or `` select column h. `` It will do simple things like `` Total Column , '' but trying to enter a formula like '' = sum -LRB- yearly -RRB- '' would be done faster using the tip of your nose against the keypad ... with your eyes closed!In Microsoft Word , NS 7 shines . It 's very easy to dictate , and gives most things right . I used Dragon NaturallySpeaking to dictate this review . Most commands are intuitive , and with a little practice easily mastered.The interface to Internet Explorer is actually quite fun to use . Although , I had a bit of problem typing the addresses into the address bar ... NS 7 points to uppercase things it should n't , and getting the `` dot com '' can be a pain , as it wants to put the word `` come . `` It 's a fun toy , if you like expensive toys . For those with severe physical limitations , it 's much better than using your nose . As a serious tool for the normal user , it 's not ready for Prime Time .
 I bought this a few years ago because i used an earlier version & had liked it a lot , but I found this difficult to use because it has something like 6 CD 's that you have to insert in order to find clipart images . A real pain ! I think I tried to use it maybe 3 or 4 times before I got totally fed up with all the disc changes .
 BE CAREFUL - If you buy this version of Symantec Antivirus for Handhelds - IT WILL NOT WORK WITH MICROSOFT MOBILE 2005 . Supposedly Symantec Antivirus for Handhelds . Version 3.5 will work with Mobile 2005 .
 I bought this to protect my new Dell Axim , a replacement for my Palm Tungsten E -LRB- and a step up -RRB- . The Axim is wireless enabled so I wanted to protect it . When I tried to install it , I ran into major issues . It automatically wanted to install to the Palm -LRB- seeing the Palm Desktop software -RRB- . There was NO way to override it or choose which device to which it should install . I contacted Customer Service -LRB- an issue in itself -RRB- via phone and email . Emailed response told me to uninstall my Palm software . How stupid ! I have no intention of uninstalling the Palm just yet . Meanwhile , trying to PHONE Customer Service was a joke . I tried a few times , once spending over 60 minutes on hold , another over 90 minutes , with no human contact . I have a business to run , not plenty of time to waste ! Maybe it works great , but the complications of trying to install prevented me from ever finding out . Amazon was terrific and let me return the product !
 It 's a good product from Garmin . But Amazon False advertized this product on their site for a third party company . These data cards are not an SD , they are just labeled data cards per garmins marketing . SD was added to the ad to make the consumer think it 's a SD card which is not . SO BE CARFUL WHEN ORDERING ! The SD cards are in a mirco format with an standard SD adaptor to fit many Garmins GPS units on the market.So all in all I returned the item and ordered thru another company .
 With that title , you would expect me to say I hate Poser 5 , I do n't . I love it . Parts of it . I have a very very beefy machine and I expect 5 to crash at least once a day , with the patches.Here is my advice , if you are not an animator -- animation has too many problems to even consider justifying a purchase -- and you have a processor over 1Gig and memory over 512RAM , preferably 1 Gig , then you problems with Poser 5 will be minimal and about what one would expect from Poser 4 . The Poser line is noted for bugs and crashes , but many 3d programs costing much more are.Have patience , working , posing , moving between libraries , and especially rendering is slow , quite slow . It is good quality , which is why I actually like Poser 5 , the new renderer has raytracing , depth cuing , remarkable detail and depth that Poser has never had before . However , even with a beefy computer , you will find it difficult to render large scenes , or even scenes with more than 2 people and props.Don ' t bother looking for good books to teach you Poser 5 , there are none . Good Luck .
 If you 're trying to work with decent-sized props , backgrounds , etc , you 're going to be fighting with this software all the way . Really frustrating . The non-intuitive interface is bad enough , but the insanely long renders for the average machine -LRB- 1 gig processor here -RRB- make this impossible to use . If you need humans in your renderings , make the human in poser -- nowhere else to do so , thus we 're stuck with it -- and then export as an object file and open in Bryce . Bryce annihilates poser in the rendering and working with objects area . This software is a big letdown -- ca n't wait till someone else comes up with a human-modeling program so I can put this in the garbage where it belongs .
 Poser 5 comes with an activation system -LRB- like Win XP -RRB- that prevents you from using it on more than one PC . Even with this security , they REFUSE to let you run more than one instance of the product on the same PC . It still checks the network to see if you 're running an illegal copy of poser 5 . So much for the activation feature.The new render system is 250 % slower than Poser 4 render engine . So if you want to render a movie or large file , you 'll have to wait a long long time -LRB- hours or days -RRB- before you can do anything else . So if you have to render 10 pictures or movies , you have to wait until each is fully rendered slowly one by one before you go on to the next . I am simply not kidding ! I have a few choice words to say but I do n't think I can stoop to that level.There 's no network rendering support . If you own Poser 4 , Curious labs will NOT permit you to run it as a back up , so plainly in this age of mulitasking ... you can FORGET IT . No cheating is allowed . You can only work on one thing at a time . So poser 5 is the most expensive and time consuming product todate
 To anyone interested in this type of program , the best advice I can give is stay away from Poser 5 . Get Poser 4 and the Pro Pack instead.Reason ? Poser 5 * is * Poser 4 ... with some bad , sloppy programming thrown on top -LRB- known as `` new features . '' -RRB- The package is built on the original code from the 1999 Poser 4 . Even the old bugs are still there . But without the `` new features , '' Poser 4 is much more stable , can run on lower-end machines , and is ten times faster in everything it does.The new features in Poser 5 I mention are the Hair , Cloth , and Material Rooms , each room allowing you to design your own hair , etc. . They sound very nice but the problem is they do n't often work . They crash even the best high-end computers , they even lock up the program when clicking from one room to another . And even when they * do * work , they are so slooooow they are virtually useless . And if you 're new to Poser , you 're at least a year away from doing any of this yourself anyway . There is plenty of free hair and clothes available on the net for Poser 4 . The Poser 5 patches have been mentioned . Yes , they appear to have fixed * some * stability problems , but not nearly all or even most . Even if Egisys eventually does fix all the stability issues , the clutziness and slowness of the program will always be there . This is because the core code dates back to 1999 ... a dinosaur in the computer world . It 's not written to take advantage of * any * hardware improvements since that year . -LRB- Again , Poser 4 is faster because it does n't have the added weight of the buggy , sloppily-coded , `` new features . '' -RRB- Again , my advice
 I 'm very surprised by the relatively good reviews here . Poser 5 is the buggiest and most unstable software I own or have owned in recent years . Add to that a fairly complete lack of user support on the part of Creative Labs . Okay , 5 is fairly capable , I admit , but unless you 're one of the lucky ones with just the right system -LRB- based on user comments on renderosity , some do , but nobody seems to be able to figure out what just the right system is -RRB- , it will take the patience of Job to do very much with this . Most experienced users of Poser tell me version 4 is better for most purposes , and far more stable . I could n't count the number of times I 've heard those who own both 4 and 5 say they hardly ever use 5 at all .
 While I think it has great potential , it seems to have a few bugs that potentially stop it from being useable . I gave this as a gift , and the owner has had his hard drive crash -LRB- including a new one he installed after the first crash -RRB- . I should note both hard drives crashed after the installation of Poser 5 and the upgrade on their website.I have emailed Curious Labs several times for customer support -LRB- as has the gift recipient -RRB- , but have recieved absolutely NO response . Three weeks is a more than adequate time to wait for a response . There is also no technical support phoneline , which there should be.My main problem with this company is not the product at this point , but the lack of service -LRB- or even acknowledgement of customers -RRB- on behalf of Curious Labs . I am curious to know if anyone has ever recieved any sort of follow up by this company . I wo n't be buying any future products from this company .
 Poser does one thing very well
 Yes , the interface looks cute - more like a video game than a 3d graphics workspace , really . And then you try to use it and soon enough you start to wonder whether you 're running some freebie test version of a new piece of software rather than a fairly expensive high profile application , complete with flashy marketing and predatory lawyers . Crashes are random and frequent . Compatibility problems abound , both with third-party content as with previous versions of Poser itself . Do n't be surprised if you import a figure from Poser 's own standard library and the program starts issuing warnings as soon as you attempt to edit it . No , your eyes are not deceiving you
 First off , I do wan na say that there are things about this version that are far better , but not much . My first complaint is the interface , you would think after a while they would scrap the `` Pretty '' Interface for something more functional . It is cluttered and sloppy . Second , the system requirements for this are WAY off . I am running a pentium 2.4 ghz machine with 1gig of memory , geforce 4 card , and 120gb hard drive , and this program crawls at best . And every now and then , my computer just ca n't take any more , and shuts it down . With no warning . The character modeling may be better , but it is not for beginners whatsoever . So if you are not familier with Poser or any other 3d modeling programs , you best avoid this and start out easy with something like truespace or Vue D'esprit . My advice is to anyone wanting to get thier hands on this , wait until Curious Labs decides to let people try out a demo , if I had had the chance to try a demo , I would not have paid money on this.I have been working in 3d design for years , and am a registered 3d studio max user , I have also used programs such as Maya and Softimage in different studios I have worked for . My advice to Curious labs ? Release a different edition of this software , with a less graphical interface and more functionality and optimization.This program has the potential to be AMAZING , if you have the patience and have never heard the word `` Deadline '' in your life ...
 Some of the writers here may me shocked , but Poser 5 is the reason , why Curious Labs is now a sinking ship ! This software is full of bugs and the render times are much too long . Two companies now show a reaction and publish their own software
 Bought Poser 5 , got it , no serial number inside . The area in the CD packet where the serial is suppose to be , is blank . The person responsible for putting in the serial numbers on the assembly line must have been asleep . Sent an email to Curious Labs , no reply yet . Ca n't even look at the program without providing a serial number . Ca n't return the item either as the CD packet is open now because that 's where the Serial Number is suppose to be at . Money down the drain so far and not very happy at the moment .
 I 've always loved artwork and doing artwork and over the years I 've become more and more interested in digital art and 3D art and programs of that nature . I would have given this product a better rating if it had not been for the poor quality in user manuals , lack of any really good tutorials , missing documentation -LRB- that by they way are NOT all supplied by download at curiouslabs.com download site -RRB- , the fact that I had to download a patch from the very beginning -LRB- after all this time that the product has been out you would think that they would have patched the program discs and content discs so that you did n't have to wonder if previous patches were accounted for in the latest patch or not -RRB- The program seems to hold a lot of potentential but if your just beginning to learn to use 3D programs , trust me this one is not at all easy to learn to use and not only that it appears to require the use of other expensive 3D and paint programs in order to get any satisfaction out of it.The referance manual that comes with the program is poor at best . It comes across as being nothing more than an introduction to the features of the program but offers little to nothing in help in learning how to use the features to produce even the most basic creation . I 've scoured the web for tutorials and keep running across the same problem . The best tutorials all require other very expensive programs for prework and post work.This is not good news for someone on a limited buget to spend on 3D software . Unless you already have or can afford programming like Lightwave , Deep UV , Maya , 3D stuido Max , corel painter 6 or 8 , Vue , other plug-in programs for poser and more likely than not a combination of more than one , You are most likely to be disappointed in this programming.I was especially disappointed in the lack of control in the hair and cloth rooms . Sure they have lots of dials and settings to be set , and you will be working with vectors . But lets say you want to create a finger wave on your model . It certainly wont work in the hair room no mater how much you bend , move or curl the hair . why ? because you only have control over the end of the hair not the middle section . This makes doing hair work in the hair room very tedious . There are ofcourse other ways to make hair but if you do n't know of these other ways you ' r going to spend hours searching for a tutorial just like I am and still have yet to find one that will work with the other programming I acually could afford and have available to me.The cloth room is yet another confusing area for me at least . mind you that if your familar with these rooms and know how to use them you probably will have little problems but if not ... It 's a hair pulling experiance . I 've read various tutorials including the user manual and still have no clue how the heck I 'm supposed to produce even the simplest no frills dress , gown , shirt or what ever . I read one Tutorial that said you may want to pre Drape your cloth before heading to the cloth room but they failed to explain how you would go about doing this.The setup room on the other hand was nice in that you could add flexability to object files that you export/import so that you can turn them into figures/models clothing items made in the program or with third party programming that is rigid and unflexable can be made flexable in this room and then conformed to your model in the pose room . I still have some difficulties with this though because if you do not group them just right you will end up with broken cloth items that come appart when you bend and pose them . But if you have a clothing item already made the cloth room does help in frame by frame posing to help the cloth move in a more flexable appearing way.Content that was supposed to appear on the content CD is missing even after all this time also . There is a download from the curiouslabs.com download site however who wants to pay this and still have to download what you were supposed to have gotten with it . Not to mention that but even after downloading this content not all of it is there either.Online manual available at curiouslabs is the same one word for word image for image as the one that comes with the program.The Tutorials that are currently available online at curiouslabs provide little insite.And the product recommended system requirments seem to be a little less than what the program truely needs to run effectively but it will run on the recommended . I just dont understand why rendering uses 100 % of a 1.8 G processor if it is n't supposed to need that much.others who have experiance with other poser products or other 3D programs may find this product useful , but beginners will most likely like myself find this to be a hair pulling experiance .
 Poser 5 has real potential and from what I know is the only human render there is out there . For my project I needed human figures , and had Poser 5 had a Demo of its ' abilities I would have opted to create cartoon characters . Poser 5 has too much bleed through except for standard poses that are not moved , move it and it bleeds some where . I spent a day trying to get the woman 's boot to Conform to any thing , the best I got was for it to conform with the toes hanging out.It renders good images if you can afford days to get it right by reloading the base image over and over . Do n't look to the manual for help it has so many `` Please see page XXX '' that it is next to impossible to retain a thread of thought .
 I was very excited about Poser 5 . It has many updated features and tools . I think the new render engine quality is incredible . However , expect to pay a high price in waiting . For me , it was too slow and I could n't do anything else nor could I work on other models while the rendering was in progress . You 'll be dying for a 4GHz PC for xmas.I fooled around with the material room which is like nothing out there , so that 's a big plus . I tried the hair room , but I was unable to get it to work even after several attempts . The cloth room also failed to produce any clothes so I guess I 'll have to stick with my old collection for now . I wanted to try the face room but I did n't have any photo available.During the course -LRB- I was using XP pro -RRB- Poser 5 crashed several times and I lost all my good efforts ... so remember to save often . At one time , XP crashed and my XP has never crashed -LRB- so far that was -RRB- . As for models , there are a lot of free stuff , but I notice that most of it comes from Poser 4 and the Pro Pak - so if you have these products , your not getting much new.Also , I found it very difficult to work with more than one model -LRB- people -RRB- in the same window - as they often interfered with each other or got selected in error or got posed in the wrong way . There is no undo history as in photoshop , so if you make mistakes , do n't expect you can go back and fix them . Poser 5 does n't allow you to open more windows - so I have to work with one model at a time which is time consuming . I expected much better than this.My best option was to hide models . But not only do you have to hide the model , but also the clothes , shoes , etc which is time consuming , especially if you have more than one people in a scene.Sometimes I try to hide one model and when I unhide it , parts of the model are missing -LRB- invisible -RRB- . I unselect the Invisible Property for the model , but nothing happens . I have to start the model again from scratch.I also have tons of 3d models which I accumulated over the years , which gets to be a mess -LRB- missing , wrong textures , etc -RRB- . Poser 5 did nothing to auto install these or fine tune -LRB- manage -RRB- my massive inventory . The auto install feature is only if you use their content service . I was really upset about this because I feel they falsely advertised Poser 5 's ability to automatically install 3d objects . This was one of the main reason I purchased Poser 5 - so it could clean up the thousands of poser files on my hard drive . No such luck.Overall , I like Poser , but maybe not at a price ... So here are my Cons : Poser 5 crashes at times or freezes.Only one window is available - I found it difficult to work with more than one model per window.Poser 5 does n't find and install your models - you must buy models through their service.The render system is very , very slow - No multi-tasking is available.No network or batch rendering is available.The hair room does n't workThe cloth room did n't work.Here are my pros : Render system is fantasic.I like the material room much.And everything works pretty much as it does with Poser 4 pro.I understand there are two updates available to fix problems associated with Poser 5 and that some files were missing , so I will check these out at a later time.I would highly recommend Poser 5 but ONLY IF they improved it ; however , we may have to wait on Poser 8 .
 this program is too hard to figure out , the instructions are complicated . NOT for the average person just wanting to play around .
 I have been using Poser since Poser 2 . I use it in conjunction with other computer graphics software such as TrueSpace , Rhino , Cinema 4d , Vue d'Esprit , Photoshop and Paintshop . I point this out so that you will understand why I do not accept the stand that the problems with Poser 5 are due to `` user error '' or `` lack of experience . '' The problems with Poser 5 are so deep and so numerous that Curious Labs has had to resort to public beta testing AFTER the product has been released ! Pardon me , but it has always been my understanding that beta testing was done BEFORE a product was released and that beta testing was not expected to be done by the people who bought the software!One buys software to do the job the product is advertised and promoted as being able to do . Simply put , in my opinion , Poser 5 does not perform anywhere near as advertised or promoted . C exception errors , freezes , lockups , uninitiated reboots and BSODs are just a few of the ongoing problems that make the promised Dynamic Cloth and Hair rooms unusable on a reliable and stable basis . Add to that the fact that I have set scenes Poser 5 refuses to even open that Poser 4 breezes through . Someday , after the dozens and dozens of reported and confirmed bugs are finally ironed out , Poser 5 may live up to its hype , but right now it does not even come close . I have been fighting and wrestling with Poser 5 since approximately mid-September . I have downloaded and installed 6 of their 7 patches since then . Yes , 7 patches . They are now on Service Release 2-Beta 6 . Be ready because the patches have been huge in size . I have not tried their latest patch since it was posted the day before the long Thanksgiving Day holiday and I am still reviewing the initial reports of new problems this patch seems to have created . Most likely , I will be removing this program from my computer since , in its present state , it is worthless to me . I could not , in good conscience , advise anyone to buy Poser 5 at this time.If I could give Poser 5 zero stars I would.Be forewarned , the PR damage and spin control appears to be in full swing .
 This product is impossible to use . It crashes constantly and many of the new features , like hair and cloth , either do n't work or ca n't be rendered even on high end machines.To make all of this worse , there is a `` Poser 5 is amazing '' review that was clearly written by someone at Poser 5 's company . I find that to be one of the lowest and most deceptive practices out there . -LRB- Read the review and see what YOU think - this is the only person on earth not to encounter stability issues ? -RRB- Avoid Poser 5 at all costs ! Run for the hills ! Save your pennies and get something worthwhile like Maya
 I went out , and got myself a 2.53 GHz machine with a gig of DDR memory , more than enough to handle Poser 5 , and all its patches , right?Think again , parameter dials go out when they feel like it , when trying to adjust body parts , and you will not be able to re-adjust your model even after saving your work . And nobody is lying when they say parts of the program do n't work . The face room does n't work , cloth I wo n't even try , and the hair room works only if you are using to apply gravity effects to pre existing hair.I 'm hoping whoever buys the Curious Labs will have the programming ability and integrity to fix the program , and to sack the people who mostly sold a bill of goods to the public . I think perhaps instead I should have invested in a more reliable program from a more reliable outfit.If you already have the pro pack , you do not need to buy the only thing this program has brought me , aggravation .
 I have agree with Ms Whitfield . While the box spec might claim to run on a 700 mHZ machine with 256 meg of RAM , -LRB- reccoomended , not minimum , mind you -RRB- DO NOT !!! even try it , unless your machine beats the above numbers 3 times over.I have a 930 mHZ machine with 512MB Ram and 5 runs so slow as to be worse than useless.Another thing they could have added for folks with arthritis is when a parameter dial is selected to get it to dial up or down on some kind of keyboard operation .
 The product was shipped without a serial number , something apparently that happened with an unknown number of Poser 5 programs . After 3 days of sending emails and making phone calls , still no help from Curious Labs . Incidents like this usually signal even more problems to come due to no one taking care of details within the manufacturer .
 The software does not work . After many re-installations , I gave up . After launching the program , it crashes . I discovered after running scandisk , there 's an array of invalid files , in the female folder . Tried to repair error and did n't work . The patch SR4 does n't solve the problem . Wrote to customer service about the problem and no answer from them . I wo n't buy anything else from this company and I 'll look somewhere else for a more reliable , friendly and committed company to their customers .
 I did n't know what to do . It had no instructions and the clean up application did n't register on the computer at all . It was a great disappointment . My computer seemed more messed up than ever . Sorry would n't recommend this product to anyone . Sorry
 This is what you get : Runtime 1 hours 10 minutesLong-Term/Opening Plans :1 King 's Indian Defense2 Meran Defense3 Dutch Stonewall Defense4 Queen 's Gambit Exchange Carlsbad Variation5 Ruy Lopez Exchange Variation6 French Defense7 Sicilian DragonEndgame Plans :8 Pawn Endgame9 Knight vs. Bishop10 Bishop Endgame11 Rook Endgame12 Queen EndgameMiddlegame Plans :13 Teresa Needham vs. Susan Polgar14 Susan Polgar vs. Ramayrat15 Susan Polgar vs. Ljubojevic16 Susan Polgar vs. Paunovic17 Botvinnik vs. Capablanca18 Smyslov vs. KasparovYou see those 7 openings ? If you do n't know how to play them , then those 7 chapters are n't gon na help you . And if you do know how to play them , then they wo n't either , because you should already know what the plan is in the opening that you 're playing . And she races through them , makes it kind of confusing to follow.You see the 5 endgame chapters ? She just gives you an endgame position , and then tells you what the winning plan is . But not what your choices are , and not how to make a plan.You see the last 5 middlegame chapters ? At least she really does annotate these parts quite well!Summary
 Like the reviewer `` Kid 's review '' I say that S.P. does not fulfil what she promises to do
 Dear Chess Consumer : The review by Thal Ajoni is an honest and thoughtful criticism of this set of Chess videos . Unfortunately it caught the attention of one or two people to falsly write 5-star reviews for this product -LRB- wrongly -RRB- thinking that they were championing the name of Polgar or women in Chess -LRB- as they did with Jennifer Shahade 's very good first effort -RRB- . By making this mistake , the few people in question merely succeeded in supporting a bad set of videos.The user , `` Danita '' , wrote a review to support this video on or about Dec 8 . It turns out , she is probably the same person as Ludmila , as they both used the term `` Internet Stalker '' in reference to some kind of smear campaign either against Polgar or Women 's chess in general . Here is an example : -- This is from a review of an excellent book written by Susan polgar called Breaking Through which has excellent annotations and a good story on Kasparov cheating against Judit . In her review , Danita uses the term `` Internet Stalker '' : Breaking Through
 Notice that the reviews are wildy skewed on this work -LRB- and its twins -RRB- . That means there 's a camp of people who rate it as a 2 or worse , and a camp that rate it as a 5 . The only time that ever happens is when the author and their co-conspirators are trying to combat bad reviews by posting spurious and biased 5-star reviews under pseudonyms . See below for the proof of this manipulative and deceptive practice.First , here are some of the details of why this `` work '' earned poor reviews . You will notice that the 5-star reviews give no specifics or details , they just praise the stuff in general.Michael Domlin
 I recommend to everyone interested to read Thal Ajoni 's review before buying any of these videos . It 's awesome , but these videos sure are n't !
 This video does n't seem very good to me and there 's other ways to learn Chess and another thing is I totally agree that you should read all the customer reviews before deciding .
 This is not a good value as described in the other 1 star reviews . The a typical `` plan '' for each opening is described in a very short -LRB- 2-3 minutes -RRB- monologue by Ms Polgar . No principles just a lightning fast run through of the moves . Very disappointing . Worse as is pointed out in one of the more comprehensive 1 star reviews the 5 star comments appear to be cut and pasted by someone trying to sell these videos . I greatly prefer the Roman 's lab videos .
 This product is also sold under the brand name subsidary `` Game Mill Publishing '' through Officemax stores . I have been unable to get it to function . There is no phone number or postal address for contact , just a very limited website with no downloadable updates or FAQ , just a brief message that states `` Do not return the product to the store , send us an email describing the problem and we will reply with a link to the solution '' , I have attempted contacting them 3 times over 3 weeks with no response . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!! IT DOES NOT WORK !!!
 I decided to purchase Street Atlas 2003 because of my frutstration with GPS tracking in Microsoft 's Streets & Trips 2002 -LRB- which updates position only every 15 secs -RRB- . The GPS tracking capabilities of Delorme 's product looked good . However , I was disappointed in the mapping quality compared to Microsoft 's product . For example , Street Atlas shows my home location -LRB- based on address -RRB- at the end of my street - not acceptable . Microsoft 's product is more accurate in pinpointing the location of an address . The quality of the maps was also disappointing . The user interface is non standard and non-intuitive . The requirement to have the CD in the laptop in order to see maps is not acceptable . Note that Delorme offers a 30-day money back guarantee , which I appreciate . I will take advantage of it .
 I agree completely with user from Cleveland . Delorme took a fabulous interface -LRB- Version 8.0 / 9.0 -RRB- and completely ruined it . This is the one piece of software that I have never failed to upgrade immediately since the program 's introduction years ago . For the first time , I am sorry that I did . SA 2003 is much slower , the Windows interface is gone , and the graphics quality is degraded . This is change for the sake of change , without regard to a previously very loyal user base . It 's hard for me to understand Delorme 's thinking with this one.Like Cleveland , I have reinstalled a previous version .
 I 've been a fan of Delorme Street Atlas since the early versions . I was very happy with the previous version , it did everything I wanted , was easy to use , and was fast . I bought Street Atlas 2003 mainly to get the newest map information . It was a huge disappointment - it 's slow , you ca n't select certain states to save on your hard drive -LRB- it 's all or nothing -RRB- , I do n't care for the map display -LRB- you have to zoom way in to see street names -RRB- , you can no longer select certain areas to avoid , and worst of all the automatic routing often gives nonsense reslults -LRB- I 've found that the program thinks that some interstate off-ramps are local roads and will go out of it 's way to route around them - the results are sometimes just plain goofy -RRB- .
 *** Update *** April 2005 - Reinstalled Operating system after hard drive malfunction . The slowness I had experiences went away . The issue was probably more with the underlying Microsoft Database Access component than it was with the software . The slow access issue occurred on a machine that was upgraded from Windows ME to Windows XP.I still prefer the earlier user interface . ***************** I have been using Street Atlas since version 2 or 3 . SA 2003 is a disaster . I feel like I 'm running software on a 386 machine , although its a 1.3 ghz P4 . I sometimes have to perform an End Task on the program because it 's not responding . What was Delorme thinking ? I do n't understand how they can release such a flawed product . Earlier versions and Streets and Trips has much better interface -LRB- 100X -RRB- . Maps Take seconds to refresh . . sometimes it sits there for 10 - 20 seconds before responding . With the speed of todays computers you should n't have to wait around for screens to update . I am extremley disappointed . I read the other reviews here and bought it anyway ... that was a mistake . Delorme should take this off the market and address the performance issues with this product before re-releasing it .
 I bought the whole bundle including the GPS reveiver , USB adapter , and the software . It was very freaky . I just got it to work less than three times . Every time , it worked and stopped without reason . The most error messages are something like `` Can not initialize Find tab ! '' . I had contacted Delorme customer service , searched all the useful information online , done all I was told , and finally it just simply does ' t work any more.Look like Delorme 's qulity control is really poor . The same is the knowlegde of their customer support . Stay away if you can .
 Delorme had a great product , Street Atlas , but then they decided to give up a winning interface and put on the clunky 3-D topo interface ... result ... They lost me as a customer . This product is slow , inaccurate , and difficult to use compared to the `` classic '' Street Altas . They laid an egg . Too bad . Guess I 'll have to get the Microsoft product for updated streets and points of interest .
 This new version lacks some of the usefull tools to mark locations that prior versions have , plus there are streets missing from prior versions . And customer service is none existent .
 Like other reviewers , I have used other Delorme Street Atlas versions , and except for notorious installation problems , they have always been fairly good , although not as good as Microsoft/Encarta Streets and Trips -LRB- and especially the newest one -RRB- , but the 2003 version of Street Atlas is a disaster . The screen layout is terrible , the menu system had to have been designed designed on another planet . Finding points of interest and putting them on your map is next to impossible . All in all , a terrible product . Mine goes back tomorrow .
 I first installed this on a W2K computer and got blank screens while the hard disk churned , lines and lines of file copy messages , etc. . When it actually installed I could n't get it to search.On 98 , I did get it to search , but it was so slow , I thought I was doing it wrong so I tried several different things and it was still extremely slow . In Streets & Trips , I searched for 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue -LRB- no more information and got a list within a second or two -RRB- . In Street Atlas , I gave it Washington , DC , too and I got an update on all the zip codes it was searching . ... . I bought Street Atlas 9.0 today to compare . It was on sale ... and it is n't bad . I really like the one-way street markers.Oh yeah , the interface . I have worked with lots of different types of software -LRB- DOS , Windows , Mainframe -RRB- over the years and I would say that this interface is one of the top 5 WORST .
 First off , I have to say , I have been a huge Street Atlas USA fan since version 1.0 . Yes , I 've been using this program for over 10 years and I used it almost every day and loved it . The last version I used was version 7.0 and the maps were starting to get out of date , so I upgraded to the 2003 version.It is awful !! Downright awful ! First off , the interface is confusing and does n't follow standard Windows applications . I 've gotton use to it , but the user interface is really bad . The help files are n't that good either . Second , the maps look horrible ! The detail settings are way off . There is either not enough detail or too much detail . The old versions worked much better . Third , this program is slow as a pig . The old versions were really fast and responsive even on a Pentium 90 Mhz laptop . The version was VERY sluggish on a my Dell Pentium 3 733 Mhz . Although the performance is acceptable now that I have a 2.4 Ghz Pentium 4 . They seem to have completly rewritten the software and it -LSB- is n't very good -RSB- ! It 's a real shame . I would have rather had the old version of the software with updated maps .
 I 've used Delorme 's Street Atlas for over 10 years -- updating every year or so . I bought 2003 and was first surprised by the confusing interface and then alarmed at what a disk hog it was -LRB- 800k + !!!! -RRB- . The previous version of SA would allow you to load onto the HD the state/county that you needed . Great for a traveling laptop . Now , it appears , the entire US must be downloaded -- what a waste .1 star is too generous a rating!Allen
 1 . Very slow to find location -LRB- about 3 times slower than Map Quest and I have the entire program installed on my hard drive -RRB- .2 . Inaccurate . Do n't know where DeLorme gets their data but they need to find a new source -LRB- my house , my work , etc. are way off -RRB- 3 . Missing major freeways almost 2 years old , -LRB- see metro Phoenix -RRB- .4 . Ca n't generate driving directions by typing in start and end addresses . You have to click on your start and end points with this `` cute '' little tool . I rarely now where my end point is . Is n't that the point of having a mapping program ? 5 . Gives bogus routes -LRB- sends you places roads do n't exist . Try Kihei , Hawaii -LRB- Maui -RRB- to Kipahulu via Waihou takes you across Haleakala volcano down the south side -- sorry no roads there , not even close to a road .6 . Want to update the data and program ? Good luck , ca n't download updates from Delorme 's web site , -LRB- tried 4 different browsers , only Netscape allows a download but the file size ends up being 0 bits , tried 3 times . Waiting to get an email response . Ca n't down load any of their other files either . -LRB- Edit 1/30/03
 I - like all but 2 of the 38 others who have written reviews - completely agree that this is the most unfriendly SA version ever . They told me via their Support email that there is no way to eliminate the Splash Screen -LRB- which on my PIII/500 takes a full minute to go away -RRB- . I just want to say this . . PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE read all the negative feedback - I have used SA6 & 7 - and without any doubt - all of the negative comments are unquestionably valid . If I could give this product a negative rank - so that it brought the ranking to ZERO stars - I would .
 After using Street Atlas 2003 since its release , I have found it one of the most frustrating items of software in more than twenty years of micro computer experience . I found the previous versions much easier to use .
 I 've been using street atlas since 6.0 and I liked it very much . Recently I bought the new USB version of earthmate , which is bundled with street atlas 2003 USA . I want to say this is worst map software I 've used , even worse than MS streets and trips -LRB- which has lots of error on intersections -RRB- . The only two good things of SA 2003 are great GPS support with voice prompt , which delorme does well since earlier SA versions , and the new editing tool that let you add routable roads -LRB- really does n't matter it 's routable or not since you do n't want to create routes with this product anyway ! -RRB- Now the bad things :1 , it can never get a route right . I 've played with it for a week now and it just ca n't do it . _ Always _ gives longer routes than it should be . Often let you go through a quite neighborhood instead of a nearby freeway , even the freeway is shorter and quicker . No , it 's not I set the preference wrong ... typically , if I add a via point to help it , it would correct the error and get the right route -LRB- why do I need the program then ! -RRB- In some places , connectors between freeways are treated as local road and it does its best to avoid them ! One example is where I-95 and I-64 splits at Richmond , VA. 2 , the display sucks . At zoom level 12 , where it 's already street level , no single road name is shown . And when street names are shown , if there 's a state or county number for the road , it 's always the number gets shown , rather than the street name , while in real world no one care about or even know the state road number at all . The display also looks very ugly comparing to SA8 .0 or MS streets and trips .3 , all local roads are treated same , no matter it 's a major 6-lane parkway or a 2-lane quite neighborhood drive with plenty of stop signs ... 4 , you ca n't run the program on an English windows system with non-English language set as default or non-Unicode language -LRB- and of course ca n't run on non-English version of windows -RRB- .5 , the user interface is much worse than earlier versions . The window for directions can only show several lines , unless you cut the map window to half . Some setting changes ca n't be updated correctly.Guess I have to buy MS from now on ...
 If you 're one of the lucky ones for whom it works , you are thoroughly enjoying Delorme Street Atlas . I was n't lucky . I installed Street Atlas 2003 with the Earthmate GPS on a new Toshiba laptop with Win XP Pro . It would n't run . Because tech support was already closed I followed all the suggestions in their FAQ 's and in the scant instructions I received for $ ... I emailed support and called them the next day -LRB- still no response 2 days later -RRB- . I was told , `` It must be the hardware - call Toshiba . '' Toshiba tech support consisted of a barely intelligible woman who told me that maybe my -LRB- brand new -RRB- laptop did n't have enough space on the hard drive to run Street Atlas ! But when I ignored her and bought Microsoft Streets & Trips 2003 for $ ... , it ran fine ! Moral , stick with Microsoft .
 Although there are some nice new features in SA2003 , the program is slow and takes nearly all the Windows resources on my PC . The new `` interface '' is not an improvement -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- and the new file structure is clumsy.I printed trip planning maps in SA9 and was always satisfied . However , in SA2003 the corresponding maps are very hard to read -LRB- the font used is much smaller -RRB- and the `` strip '' maps no longer show the elapsed time or distance -LRB- making them almost useless -RRB- . I plan to uninstall SA2003 and revert to SA9 and then look for another product with current map data and a `` useful '' interface .
 I would not recommend Street Atlas USA 2003 , even though in the past , I have been a big fan of Street Atlas . No longer with the Deluxe versions now being the only option for 2003 and forward . Let me explain . First of all they took what was in my opinion one of the best interfaces of any product I have used and made it one of the worst . Common windows menu 's are a thing of the past . Even the graphical represenation of streets is of lower quality then the Street Atlas version 8 I had used in the past , which i will now be going back to . The past version was just a joy to use , the new one makes you wonder what their software engineers were thinking . If your a fan of the older Street Atlas versions -LRB- windows interfaced -RRB- I think you will be very disappointed with the new lower pane navigation method . I will be taking advantage of my Delorme 30 day money back guarantee and re-installing my Street Atlas 8 . I also believe Street Atlas 9 is the last version of the software with the windows interface . What a shame !
 We have been users of Street Atlas since SA2 , and find that overall , versions up through SA9 perform efficiently , effectively and with a high value of user functionality . However , for us , SA2003 does not meet our expectations , nor does it perform with the same speed and ease of use that SA9 does.The performance is degraded substantially from SA9 . While SA9 is very quick to zoom in/out , pan , ascertain routes etc , SA2003 is very noticeably slower . In fact , it takes many seconds to zoom in/out . Opening up SA9 on all four machines took -LRB- roughly -RRB- 25 % of the time it took to open up SA2003 . For instance , on the Toshiba Satellite 1.7 Ghz machine , SA9 took 4 seconds to open up a map file with a magnification of 11 . That same machine took 14 seconds to open up SA2003 , centered in the same area , with the same magnification.I can not find what the value of the ` Magnify ' function . If we use the ` Zoom ' feature , why add a ` Magnify ' function ? This seems redundant.Although my screens are typically 1400x1000 -LRB- and 1024x768 up to 1600x1200 -RRB- , I would like more real estate for the SA screen . Why ca n't I move or remove the right hand menu bar ? I have no need to see the world map to pan , lat/long , compass nor magnification features.Additionally , I did n't notice any `` F '' key equivalents in SA2003 that was associated with certain functions on SA9 . For instance , F4 -LRB- Phone -RRB- , F5 -LRB- zip -RRB- and F6 -LRB- place -RRB- on SA9 does nothing on SA2003 . And , F7 -LRB- Locate by address -RRB- , F9 -LRB- Map legend -RRB- , F10 -LRB- draw objects -RRB- , F11 -LRB- route -RRB- and F12 -LRB- Initializes GPS -RRB- on SA9 does not appear to have any function in SA2003.Is there a way to revert the user interface on SA2003 back to the interface displayed in SA9 ? I find that it is very hard to navigate around the menus on the bottom of the display . In fact , there does not appear to be a ` file ' / ` open ' function . Apparently the designers have through to use their own proprietary interface which does not in the least match up with standard Windows interface.The new colors in SA2003 are extremely hard to read . For instance , when mouse-over a particular street , either the default or mobile colors produce a near-unreadable street value in the lower left-hand corner . They were very readable in SA9.The forestry color -LRB- green -RRB- in SA9 does not appear in SA2003 . Is there a way to ` turn on ' the coloring again ? Specifically , National Forests in SA9 was colored green . SA2003 does not color , nor in any other way , mark the boundaries of the national Forest . The same holds true for city zones.The low definition and detail of roads on higher magnifications on SA2003 make it near-impossible to use at these higher levels of scan . In other words , on SA9 , a zoom-value -LRB- for example -RRB- of 11 produces much more screen and street data on SA9 than the same zoom-value on SA2003 . And yes , the screen resolutions are identical -LRB- same area of coverage on both programs -RRB- . Did you know that for screen resolutions of 800x600 , 1024x768 and 1400x1050 , the Microsoft Office Bar -LRB- top right corner -RRB- -LSB- Screen -RSB- OVERWRITES the `` HELP '' button on SA2003 ? Only after many days of program experimentation , and shrinking the program window , did I find that there are other options in the `` HELP '' button -LRB- IE FAQ -RRB- besides F1 -LRB- basic help -RRB- . I realize that the office bar is not in vogue these days , but honestly , why author a program to ` cover ' a historical program option -LRB- office bar -RRB- ? Does that mean that people who continue to use the ` on-top ' version of the office bar must now be mandated to switch to an ` active desktop ' for their quick icon selections , or turn off the always-on-top feature of the office bar?I 'm not sure why the total package was changed - perhaps it would have been very beneficial to conduct a market survey as to what the users wanted . In my situation , I would have * REALLY * preferred options to revert several key components back to SA9 functionality.Once again , we 're really disappointed , and wish that we did not have to return the product . However , to us , given the fact that Delorme is the leader in mapping software , and that we are fully satisfied with SA9 , we will continue to use the earlier version of that product .
 Changed the interface , Map on screen less visible , slowed the program down , printout less controllable , automatically puts an address on map.And with all that ... data is no more current than version 9 from what * I 'm * able to see.NOT as good as it was , I 'll be returning the software , and going back using v. 4 and v. 8 until I find something better , or delorme puts the old interface back .
 I owned a previous version of this software , switched to Microsoft Streets & Trips 2001 . When it came time to update Streets & Trips , I looked at the competitors , Delorme included . After a side-by-side comparison , it seemed like Street Atlas USA 2003 was the way to go . Boy , was I wrong.The user interface is absolutely horrible , to the point of being nearly unusable . Nothing is intuitive . I keep finding myself going for the non-existant menu items in the non-existant menubar at the top of the window.The graphics are ugly . One thing about the Microsoft product is that the maps are generally accurate and look nice . Delorme 's maps are little better than stick drawings . Road names are sparse and usually not aligned well with the associated road.The map data is innacurate . A 2-year-old version of Streets and Trips finds my house correctly while Street Atlas USA 2003 with its `` Extensively Updated Data '' places my house several blocks down the street and misplaces established resorts and landmarks.This product is a waste of money and time . Go for Microsoft Streets and Trips 2003 .
 Having been a Street Atlas USA customer since version 3 , I was pretty committed to trying to like this . In addition , I own the Delorme Earthmate GPS which only works with Delorme products so I was REALLY committed . I tried ... and I tried ... Well ... I 'll be looking to replace the whole package . They ruined the Street Atlas franchise with this release . the user interface is awful , the features are now harder to use -LRB- if they still exist at all -RRB- and the program is slower . And the whole reason I bought it was because I thought the streets would be updated , but not in the areas that I was looking for!How does a company release an `` Update '' by removing features and making it worse ??? The one saving grace is that Delorme has a 30 day refund policy which I definately will be using.Oh ... did I mention that I 'm STILL waiting for them to respond to my email to the support department ... If anyone has any recommendations for a good GPS/Mapping package , please post .
 I have owned multiple version of Street Atlas by Delorme , and many of their other products . Street Altas 2003 is a big step backward . They are attempting to merge the 3-D Topo Map program format into Street Atlas and failed on first pass . The maps are not attractive to the eye , the scanning and zooming is much slower , and the controls clumsier . The points of interest are hard to find , uni-dimensional by class of point of interest , the drawing of the route to the point of interest is full of errors , and locating the point of interest once selected is difficult . In earlier versions , the points of interest were located easily by icons and rapidly explained with a right click or pointing , to include the point of interest phone number . The routing program is goofy , and missing the `` stick to interstate '' feature , resulting in bizarre routing on slow , back roads . Delorme , you bombed on this one and I want my money back .
 If you are looking for door-to-door routing software that does n't require you to be online , then Street Atlas 2003 -LRB- SA2003 -RRB- is for you . It handles routing quickly and accurately and the road database is extensive . But , if you are looking for travel planning software to plan a vacation or to replace AAA Map 'n' Go -LRB- the vacation planner that Delorme has discontinued -RRB- , then you will be very disappointed.SA2003 adopted the non-standard user interface that Delorme already uses with TopoUSA . While it does eliminate dialog boxes appearing over the map display , it takes quite a while to find your way around and seems limited in scope . The navigation bar at the right of the screen takes more screen area than it needs to.To route door-to-door , you can enter a starting point either by entering an address or by clicking on the map . You can enter stops along the way and designate the final destination . The calculated route can be printed out as turn-by-turn written directions and various maps , including strip maps and turn-by-turn maps . Only major highways are shown in color , making the maps harder to follow than Map 'n' Go 's . The turn-by-turn maps result in lot of duplication because many intersections , particularly Interstate interchanges , are treated as a series of separate turns so you get four or five identical turn-by-turn maps each with directions for a tiny portion of the intersection.If you want to plan a vacation , SA2003 fails miserably compared to the discontinued Map 'n' Go . Delorme 's Map 'n' Go contained essentially the entire AAA Tourbook database of tourist attractions and accommodations , each with several paragraphs of detailed information , including address , phone , description , hours of operation , how long to allow for the visit , admission or rates and AAA ratings . Planning a vacation was a breeze and the program quickly calculated routes and provided excellent directions and maps . Though routing was from the nearest major street , instead of door-to-door , that was fine for vacation planning . You could ask Map 'n' Go to show you all points-of-interest along a route and in seconds you would have a complete list , including a narrated slide show to watch . Not so with SA2003 which , sometimes after many minutes of processing , provides only the phone number -LRB- but no address -RRB- of each point-of-interest . Where Map 'n' Go nicely displayed accommodations and points-of-interest on the map , SA2003 , because there are so many points , only shows tiny dots at all but the most zoomed-in maps . I used to use Map 'n' Go to filter the lodging symbols to show only lodging at a certain price and AAA rating to quickly find the best price for a given quality level . With no lodging detail , you simply ca n't do this with SA2003 . Other Map 'n' Go features missing from SA2003 are routing for Canada and Mexico and downloadable road construction and weather information.Unfortunately , SA2003 makes up for less points-of-interest quality with more quantity - over 4 million . Unless you want to know of every bar , nail salon , ATM , dance studio , car dealer , etc. , you will find SA2003 to contain far too many points-of-interest , all with no detailed information for travel planning . You can limit searches to certain categories , but even that results in an overload . Searching for `` Amusement and Recreation '' within a 10 mile radius of San Francisco resulted in over 1,500 places , including every karate studio , night club , video arcade , bowling center , etc. . For me , over 80 % of the results were useless . You can further limit searches by using keywords , but even then you end up with excessive quantity with no detailed information . Unfortunately , I found many points-of-interest categorized wrong . For instance , the leasing office of an office building was listed as an amusement.No matter how you intend to use SA2003 , you will find its most glaring weakness is the time it takes to search for points-of-interest , particularly along a route . I set up a 1,500-mile route from San Francisco to Astoria , Oregon and searched for points-of-interest within 2 miles of the route . The search took twenty-five minutes ! The majority of the resulting 2,284 points-of-interest were of no use to the vacation planner . Every along-the-route search test I tried took 15 to 30 minutes to run . Checking System Monitor showed the CPU running slammed at 100 % . This was on an 800MHz PC with 256MB of RAM . I tried the same tests on a 733MHz PC with 384MB of RAM with similar results . These excessive search times make SA2003 extremely frustrating and impractical to use . Worse yet , if you do n't print out the results or save them to a separate text file , you lose them when you exit SA2003.Delorme could greatly enhance SA2003 for the vacation planner by changing the install program to allow the user to install only those point-of-interest categories that they want . For instance , I would only install accommodations , tourist attractions and a few others . That would result in a substantially smaller database , which -LRB- I hope -RRB- would greatly speed up searches . Delorme could further enhance SA2003 by making a special travel planning database available that contained the type of detailed AAA information that was available in Map 'n' Go.I do not use mapping software with a GPS so I did not check this feature with SA2003 , though it did look comprehensive.If Map 'n' Go was still available , I would immediately return SA2003 and buy the latest Map 'n' Go . For now , I will continue to use my 2001 version of Map 'n' Go 7 for vacation planning and just use SA2003 to verify the routing . If another company comes up with a decent vacation planning package , I would drop Delorme as quickly as they dropped Map 'n' Go ! I hope a better solution comes along before the information in Map 'n' Go becomes too outdated .
 When I saw that the version number of the new Street Atlas had gone from `` 9 '' to `` 2003 '' , I feared the worst.Alas , I was correct . Delorme has migrated SA to their `` new '' user interface , a descendant of the unusably bad one inflicted upon us in Topo 3.0 -LRB- and which is only somewhat improved in Topo 4 -RRB- . This interface is , umm , well , it -LSB- is bad -RSB- . The amount of non-intuitive `` monkey motion '' required to accomplish a simple task is easily double what the old familiar interface needs . To me this appears to be a whole bunch of mostly-unneeded new features , thrown together with an interface designed by a committee of engineers who have apparently never seen a Windows PC or a Mac.Oh , and let 's not forget the often-lousy map data and a lot of really laughable gaps in the routing data . I found instances where , for example , the routing can not even follow a straight state highway , in the middle of a desert , for 20 miles without deciding to put you off on a dirt road . And the comment about roads still on the map when they 've been abandoned for 50 years is right on . Does n't anybody actually know where the real roads are in this country?Yes , the old program was showing some limitations , but this could have been addressed without trashing all of the functionality and ease of use . This new version has truly seen the baby tossed out with the bath water . Whoever allowed this travesty onto the market should be fired.I am still holding out hope that when a newer version of AAA Map 'n' Go -LRB- which is based on the old SA program -RRB- comes out , it will retain the old interface . If , as I fear , it does not , then DeLorme will no longer have me as a customer .
 Poorly Designed , Sluggish InterfaceI purchased Street Atlas 2003 due to my disappointment with the point of interest data -LRB- and not the interface -RRB- of Microsoft Streets and Trips 2002 . Unfortunately , the interface with Street Atlas 2003 is so poorly designed , it is almost unusable . While it looks like the point of interest data is in fact better than S&T 2002 , the data in S&T 2003 is supposedly better . Street Atlas 2003 has one advantage over S&T in that the GPS has a 3 second update , not the foolish 15 second interval that Microsoft chose.The specific problems with the interface can only be understood by using the product . However , basic functions such as panning and zooming can be a hassle . When searching for a specific address , it inexplicably scrolls through a list zip codes on a pop-up menu , apparently to show you what it is doing.The POI data is quite extensive , almost to the extreme with categories and subcategories . However , when searching for a POI , the result is shown on the screen but it is not clear how to get the street address . Even in the menu below , it lists map coordinates and not a street address . Even the maps themselves are not as visually appealing as S&T . Another problem is that , even on my 1.6 GHz Pentium IV , the program is slow to launch and slow to find addresses , and slow to calculate routes.In short , the program needs a completely revamped interface .
 If you plan to use this on the road with a GPS , man this is really bad.After getting on the road I recieved some really strange messages . Messages with directions that just do n't make sense . Gives messages on major turns only if the road name changes . Late messages , for example after entering a ramp on to a freeway being notified that I would be there in a few seconds.No sense of being off route , keeps on giving directions as if on the plotted routeThus no automatic rerouting . So if you get off route you have to manually put it `` on track `` Bottom line this is really usless with a GPS .
 There are streets on these maps that have not existed in over 50 years if they ever did . Points of Interest are not located in the right place . They need to start over
 I have been using various Delorme products for years . With SA USA 2003 , Delorme has regressed in the ease of use of their products . Everything about this program can be said in one word , `` klutzy '' .
 Fast shipment , but the quality of product is poor . Images overlap each other without clearing up and becomes worse with continued use . Possible manufacturer 's defect .
 Faulty , misleading expencive up supported trash . Charges for updates , doese n't work or do anything only mess up your mard drive , disk utility has the same features but it actually works . If you defrag your mac drive using this kiss it goodbye . Now they have drive ididot 2 out do n't be a sucker save your money and stay away from this lousey excuse of a program .
 A while ago , even though my Mac was working fine , I noticed that I could n't repair permissions anymore and got the dreaded `` error 9972 '' message by way of explanation . I therefore decided to purchase a drive repair and/or maintenance program . My local Apple store technician suggested Drive Genius instead of DiskWarrior , as that is what he used for day-to-day maintenance.Drive Genius could n't solve the problem . Oh , well , there was of course no certainty that it could ... These programs are supposed to try , but there 's never a guarantee of success . No biggie . I reformatted the drive just in case , zeroed everything , and reinstalled everything . Now that the machine was back to normal and that Apple 's Disk Utility could repair permissions and see no fault with the drive , I decided to use the Duplicate function of Drive Genius to keep a clone of my drive , in case it acted up again in the future . It could n't do it . Kept saying there was a problem with the drive , and it could n't repair it . I tried to use other Drive Genius options to see if my drive had bad blocks . Could n't get to the end of that test either . I ended up copying all my files by hand , one by one , without a glitch.Now I could accept that my drive has somehow gone bad without presenting any symptoms , but Disk Utility sees nothing wrong with it . If there 's indeed a problem with my computer it must be very minor , since it works fine and that its files can be handled , used and copied manually without trouble . Nevertheless , that intangible problem seems to be enough to halt Drive Genius in its tracks.So as far as I 'm concerned , Drive Genius has thus far proven to be an expensive and useless purchase . I should have gone with DiskWarrior for the 9972 fix , and trusted to Disk Utility for usual maintenance .
 This may be a very good program , but I will never find out . The first task I chose to do when Drive Genius arrived was to defrag my hard drive . That one procedure rendered my computer all but useless -- some programs would not launch , the time was off and could not be reset , saved email could not be retrieved , and other abnormalities . Prosoft 's Support was unable to help me . I 'm not sure that Drive Genius offers any advantage over Tech Tool Pro or Disk Warrior , or a combination of the two . If you get DG , back up before you defrag or , better yet , bypass that feature .
 This product worked for me for a while with no problem , and seemed like a great utility . Then one day a drive with 40 gigs of movie files was running a little slow . After `` verifying '' and `` repairing '' and `` rebuilding '' the drive I clicked on defragment . The dialog comes up warning to backup data because loss of power during defragmenting could cause loss of data . As soon as I clicked OK , the program quit unexpectedly rendering the drive inaccessable and all data lost ! I wish I had used DiskWarrior for the defrag , because it does n't rewrite directory data until a few seconds at the very end the process . Only use this as a last resort . No other utility could rescue my drive . I ca n't even imagine if this had happened to my main startup drive with all my applications and pictures .
 It killed my harddrive and the only way to restart was to erase with entire computer with the OSX install disk . I was able to plug in a laptop so that the Intel iMac acted as a firewire drive and grab back a few essentials but I lost everything on my desktop and my emails .
 A BIG waste of time and money . Look for a better product . It will work part of the time and just frustrate you the rest of the time . I have had more luck with 1Click .
 Yeah , that 's right , not only does the product suck , but the company is -LSB- ... -RSB- as well . Number one , it does n't copy ANY DVD movies , whatsoever . Number two , I never got my $ 25 rebate that was supposed to come with it . I sent them an e-mail requesting my rebate and they denied it . Nothing on the box is true , so do n't even waste your time OR money with these idiot morons . THEY SUCK !!!! You 've been warned , STAY AWAY from these degenerate crooks if you have a brain in your skull .
 It wo n't copy protected DVDS . They tell you to use DVD43 or DVD Encrypter to copy them . Since January 2006 both of these programs originating in Finland were discontinued because of a new copy write law there . SO WHAT GOOD IS IT ?
 This product is garbage , do not buy it . The cover of their product states 100 % satisfaction or full refund . Only if you buy it from them on-line . The product itself is not worth even looking at . There are better products on the market , do your research .
 I bought the software and downloaded DVD43 and after all of that I always get errors either writing or reading the movie . I was a waste of money and waste of time . I have a new computer with more than enough needed to run the program . I also have a brand new DVD burner , top of the line so I know it is not my equipment ! Very frustrating ... I only gave it one star because I coul n't give it any less . SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 The advertisement said nothing about loading any decrypting software . It said COPYS ANY MOVIE . DO N'T buy this ripoff piece of garbage . I loaded another burning program and have had no problems . Thanks If I could have given it a -0 stars I would have . Total waste of MONEY and most importantly , WASTE OF TIME !!!!!
 This software is almost completely worthless . It copied NOT ONE of about 15 DVDs I own that I tried to copy . What a colossal waste of money . Look elsewhere .
 The program does n't work ! Do n't waste your money . They refuse to send any information on how to get your money back . Do n't believe their money back guarantee ! I emailed them 3 times for information on how to get my money back . The first time they sent me instruction on how to load the program . Now they wo n't even respond .0 STARS !
 I copy DVD 's 2 does n't do anything it claims on the box.To this day I have n't got this software to work and I tried it on 3 different computers.Another thing that bothers me is MEE TOO SOFTWARE -LRB- the company that makes I Copy DVD 's 2 -RRB- signed me up for some stupid magazine that I did n't ask for.Look at this review and the others and judge for yourself.BEWARE !!!
 The advertisements and the box say that it copies Hollywood movies . When I tried to copy one of my movies it told me that it could not copy a copy-protected DVD and it recommended finding shareware that would first decrypt the software . What a rip-off ! Do n't waste your money . I miss the days when you could buy DVDXCopy.Anyone that says they do n't need to make backup copies of their DVDs has never had kids . The surface of a DVD does not survive long with a 3 year old trying to put it in to the DVD player . : - -RRB-
 I bought this program because it said outside the box `` copy any dvd including the latest hollywood movies '' . That 's not true , after installing this program I tried to copy some dvds I owned and it always gave me an error . So I went to their web site and in one of the pages it says that it wo n't copy any dvd that has CSS copy protected feature . Meaning almost 95 percent of the dvds out there.SO I wasted my money on this purchase.Be aware of false advertisement of this product .
 It turns out you can get a program called DVD-43 that will allow you to make backups of your DVD movies using this program by providing access to the DeCSS algorithm . But the compression -LRB- modification -RRB- technology that this tool uses to accomplish this makes the video quality * unbearable * in the duplicate . You can * see * the compression - even on a cheap TV set.Don ' t bother with this program - it 's just complete junk .
 The box boasts of being able to `` copy any movie '' , but that is n't the case . It does not have CSS encoding software built in , which is how most commercial DVDs are recorded.I do not have any experience with copying non-encoded DVDs with this software .
 I bought this thinking it would be easy to use , but I needed to download additional software from the internet . Even after I downloaded it to override the copyright protection , I still could not back up copies of certain DVD 's .
 A TEXT BOOK CASE OF `` YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR '' . PURCHASED SOFTWARE AT LOCAL ELECTRONICS STORE . WORKED FOR ABOUT 2 WEEKS AND THEN JUST QUIT . VERY TEMPERMENTAL AND A WASTE OF MONEY . GET A GOOD QUALITY PRODUCT AND FORGET THIS ONE .
 I bought this software in spite of all the negative reviews because reviewer A. Ranusch , review date 7/29/2004 , refers to a web site that gives this software decent reviews . I figured all the other reviewers overlooked something.I also downloaded a free CSS decrypter , DVD43 , which allows this software to read commercial movies.It took this software took about 30 minutes to read the movie and created a temporary video file.It then prompted me to insert the blank disk into the DVD reader/writer . After inserting disk , I clicked on the `` copy '' icon and NOTHING happens . This software freezes up . I removed and inserted the blank disk several times and ca n't get the software to unfreeze . I shut down the software and the newly created video file is automatically deleted.I have a relatively new computer , Pentium 2.4 Ghz with Windows XP . Prior to beginning the copying process , I had shut down all anti-virus , firewall , and unnecessary programs running in the background to avoid freeze ups . Apparently this does not help.This software does not come with a users manual and the help menu within the CD is so sparse that it is useless . The manufacturers ' web site have only a few `` Frequently Asked Questions '' and is practically useless.Bottom Line
 First thing I have to say , this software does not worth even a penny . If you can get it for free , -LRB- or free after rebate -RRB- , get it to satisfy your curiousness . If you have to pay -LRB- ... -RRB- DO N'T BUY IT.Like other customers said , the box stated
 This software worked OK for a few monthas , then became inoperative because of an execution error . Tech support said the program would not work with `` Dr. Watson , '' and referred me to Microsoft 's web site . No luck . I called again ; they said that they could not provide support for Microsoft software . If you have XP Professional , it may or may not work .
 Yes its a BIG FRAUD . The box clearly says `` Copies any Hollywood Movies '' . . give me a break.It will not copy any of the Hollywood movies -LRB- that you own -RRB- as they are all CSS protected . The manufacturers will refer you to some web page asking you to download DVD ripping software . Then WHY to buy this Software ??? DO N'T Wast your money . Do n't go by the review posted by `` A. Ranusch '' -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- , he might be from `` I Copy DVD2 '' .
 Very disappointing performance . Does n't have all encoders built in , and even for disks it can read it is very unreliable . Locks up , no support , just worthless . Complete waste of money , does n't do nearly what it claims .
 This product is great for transferring videos to DVD that you made yourself but it can not copy `` any '' movie . Like most retail DVD authoring software , you ca n't use this to copy commercial movies that are copy-protected . If the makers of this product did not advertise this as a fully functional DVD copying program , then I would have given ICopy DVD three stars .
 Lord help you if you need support ! On top of being rude , they 're belligerent and arrogant.Save your money and your grief.AVOID !!!!!
 Bought this mainly for Texas lake maps . Detail for Lake Conroe is awful . Wanted stumps info but there 's not much there ; boat ramps and marinas are in the wrong place ; depth on north side of lake is n't there.One of the most irritating issues aside from incorrect lake info is they intentionally make the roads show up wrong . The road detail is actually pretty good , but the GPS does not put your location on the right road in this mapping software ; called customer service and they said we 'd have to buy their road maps for correct road information . Had no choice so we did and surprise , surprise , the road map software has no problem placing you in the correct spot . Now we have to switch between road maps and lake maps , depending on the information we want to see , and we 're out double our money.Very disappointed with Garmin for taking advantage of the consumer .
 After reading the several disappointing reviews of its version 2.0 predecessor , I was n't too anxious about retiring my venerable Roxio CD/DVD burner software quite yet . But version 3.0 caught my eye with a whole new slew of enticing enhancements , of which `` makes bootable CD or DVD '' proved the clincher.Fortunately , I was saved from uninstalling the old-timer by first checking the printed instruction booklet . Turns out that the bootable media claim is correct indeed , but its capabilities are strictly limited to copying a bootable floppy disk -LSB- what 's that ? -RSB- from the floppy disk drive , and Fireman would bravely fire away and burn the image to CD/DVD . WOW ! Not a word about copying from hard drive , let alone generating , an * . iso system file - this super-duper feature is limited strictly to floppies . As I neither own a bootable floppy nor a floppy drive -LRB- those went out in the 90 's -RRB- , I did n't even bother to install Fireman , and tossed forty bucks into the trash can . Windows-XP will do most of the other CD-burning tricks , and Vista even includes Microsoft 's Media Player . Forget it !!
 The item was supposed to be new but it was n't ! The cd sleeve had what looked like food stains on it ... and the box the software came in was n't even sealed shut . The package was also sent in paper wrapping and received a huge hole in the box and wrapping . I 'm surprised that the cd was n't damaged ! This item was not new and the box the software came in should have been send in another box so that it would n't have received a hold in the middle of the box through shipping . I am very dissapointed with the services . I 'm just thankful the software works .
 I bought the 2003 version for my son last week . It effectively blocks sites in the selected categories , but also blocks some benign sites even if I specify them to always be ` trusted sites ' . The only way to get to these sites is to remove ALL restrictions , which defeats the purpose of the product . I had to uninstall and reinstall after W98 starting giving me a startup error msg which suggested that content Barrier was n't loading . Email to Intego tech support has not been answered . Calling them only lets you leave a voice mail . Ca n't seem talk to a human . Sorry I bought it .
 I returned mine . Customer support was awful . There was the endless loop of the automated voice mail and the passing through 6-7 different persons who were supposedly able to help , but kept passing me to the `` right '' technical support .
 Based upon the good performance of Backup My PC by the same publisher , I purchased this product . What a waste of time and money . It offers no advantage over the Files and Settings Transfer Wizard in XP and , what is more , does n't seem to work . I did the deferred transfer - which the user guide tells me to copy the data to a folder and then copy it to the destination machine . I did this three times - and it is painfully slow . Then each time the destination machine could not run the created . exe file -LRB- which it is supposed to do -RRB- and gave an error message that this was not a valid windows executable file . When I tried to reach Stompsoft for help , I was on hold for more than 45 minutes and finally gave up . I went back to the Files and Settings Transfer Wizard in XP which worked in about 1/3 the time and was just fine . I would ask StompSoft for my money back but I do n't want to be on hold for another hour .
 Unlike the other reviewers , I tried the Real Time transfer . What a nightmare ! It did n't work at all . Their packaging says you can get support at their web site . Yet at their site , not only is this product not even listed in the knowledge base or troubleshooting sections , but the site is n't even FINISHED . Most pages have a `` coming soon '' -LRB- with no specifics of whether `` soon '' is next week , next month , a year from now - or a year ago -RRB- . At this late stage in the evolution of the World Wide Web , there 's simply no excuse for sending your customers to the dead end of a site that 's still under construction.It 's a horrible product with non-existent support . Only buy it if you 're really hurting for an overpriced shiny new beverage coaster .
 Boy , am I sorry I did n't read that last review -LRB- from W. Prensky -RRB- before I ordered - what awaste of time!I was just installing a larger hard drive andupdating the Service Pack of Windows XP . Thesource and destination PC was the same PC!Yet , using Easy PC Transfer 's deferred migrationoption to create a self-extracting executableresulted in an exe file that could not beextracted on the destination PC!And do n't even think you can return this softwareto StompSoft if you bought it through Amazon.You can only return products purchased on their -LRB- StompSoft 's -RRB- web site !
 I bought this program so I could move all my old computer to my new computer . Wow this program sounds like a piece of cake NOT!Well , it did not work at all . It moved some things just enough to make a mess . It just brought over pieces and parts of different programs . So I thought OK I will just use the undo that the program says works soooooooo great ! NOT !!! It would not undo the mess it made on my new computer . So I had to do a complete reinstall on my new computer to set it back up to the original factory settings . I then had to to just start all over again this time without the so called Easy PC Transfer . I just had to to it the old fashion way one program at a time . So I would advise using the program for target practice only . That is all it is good for . Also there is NO RETURN on it so I am just stuck ! All I got was taken for $ 40.00 and a lot of headaches .
 I tried every way that the instructions said to transfer data from my wifes old computer to her new one . I selected the files I wanted to move and created the `` executable '' file on her old laptop desktop . The new one would not work with it . I tried it live and still no progress . Finally I gave up and my wife preceded to copy her Favorites by hand and then enter them into her new favorite list . It was the same with her address book . What a pain . This software makes big promises but no results . Save your money and use Windows program . I wish I had .
 They are window tools that you can use to do pretty much the same thing as this software . Try researching FAST or Backup / -LRB- restore -RRB- for windows . You should be able to find both these tools in the System tools folder . I would try using the help and support , to understand how to use the tools . I hope this helps .
 Some things can not be improved upon . Unfortunately , Creatures is one of them . The original game was brilliant and fun , but each new version and expansion is worse than the previous one , with this one being boring and unplayable . I was a huge fan , and this is a huge disappointment.Warning - Half of this game is completely inaccessible since the company 's server no longer exists . So you will be able to play the basic game but not the Exodus part .
 I 'm a big fan of cute breeding animal type games . The Sims Pets , the little chao in the Sonic games , and Viva Pinata are all great.Honestly , Creatures was dissapointing . It does n't come with instructions , and it does n't have that `` walk you through it tutorial '' thing that most games have . It was too hard to figure out how to operate it . Typing text controls is just clunky.In all fairness , I think the concept is great and if someone was willing to put a few hours into learning the controls , it might be a neat game . But as far as pick-up-and-go factor , I was bored and frustrated within 30 minutes and have n't played it again since .
 SuSE 8.1 does not support RAID . Would not recommend it for servers or anything else with HW RAID or needing RAID support . Try alternate distrobution -LRB- RH 8 Personal or Pro will work and can be used on a server w/RAID -RRB- It is a great product . But , only if you plan on using it on a PC/Laptop -LRB- without SCSI or HW RAID -RRB- Recommend anyone wanting to evaluate this product , go to linuxiso.org and download the various free distrobutions and determine which flavor of Linux is best for their tastes .
 Great Product , but SuSE staff has a long way to go make SuSE Linux even better than Redhat .
 I have Windows 95 and it does n't work well with that version , even though they say it does . It was difficult and time consuming to install due to numerous error messages . It uses a lot of memory . When I did use it , it was very complex and slow because of the constant searching for information . I am returning this and will purchase a different software product .
 This is an OK product . I 've used Map-N-Go for several years and Street Atlas basically is road travel software with street level capability . I just bought it , and tried it . If you are using it for city to city funtions , it will do fine . If you are using it primarily for street to street , it might raise your blood pressure . I tried it for my city , Seattle . I mapped from the airport to my house . It referenced a street for departing the airport that was not apparent at the airport . Then it directed me to take a road off of the highway exit that did not exist . I ran Yahoo map with the same stuff . It gave a flawless performance , using the same signs/postings that are at the airport and it gave the proper street to exit to my home . The next day we used it to map about 8 houses on our house hunting list to look at . Several times it referenced street names that were not posted or not commonly used . Bottom line , if I had been given a trial first , no question that this software funtions poorly on the street level . Your mileage may vary .
 I had a problem with Microsoft Streets & Trips and when I reported the missing address - not just the library at the address , but the entire section of a major street in a county seat - and I got a `` Mailbox Full '' error from Microsoft , I figured what the heck , go with the map specialists , and they have a 30 day money back guarantee . Hey , how bad can it be . How can they go wrong . Boy , was I wrong!Step 1 - In the installation , they do n't ask you if you want to install the data in addition to the program . With modern mega-gigabyte drives , that is a no-brainer . Step 2 - I track down how to load the data disk , following the steps to the letter.Step 3 - I start the program and I am told that the data disk is missing . Duh , guys , you just told me how to load it . Esc , esc , esc ... ad nauseaum . . I get to the program.Step 4 - I will be doing a lot of local travel researching a book so I 'm not worried about hotels , restaurants , ATMs , etc. so I want to know how to find libraries . Oh ... that 's not in our standard list of interesting places . I 'll admit that they do have beautiful maps and it was pretty cool to just choose Public Libraries when I did find the search feature.Step 4 - My God , what kind of interface is this ?? I thought the tabs at the bottom would be cool , but as much I as I used to hate Windows , sometimes I flipped through all the tabs and did not have a clue , not a clue where to find things beyond the first level of menu.As someone mentioned earlier about not being a computer dummy , I have been a PC software analyst since the late 70s covering packages in CP/M , DOS , W3 .1 , Win98 and Win2k . I have frequently had to pick up packages with no manual and no instruction . This is one of the clumsiest interfaces I have ever seen.Within 30 minutes of installing this package , I was packing it up for return . I do n't mind paying the shipping and handling and tracking fees just to get this piece of tripe off my computer.I hate to be mean to these guys so I wo n't call them and say `` WHAT were you thinking ?? ''
 This software was the most user unfriendly impotent waste of time I have ever encountered.It is almost impossible to begin of end a route at a specific street address . It has to be first in the software 's list of places , such as flower shops and tourist traps -LRB- who have paid to advertise , no doubt . -RRB- It never semms to find an address more specific than a block . It also has no provision for automatically putting stops along a route in an optimized order.I 'd reccoment Microsoft 's product . It PAINS me to admit it , but it is more useful.It seems that DeLorme engineers think that the world revolves around where they think you might want to shop . I could n't get it to stop trying to find business whose names most closely resembled the address for which I was looking . Lest one believe me computer impaired , I assure I am not . I was programming in COBOL when these engineers where in diapers.I have a hard time restraining the profanity which is foremost on my tongue when offering a description of this electronic tripe .
 I had a problem with Microsoft Streets & Trips and when I reported the missing address - not just the library at the address , but the entire section of a major street in a county seat - and I got a `` Mailbox Full '' error from Microsoft , I figured what the heck , go with the map specialists , and they have a 30 day money back guarantee . Hey , how bad can it be . How can they go wrong . Boy , was I wrong!Step 1 - In the installation , they do n't ask you if you want to install the data in addition to the program . With modern mega-gigabyte drives , that is a no-brainer . Step 2 - I track down how to load the data disk , following the steps to the letter.Step 3 - I start the program and I am told that the data disk is missing . Duh , guys , you just told me how to load it . Esc , esc , esc ... ad nauseaum . . I get to the program.Step 4 - I will be doing a lot of local travel researching a book so I 'm not worried about hotels , restaurants , ATMs , etc. so I want to know how to find libraries . Oh ... that 's not in our standard list of interesting places . I 'll admit that they do have beautiful maps and it was pretty cool to just choose Public Libraries when I did find the search feature.Step 4 - My God , what kind of interface is this ?? I thought the tabs at the bottom would be cool , but as much I as I used to hate Windows , sometimes I flipped through all the tabs and did not have a clue , not a clue where to find things beyond the first level of menu.As someone mentioned earlier about not being a computer dummy , I have been a PC software analyst since the late 70s covering packages in CP/M , DOS , W3 .1 , Win98 and Win2k . I have frequently had to pick up packages with no manual and no instruction . This is one of the clumsiest interfaces I have ever seen.Within 30 minutes of installing this package , I was packing it up for return . I do n't mind paying the shipping and handling and tracking fees just to get this piece of tripe off my computer.I hate to be mean to these guys so I wo n't call them and say `` WHAT were you thinking ?? ''
 This is the most useless piece of software that I have bought in the last ten years . The only thing I can compare it to is a DOS application
 Fairfield 's marketing is much better than their engineering . There are eight units with 11 or 12 lessons each . Each lesson has 10 parts . And each part has 4 phrases or sentences , arranged as picture -LRB- or cartoon -RRB- squares -LRB- sometimes related , sometimes not -RRB- . In the preview for each each part , one selects a square and the phrase is uttered . Unfortunately the Hebrew is plastered on top of the picture , thereby preventing certain details from being decipherable . There is no English translation provided , nor are there any grammar lessons . One can not click on a word to get its meaning . So what happens is that one has to make a guess as to the meaning , which may or may not be correct . In the guided exercises , the program rapidly goes through each of the four pictures , then you get quizzed . In the speaking section , you must mimic the speaker as best you can -- but the Hebrew phrase is not displayed on the screen . Even worse , the voice frequency display does not readily halt . All in all , this product needs a lot of work before I will recommend it .
 I downloaded the 30-day trial version of this software because of the new HDR -LRB- high dynamic range -RRB- feature . When I found this feature would not work -LRB- all functions on the screen were grayed out and not available for selecting -RRB- I figured it was just disabled in the trial version . I installed the trial software on another computer and the HDR functionality worked ! I then installed it on a 3rd computer , where it did not work , and on a 4th computer where it was successful . During the 4 installs no errors of any kind were encountered . Although I did get one short response to my first email to Ulead support subsequent Emails to Ulead asking about this problem were not returned because they do n't support trial software . The first email response confirmed that the trial software is `` fully functioning '' and they also said `` consider that it is not compatible with your system ... '' . Well , all 4 of the computers I put it on are new , comparable Dell 3.4 Ghz machines running Windows XP and there seems to be no rhyme or reason for 2 of them to work and 2 to fail . Since it does n't work on my OWN computer I 'm not willing to buy it -LRB- once you 've downloaded the trial software all you do to purchase is send the $ $ and activate the license key on your already installed software -RRB- . From what I 've read on the public Ulead web forums I am not the first one to experience this problem , and the others who did were not able to get help or find a solution either . I have heard from other users that Ulead tech support is not that great , so if the trial software does n't work as expected do n't expect any resolution once you spend your money for a registered version.If you do n't want to take advantage of the newest feature , the HDR functionality , then maybe this is not a concern for you but if this feature does n't work 2 out of 4 times , what else might be wrong with this software ? I will say that compared to other photo editing software I use such as PSP 8 and PSE 2 this one takes a TON more of RAM , making it perform very S-L-O-W-L-Y , even on a 3.4 Ghz P4 with 1GB of DDR RAM . Still , if the HDR feature worked I would probably buy it and just take a walk when I was waiting for the program to respond -LRB- BTW , on the 2 computers where the HDR feature worked you would wait upwards of 15 minutes for it to finish altering a 3 MP jpeg photo -RRB- . Very disappointing . If Ulead just posted the solution to the problem on their website where trial users could see it -LRB- if there is a solution -RRB- that would be all that is needed to let people successfully evaluate this product . Obviously they do n't read or do n't care about the product problems posted on their own web forums .
 There are a lot of nice usability features in this product over Studio 8 , but I have had consistent rendering hangs on every single project that I have created using captured digital video.This means you will never be able produce a DVD , hence the product is basically worthless unless Pinnacle steps up to the plate and fixes the problem.Hope they do .
 I 'm running the latest Pinnacle Studio 10 . This software crashes so frequently that I would seriously question this company 's ability to stay solvent over the next couple years . My hardware and software exceeds all of Pinnacle 's requirements . I have wasted hours due to quirky and irratic behavior of this software . I 'm not going to go into excruciating detail here because there appear to be a LOT of one-star reviews . I 've read most of them and suggest you do so as well . Trust the one-star reviewers . It 's too bad there 's not a no-star rating .
 Terrible product from a truly awful company . Do yourself a favor and just do n't enter the world of frustration that is Pinnacle Systems . I hope this company goes out of business soon .
 The Pinnacle Studio Media Suite box states that Studio requires a `` DirectShow compatible video capture device . '' My capture device should therefore have worked , but it did n't . Capturing using another program and then importing to Studio did n't work either . BEST BUY WOULD N'T TAKE IT BACK BECAUSE OF `` COPYRIGHT LAWS . '' When I contacted customer service at Pinnacle , they sent me a short list of compatible capture devices that is not listed on their website or product box . -LRB- Their competitor , Ulead , does have a compatibility list on their website -RRB- . The compatible capture devices , as you might guess , are almost all made by Pinnacle . So therefore I have to buy a capture device bundled with Studio , which I 've already paid for once , or buy a Dazzle capture device -LRB- made by Pinnacle -RRB- , which reviews say is worthless . You would think that Pinnacle would provide a list of compatible capture devices on their web site -LRB- as Ulead does -RRB- or on the box , but they do n't . They clearly put making a profit before customer satisfaction and obviously do n't worry about causing their customers a lot of frustration . I 've got $ 142.99 -LRB- I bought the Media Suite -RRB- worth of software here that is essentially worthless !
 I WORKED AND WORKED WITH TECH HELP TRYING TO INSTALL STUDIO 9 PLUS THAT CAME WITH MOVIEBOX DELUXE.I HAVE NEVER HAD ANYONE TELL ME TO TRY TO INSTALL IT IN THE SAFE MODE . OF COURSE I AM AN IDIOT , SO I DID , AND OF COURSE THE INSTALLER STILL WOULD NOT FINISH THE JOB.THEY SAID YOU MUST HAVE A BAD DISC . I SAID I DO N'T THINK SO.I HAVE A TWO HOUR DRIVE TO RETURN THIS JUNK TO BEST BUY .
 I used studio 8 for a couple of years and never had a problem and so never had to call the support folks . I purchased stuidio 9plus and had problems that should have been easily resolved if the tech support was competent . 5 hours on the phone being kicked between one support then to another , only to be shipped back to customer service I was told to delete cookies , restart my computer , and still no go . nada . zero help . I ended up uninstalling and then reinstalling the program . it finally took . then I made the mistake of purchasing plug-ins . it was a horror . the activation keys sent to me at the time of purchase did n't work . back through the cycle of customer and tech support . only to finally get the recorded message that tech support was closed for the evening.I 'm out $ 120 . for plug-ins that look good in the demo window . ... hope that maybe tomorrow some help will come.march 2005 . Once I finally got through to a tech support person who cared , the problems were resolved and I had no further problems . In additon I was re-imbursed $ $ for mischarges on plugins . I 'm using PS9 + and am satisfied with the product - finally .
 Do not buy anything from Pinnacle . Their software deceptively leads you to believe that you need to purchase further programs to burn DVDs . I did so and got incorrect activation codes twice before requesting a refund which they have refused to give even though the product does not work and meets their advertised return policy . I have filed a formal complaint with the Federal Trade Commission for deceptive trade policies and knowingly offering defective products .
 this software is terrible , slow , hangs teh computer when rendering , buggy and worst of all you have to pay for it ! NO-way ... . after trying to use it i realised it was quicker to edit it manually tape to tape ! I have tried it on 3 different computers and it is terrible , all 3 high performance computers behave like a computer form 1980 when i try to run this program.im not even going to write anymore its terrible !!! dont buy it / .
 1 star is already giving face to this product ! If I had my own way with the rating system , it would definitely have been in the negative!I have used Pinnacle Studio versions dating back all the way to version 7 , in conjunction with my DC10 Plus capture card , which has worked pretty well for my projects . To date , I have transferred between 50 to 100 VHS-recorded tapes into VCDs successfully . However , that was with Pinnacle Studio 8 . Naturally , I had expected Studio Plus 9 to be an improvement . Little did I know I was in for a world of hurt!Installing the software -LRB- version 9.3 -RRB- was painless enough . I upgraded it to 9.3.5 , and for the first week , everything went fine . My only gripe with it then was how slow the software loaded up , with that splash screen of a smiling woman staring back at me and probably thinking , `` Yep , I just got me yet another poor sucker who 's gon na have to wait and admire me while I SLOWLY take my own sweet time loading up ! '' . Hence , the wicked smile ! Maybe it 's an inside joke . Who knows?Anyway , for those who have used previous Studio versions like 7 or 8 , most of the features will look familiar . Navigating around was easy enough -LRB- I had done it without a manual since version 7 -RRB- . That 's about the only plus side I can bother to remember right now.After the first week , the software started to crash out on me while capturing . Sometimes it would crash out after just 10 minutes , sometimes 30 minutes . It was indeed a terribly frustrating affair , not to mention the time wasted in between having to rewind and re-try again , only to end up with the same result . I have even tried uninstalling and re-installing it back again , trying it out both with and without the 9.3.5 patch . No use . It continued crashing . I finally got fed up and permanently uninstalled it.I have tried a host of third-party software , freebies and demos , and even Ulead VideoStudio 8 as well , which for some reason could n't initiate capture . I finally decided to go back to old Studio 8 -LRB- with the 8.12.7 upgrade installed -RRB- . I am not fond of the numerous patches , but unfortunately that 's the only other Studio I know which has worked fine so far with my capture card and system without any serious hitches . So I am sticking to it for now.SYSTEM
 This is a very buggy product from the editing portion to ripping the file to a codec image . I hate it . I hate it . I have the equivalent of a corvette for a computer and I have spent many hours with failure notices on the ripping portion.Also , creating chapters have some wierdness as well . You can not have sound in the sound track when placing the chapter in . Very frustrating . I am going shopping.Keep shopping folks , there has to be better software for this .
 I purchased this software to edit and burn a DVD of a vacation trip I recently took . I have a 3ghz Pentium , 1 gig of ram and plenty of hard drive space . Even with this configuration this program is painfully slow and EXTREMELY buggy and it slows to an aggravating crawl . The more you edit your movie the slower it gets ... till it reaches the point where you can barely function without massive paging , crashes and blips.Worse yet , after editing the program left gaps between clips and refused to let me finish editing the video . After 20 + hours of work I tried to burn the DVD only to have it crash repeatedly . The built in ` fixes ' like speed up/down and color correction caused even more problems . I have NEVER used a piece of software this unstable nor have I ever been so wholly disappointed with a software purchase.On the plus side - Pinnacle Studio Plus 9 is chock full of features and it has a nice interface but keep in mind - much of the content in the program still needs to be purchased as expensive addons . It also has a full auto feature . If you only want to use the auto feature Pinnacle will probably be fine but watch out if you 're going to do extensive editing.If you 're going to use this program for your home movies get ready for some serious hairpulling .
 I bought this program as a package with a USB MIDI device called MovieBox . At first I was having fun making a DVD movie of my trip to France , but after several hours of work , I tried to burn a test run on my DVD burner . When you click the `` Make Disk '' button , it goes though a process of rendering the entire movie then burns it . At lease that what it should do . My rendering would get like 50 % though the process , and then it would hang . Pinnacle solution for this was to have me reimage my Windows system and be sure I install the latest patch . So I did a clean install of Windows XP , updated the drivers and installed all the latest patches . Guess what , I still had an issue with the rendering locking up on me . So after going to the Pinnacle Forms , I find that everyone else is having this problem also . It seem that some people are working fine with the standard 9.3.5 version , but once the patch is applied for 9.4.3 , that when the rendering issues comes into play . I would n't purchase this product until they get it fixed .
 It 's my fault really . I should have researched the product more thoroughly before I purchased it . If you go to their support site you 'll see that there are problems beyond counting in all of their software . My particular problem came when after capturing and editing a video imagine my surprise when I tried to burn it to DVD but was told that my burner was not detected . I sent an email for tech support and received an answer that told me that I should uninstall any other burning software that I might have on my system plus do an uninstall and reinstall of the Studio Plus . I then had to modify my system registry and run another patch from them plus run their latest system upgrade patch . Guess what ? It still could n't detect the burner . Another email to them to show my frustration got me another fix of nearly two pages of instructions . Uninstalling and reinstalling again with other considerations . Still no burner detection.How a company could put a product so poorly programmed that it can not detect system hardware is beyond belief . I very nice system with gigs of memory and am familiar with trouble-shooting various computer problems and I have become totally frustrated with this software . Can you imagine how a computer operator with little experience would feel in the same situation ? Pinnacle should be ashamed to put this kind of product on the market . Stay away ! Stay away ! Stay away !
 Good program BUT ... Beware the greenscreen portion of the program.Somehow it modified -LRB- read that as corrupted -RRB- a codex or dll or something on my system so that now all video players -LRB- WinDVD , Media player -LRB- old and new -RRB- , etc - except QuickTime , it plays them fine -RRB- play ALL my movie clips -LRB- of various types -RRB- with removed colors . I had gone into the greenscreen area to ` play ' with video behind video - and there is a portion where you can ` remove ' colors ... I did , thought it was interesting , closed that clip -LRB- did NOT save any changes -RRB- opened a new one to edit and - Whoops ... the new clip had the same colors I removed from the first clip as missing !!! I tried restarting - no change . Being worried that maybe it had effected all my clips , I e-mailed the company . They suggested removal of the program and reinstalling ... I removed it but have not had the 45 min of time it takes to re-install the program . So , now over a week and a half of daily back and forth e-mails I STILL have some file corrupted on my system and their current suggestion is to make sure that my computer is updated and reinstall DirectX , vid drivers , etc -LRB- I did all of that but have not re-install their software or tried reinstalling my Windows XP ... I think they are trying to stretch this out so I can not return the Capture card and program within 30 days of purchaseOk , I figured out what the issue was , told the company and they then replied to me that they figured out what the problem was and gave me back the work around that I had given them ... at least the issue was resolved.In a nutshell , something in their program had changed the video overlay setting in the control panel -LRB- Nvidia -RRB- and saturated all movies . by resetting the overlay section the problem was fixed ... The program support people had blamed everything about my system and even after I found a work around they still blamed others -LRB- like Nvidia -RRB- but I -LRB- and now you -RRB- know something in their program did in the system .
 I bought this video editing software of Pinnacle Studio 9 Plus last month . It looked great when you see this product . It will definitely trick and disappoint you when you buy this 99 dollars product and it is certainly a rip off ~ no joke ! It was a horrible nightmare when I continued buying additional video and audio tools , and effects , including numerous features such as title tools when they asked me to do more video editing and pay more for making a small movie . Some of them were unworkable . I spent over one thousand dollars for this video editing software in order to make a good simple movie . Their tech support was very unreliable and poor service . I tried to contact tech support of Pinnacle Studio by email , and phone contact . Their phone numbers were incorrect and no answering response from email -LRB- several times -RRB- . You 'll frustrate with this Pinnacle Studio 9 Plus . It is not worth for your investment of these Pinnacle products . Our suggestion
 I bought this software on the recommendation of a coworker . I have spent hours trying to get it to do anything useful , with no success whatsoever . I can not understand how to import video from a file into the program . Nothing works . If anyone would explain how to do it , I would be very grateful . Thanks .
 Pinnacle 's Studio is garbage ! It is 90 % spam and 10 % video `` Capturer '' . You ca n't even import movies from your hard drive to edit them ! That is ridiculous ! Updating is a nightmare . For instance , I just went to `` activate '' the product for update/upgrades and it says my serial number is invalid even though it was accepted during the installation . I tried to capture videos from my digital video camera and it crashes the computer just trying to open the folder these movies are in on the flash memory card . This is the third time I have installed this garbage and once I remove it this time the disks are going in the trash along with the ~ $ 100 I spent for it . Never again , Pinnacle ! I repeat , do not buy anything from Pinnacle or you 'll regret it . Peace . BTW , as another member stated , this software is not even worth pirating or warezing .
 I bought the product thinking I can do some editing , titles etc. , and make the home videos look more professional . Was I wrong ? Every step of the way was a nightmare . The software hangs a lot , when it works i.e. , after 8 or 10 hours , the product is not always consistent . Meaning , it may have some kind of DVD-error and will not play . All it will do is `` Incorrect '' when you pop the DVD or cd into the drive and will not play on a DVD player . I tried working with support and the answers were usually pointing towards a uninstall and reinstall , or install this patch or that . It seems to work because after putting so much time and effort , you want it to work . But , for no reason a few days later , it does not work again . It starts hanging or rendering and hogs cpu . All in all , it is the worst product I ever bought . Support is bad to say the least . No real support . I hardly made 5 to 7 DVDs or CDs - and wasted atleast 50 cds or dvds on the way to see why this setting worked or not worked.Avoid this product or anything from Pinnacle if possible .
 The full install of the Pinnacle Studio 9 software crashed two of our top-of-the-line computers every time we tried to install it , necessitating nightmarish uninstallation procedures and re-installation with just the barebones `` Compact Install '' . And even then it took a couple of lengthy calls to tech support just to get audio capture working . And they charge you $ 25 a pop after the first call even though that first one did n't help us at all!Now that we are trying to re-install Pinnacle Studio 9 after a hard-drive crash , we are told that this dreadful software is `` no longer supported '' by Pinnacle ! It has already crashed our new hard-drive on the first install , and after the second install , it produces no audio -LRB- just like on our first machine -RRB- . But to be fair , we must add that for a mere $ 70 we can `` upgrade '' from this catastrophic rip-off and get Pinnacle 's support again ! Oh , what a generous offer.We will never purchase any Pinnacle product again .
 Just to try and help others avoid the problems I 've had . This programme has eaten hours and hours of my time . Not only with crashes but also sound problems and rendering freezes and all sorts . I 've wasted hours with tech support and despite my best efforts and following all their long and arduous suggestions none of the 3 major problems have been solved . I simply can not produce an edited movie with it . I 'm just about to give up after 5 long hard months of persistence and buy a different package . My system is 3.4 GHz and 250 GB with 1024 RAM .
 I had high hopes for this software despite the poor reviews but alas , they were dead on . It is slow quirky and troublesome , even after installing the updates . I have given up and am now using Adobe Premiere which runs circles around this `` bottleneck '' of a product . On top of selling a bad product , they would not send me my rebate , claiming I neglected to send the bar code off the box which I did . I will never purchase another Pinnacle product !
 Pinnacle studio 9 plus media suite was highly recommended on CNET and other sites . I bought it at COMPUSA and got it up and running . I was initially very impressed by the great editing capabilities . I produced 3 movies quickly and efficiently . I spent a lot of time moving DV tape media into Pinnacle . Then , just when I had gone up the learning curve on this software and was starting to like it , it turned into a nightmare . After spending a few hours making another video , the software kept crashing while trying to render . It would work and work on it for hours and then hang . Very frustrating . The support from Pinnacle is horrible . Basically they tell you to wipe out your whole hard drive and reformatt-riiight , like I 'm going to do that . My system is a fairly new top of the line system , so there should be no problem with the computer resources . The amount of bugs in this software is inexcusable and really a shame . The UI is well planned out and would be very nice software for video editing , if it were not for all the bugs.I switched to Adobe Premiere . The learning curve for this software was a bit steeper , it is not as intuitive , but it does run rock solid . I highly recommend the Adobe software over the Pinnacle . You may see some positive reviews of Pinnacle here , but believe me , they just have not hit the trap yet and been hit by the bugs and rendering hangs of this atrocious software . Trust me , I have never written a software review on Amazon before , but felt compelled due to how bad the experience with this software has been . Complete frustration and anger .
 I think this program would work great if I had a better computer . Please do n't waste your time using this unless you have at least 2 gigs of RAM , a fast processor , and a decent video card . Otherwise , you are going to be very , very frustrated .
 I am putting together a highlight film for recruiting for my brother . Installation and program ran kind of smoothly up to the point of rendering . Mind you that I have 10 minutes of video to render and complete , not a big deal . I am running a 1.3 GHZ laptop with 4 Gig of memory left , the output mpeg file will be 101.3 MB , which is n't even that much.Rendering is where the trouble began . After 27 hours of rendering , leaving it run overnight and not being able to work on my laptop at all , it still has not completed the rendering process . I figured my movie would be ready after the movie had reached the end , then it says `` making movie in progress '' with the taskbar still moving . I waited 27 more hours , and still not done . I give up ! I have done this 3 times , and 50 + hours of rendering still did not complete a 10 minute video ! I had downloaded all updates and still no avail of a finished product.Customer service is no help at all , saying that it is my hardware when it actually meets and exceeds all requirements . Please do us a favor and not buy from this company until they come out with a product that works .
 Once the industry leader of digital video editing software , Pinnacle Systems is now a total train wreck , obviously the result of blatant mismanagement . It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out what has gone wrong with this once reputable company that is now operating at a loss -LRB- lost $ 615,000.00 last quarter -RRB- ... Pinnacle Studio 6 was the first digital editing software I had ever used . It was stable , easy to use , and reliable . I used it on a number of training film projects that I produced for a high tech company without issue.Last year , when I decided it was time to produce my first direct to video feature , the last thing I was worried about was what software I needed to use to edit my film . I purchased a brand new computer with a Radeon All in Wonder VE and Pinnacle Studio 8 . I realized that I might need to upgrade to Pinnacles Liquid software to handle a 90 minute video , but I figured I 'd start editing with Studio 8 , and then upgrade to Liquid if Studio 8 was over worked compiling a 90 minute video . Well , I never even got that far ... Studio 8 had so many bugs , glitches lock ups , crashes , etc. , that it proved to be utterly useless for any size project at all . I could n't even get through 9 minutes of video . Upon visiting Pinnacle 's user forums , it became obvious that everyone who had purchased Studio 8 was experiencing the same problems that I had experienced and , as pathetic as it sounds , Pinnacle 's advice to it 's customers for resolving all of these problems was upgrading to Studio 9 . Studio 8 was a complete and total train wreck with every car derailed and burning to a crisp with no hope of ever salvaging it . Yes , it seemed that they had `` forgotten '' to test this particular version of Studio , and they released it long before it was ready for consumer use . In fact , most of the problems could n't even be fixed so they gave up on it and released Studio 9 forcing all of their customers to upgrade or go elsewhere ... Call me gullible , but after my initial positive experiences with earlier versions of Studio , I went ahead and forked out another C Note for Studio 9 Plus and was looking forward to getting back on track , just like the good ole days ... Well , I could go into details of all the problems I 'm having with Studio 9 , and all of the procedures that the support folks have given me for uninstalling , regdeleting , removing files , reinstalling , not being able to re-register , not being able to load SmartSound files to my HDD , not being able to re-install , etc. , but I will just cut to the chase and say the only thing that really matters at this point ... After 4 months and 2 new versions of Pinnacle Studio , and many frustrating hours spent trying to make this software work , I do n't have a single frame of my project completed.I 'm throwing in the towel , and going with Sony Vegas 6 , a professional level editing package similar to Pinnacle Liquid , but with a reputation for being reliable . Who knows , maybe Liquid is a good product , but after my experience with Studio , I 'd have to be an idiot to spend another dime on this company . Pinnacle Systems has lost another customer . I will be buying digital editing software for the rest of my life , and Pinnacle Systems wont be providing me with any of it.So what has gone wrong with Pinnacle Systems?It 's not the employees . The support team really does seem like they 're desperately trying to help the customers to get their software working , but they are trying to support products that were not ready to be released.The problem at Pinnacle Systems is clearly an upper management problem that can be summarized in two words ; greed and folly.Greed ... It is obvious that management is pushing their programmers to release products with new features and special effects so that they can release new versions of the software to increase revenue . That 's all fine and good , as long as you are releasing a quality product.Folly ... Unfortunately , they are in such a hurry to release these new versions they are not taking time to test the products and resolve issues , effectively turning their customers into test subjects who must then try to work with the support team to resolve all of the problems that were n't worked out prior to release . Pinnacle Systems management clearly has demonstrated a lack of good common sense , a lack of understanding their customers needs , and a lack of foresight as customers are leaving in droves to find reliable software.Who knows ... Maybe the investors will wise up and elect some board members that have a clue ...
 This Pinnacle group group should be absolutly ashamed of themselves . Not only that , they should be sued for releasing such utter and complete garbage . I am even now still disgusted after spending 4 hours of error filled , bug infested time editing some old home movies . I will get the good out of the way first . The prgram does capture video nicely . Thats probably more to do with my video card of course but I had to say something good about this software since from that point on it was all downhill . I had previously used Adobe premeire but this was recommended to me by a friend . I might add he is going to be an ex friend if he keeps hoisting crap like this upon me . What a waste of time . All the work and effort slogging through this program , the easiest taskes made into labourous efforts that would make the egyptian pyramid builders proud . The storyline mode is useless so i switched to the timeline mode hoping for some love . It was one frustration after another . Everything from importing music -LRB- the program decided it would rather create its own crappy soundtrack rather than let me choose what I would like to put in -RRB- to simple cutting and deleting of files was met with either an error or lack of functionality . Of course they provide all these transistions but they are watermarked abd demand upgrades . Dam you pinnacle ! Do n't sit there and claim to probvide these things and then after we buy the software tell us its only demo 's and that hollywood FX would be happy to remove the watermarks for a fee ! And then after finally finishing my editing I find that there are errors in the rendering and I ca n't export the video . I have an amd athlon 3000 + chip , 1 gigabyte of dual channeled ddr ram and an ati 9600Xt video card ! This rendering error certainly is n't due to a lack of hardware ... its yet another dam programming flaw ! What an utter waste of time ! I am taking this burning bag of feces right back to the store tommorow and demanding my money back !
 I bought a Dazzle 150 analog video capture device and it came with Pinnacle Studio 9.3 SE . Capturing from the device was abreeze . I did n't encounter any problems and the quality was quite good . Things started to look pretty bad when I startedediting , however . At first , by adding a few existing MPEG-1 files to my storyboard , I was able to produce somewhat of a movieand with transitions in between . However , once I got to about 20 clips , my system started getting bogged down performancewise . Anything I did in Studio 9 took about 5 minutes to accomplish - and I mean anything ! From a keystroke to a mouse click , every single input action I gave Studio 9 took forever to complete . What was Studio 9 doing ? Who knows ! I did some researchon the Internet and found a suggestion someone made regarding turning off background rendering , so I did . I still had thesame problem . Everything I did took forever for Studio 9 to process . It 's not like I told it to make the movie , I was simplydoing things like inserting transitions , moving a clip from one position in the storyboard to another , and simply clicking onan existing storyboard clip . After about the 25th video clip , Studio 9 now took about 30 minutes to do any little thing . It ` snot like I have an old , slow system either . I have a P4 3.0 GHz hyperthreaded , 1GB DDR400 RAM , 120GB SATA HD , ATI Radeon 128MBvideo card , Windows XP Professional system ! Now that 's pretty fast ! There should be no reason for Studio 9 to have to take30 minutes to do something in response to a simple mouse click on an existing storyboard video clip!So , in an effort to resolve this issue , I decided to go to Pinnacle 's website and see if there were any patches available fordownload . There was
 Let me preface this with saying that I have never writen a review -LRB- let alone a scathing one -RRB- about any product in my entire life . However , after spending countless unecessary hours trying to put together a movie for my family out of a vacation we took using Pinnacle , I can confidentely say this is by far the worst software experience I have ever had in my life . Ok lets do a check list ... brand new computer . check . brand new camcorder . check . reasonably knowledgable computer skills . check . With things weighted in my favor I should be making movies like a pro . However the program has crashed on me so many times that I have had to literally scrap hours of material -LRB- via a corrupt unusuable file -RRB- and start over again . Oh and yes I have installed all of the current patches . It has gotten to the point were I almost have developed superstitious behaviors towards running the program -LRB- ok if I sacrifice this llama to the Pinnacle gods ... . the movie will finally render properly -RRB- . I am irate ... to the point of ranting and pleading for people not to purchase this product -LRB- at least for my sake ... Who cares if it works for you ... Kidding -RRB- . I am definitely going to buy another movie software and I suggest you do as well save your time and money on this worthless piece of software diarrhea .
 I want to thank everyone who wrote these reviews . I was all set -LRB- credit card out -RRB- to buy Studio Plus v. 9 until I saw dreadful review after dreadful review . The company clearly does n't care about customers and it 's come back to bite them in that I wo n't be purchasing ANY Pinnacle product after what I just read . That 's at least one sale gone and hours of trouble saved . Thanks !
 Bought this software with great expectations converting my home videos to DVD . Looking for basic stuff , transfer the files , add some simple transitions and a menu . Nothing fancy.First installing was a challenge . The patch , 9.3.5 crashed the program and had to go through all sorts of hoops to install it.Second , learned I could not use the video imput on my new Sony Media computer . Has to buy the Dazzle product from guess who -- Pinnacle . Also came with the software I already bought.Ok , now I am ready . Spend hours transfering the videos . Put it together with menus , and transitions . Burn the DVD . To my surprise , the sound is badly out of sync with the video . Learned that this happens if you add transitions and menus . The menus did n't even work all the time.Buy this at your own risk . Be prepared to spend hours getting started -LRB- if you are lucky -RRB- . Then , get ready for horrible results . Pinnacle should be ashamed to sell this garbage.I ca n't understand why all the reviews in magazines like this program . They obviously did not test it .
 A couple of years ago I started with Studio Version 7 . I loved the capabilities and ease of editing , particularly the automatic generation of a soundtrack to match the length of a clip , but despite having hardware that far exceeds their requirements , I was frustrated with frequent problems , particularly hangs . I read their user forums and applied workarounds , downloaded beta versions for their fixes , and was eventually able to get out a video , but it was a maddening process . I then made the mistake of paying for an upgrade to Studio 8 . The same issues , to the point that it takes several minutes to respond to almost any mouseclick . Searching the consumer forum for Studio 9 at www.pinnaclesys.com for `` hang '' or `` freeze '' , it looks like it 's more of the same.I recently bought Adobe 's Premiere Elements in a package with Photoshop Elements . It was n't completely smooth sailing
 I 've never written a review on ANY product in my life but I 'm on a bit of a mission here -LRB- I 've added reviews Buy.com , Amazon and Bizrate -RRB- . I 've finally given up on Pinnacle Studio 9 and I recommend that you read below as to why.I 've owned studio for about 3 years now . I used it for editing home video . I first owned Studio 8 and actually liked the product . Then I purchased an analog card with Studio 9 packaged with it so I could capture some old home movies we have on VCR . Once I upgraded to Studio 9 the software became very unstable . Then I upgraded to Pinnacle 's latest version 9.3.5 and it operated even worse - it does n't run . I 've run this software on both Windows 2000 and XP . This is not an operating system issue like Pinnacle may lead you to believe on their website - their product is just extremely unstable on certain systems -LRB- I 've run it on three Dell laptops - D600 , C600 and now a M60 -RRB- . I 've followed all of Pinnacle 's and the User Group instructions and advice -LRB- reinstall , regdelete , etc. -RRB- . My advice to you is DO N'T BOTHER . Check out Pinnacle 's website FAQs and User Groups - it is loaded with people with the same problem.I finally gave up this weekend after spending about 10 hours of trying to get the software running properly . I purchased Movie Box hoping that the Studio 9 Plus software would take care of the problems Studio 9 - it had the exact same problems.Yesterday , I went on the web , did some research and identified Ulead and Vegas as good alternatives . I downloaded both free trial versions . I 've had absolutely NO problems with either besides learning the nuances of the their program . I 've capture a one hour VCR tape using both programs -LRB- ~ 13 GB file -RRB- and did editing on both - again , with NO problems !! After reviewing both products , I 'm likely going to purchase Vegas by Sony - I like the interface a bit better but both are MUCH , MUCH , MUCH better than Studio 9 because of the stability issues .
 I bought this becauase I thought the company had a good reputation . It turns out it does not work properly with Windows XP Service Pack 2 and 64-bit CPUs . What was even worse is the support . It takes days to get a reply and then they did not even pay attention to my issue but just gave me their best guess . The only good part was the uninstall . I have my computer back to working . Good-bye Pinnacle .
 I started with Studio8 and have progressed up to this latest version . I guess I assumed that since they were upgrading the product that all the bugs were going to be fixed . I was really trying to remain loyal to the brand , mostly because of the huge time investment that I have in the software.The bugs that this software has are not minor bugs that are an inconvience , they are major bugs that should have been caught by the manufacture prior to release.I honestly thought that all the old `` pain in the rear '' bugs were going to be fixed in this new upgrade and I `` once again '' found myself purchasing upgrades for a product that ends up making more coasters than actual finished DVD 's . I just want to add that I have installed the latest patches for this version and have all the top of the line hardware installed in my pc , and this product does STILL not work!Please do yourself a favor and visit the Pinnacle Software website and under the support tab \ product support \ studio version 9 \ user forums , click on any of the technical support forums and see ALL of the issues that people are having with this terrible product.Customer support is terrible and you are pretty much left on your own to find a workaround.There are many other strong products in the market that are MUCH better than this !
 This is the buggiest piece of software I have ever owned . Multiple crashes under varied situations . I installed the 9.3.5 patch -LRB- even the installation was buggy -RRB- , but it did n't solve the problems of repeated crashes during DVD burning . I have gobs of RAM and storage , as recommended . The manual even has troubleshooting tips for situation after situation like , `` Studio crashes when ... '' Trouble is , the solutions do n't work.I agree with a previous reviewer
 I downloaded a trial version of Pinacle Studio Plus 9.3 version from the internet to try it out for 30 days before committing to a purchase . Boy , am I glad I did . Although there seem to be -LRB- theoretically -RRB- some very nice features in the package , the continual crashes on my system caused by this software made it not at all worth the effort . I have a very fast HP computer -LRB- purchased 10 months ago -RRB- with the latest Pentium processor and accessories . Nevertheless , Studio Plus continually hung up my system , causing me to lose precious data in the middle of a project.Finally , the software just `` blew up '' in the middle of my last session , and now fails to start up at all ! Did I say that I was only working up a simple `` still photo '' slide show set to music , and did not even get to some of the more complicated video streaming , conversion and editing features of the software ? Further , there is little that is intuitive about the structure of this software -- and the `` Help '' menu text is next to worthless in explaining how to use features . At this point I concede that when you actually buy the software , you 'll at least have an instruction manual ... but if it is written anything like the `` help menu , '' you 'd better start looking for a `` Pinnacle for Dummies '' book to purchase!In all , I 've wasted 2 weeks of my free time working on this junk software package . The only redeeming factor is that I did n't spend any money on it . You should n't either !
 Do not buy this software . You have to purchase seperatly -LRB- `` unlock '' -RRB- 80 % of the effects in this software . I am disgusted , no where did I read before I bought it that I would have to dish out more money to use simple effects that are FREE , FREE , FREE with other programs like ULEAD 8 . Do your homework !!! Do n't take my word for it look on the Pinnacle website in the forum section . Everyone is bashing the software . Even Amazon only gives it 2 stars . YOU DO N'T REALLY GET THE EFFECTS YOU HAVE TO BUY THEM SEPERATE !!!!!!!
 I have yet to get a single project to render on the first try . The audio gets hung up and distorted . You get what you pay for with this program . If you want to do 10 second spots , you might be able to use this program , but for anything else , it 's worthless.I 'm moving on to Adobe Premier Pro ...
 Upgraded to latest version -LRB- 9.4.3 -RRB- but unable to create a DVD as Studio hangs when rendering . No response from Pinnacle customer services . Avoid .
 I received a version with a video camera . I paid for an upgrade and regret it . I have had nothing but problems , and I substantially exceed the minimum system requirements . Capturing drops frames and I often have to capture in light version of Ulead Studio then edit in Studio 9 . About half the time it freezes . One project I created freezes on the same frame every time . I can break out that part of the video and have no problem in writing that to a DVD file . But if I put the same clip in a project that uses several clips , it freezes . I am a professional computer troubleshooter and am very disappointed in this .
 I 'm still laughing at the mind reader who can discern from these online reviews -- and the brief windows into folks ' personalities they provide -- who has , and has n't , installed the 9.4 patch.Condescend much?About to get another new PC , and new video editing software , I thought I 'd scan the internet for ideas on what * non-Pinnacle * software to get . After a good hour reading about Ulead , Vegas , Adobe , et al , I wound up here -LRB- no search engine 's perfect , I suppose -RRB- . Still somewhat bitter about all the time I lost using Pinnacle , I could n't simply return to Google without first throwing in my 2 cents .1 . Once your project grows beyond a couple-splices-and-a-WAV level , Pinnacle Studio will crash often , despite having the 9.4 patch . And , no , it 's not a hardware issue . Of course , you lose everything you 've done since last saving your file -LRB- which quickly becomes second nature -RRB- , and occasionally the crashed file becomes uneditable ! You 'll find yourself saving two and three copies of the same file , for this reason alone .2 . Rendering is unreliable . Often , the rendering will freeze , and the resultant video will be a mass of useless data .3 . Burning onto DVDs -- regardless what brand DVD you use -- usually skips and often unplayable in standard DVD players . Huge , like , five-second chunks of video skipped over , sometimes much longer .4 . The Menu Building feature of Pinnacle was written by a retard . Not that the menus themselves , once created , are poor -- they 're fine . But the act itself of creating a menu involves a process more counterintuitive than breathing water , I imagine .5 . Technical support - the only thing I can recall about Pinnacle 's tech reps is the time I called about audio/video sync issues , and the guy suggested he talk me through editing my registry ... that 's right!Maybe I 'm just remembering all the bad stuff . But , if that 's the case , there 's a good reason for it.Back to Google ...
 My needs are pretty simple . I have a bunch of Hi-8 video tapes , some analog and some DV . I want to capture them , break them up into smaller DV-AVI files by date for archiving , and convert them to MPEG2 for storage and viewing on a HTPC -LRB- MCE 2005 -RRB- . No fancy editing , just splitting into smaller chunks.I bought both Pinnacle Studio Plus -LRB- patched to 9.4 -RRB- and Adobe Premiere Elements , to see which would be better . Adobe Premiere is known to be great , so I figured Elements would be worth trying , and Pinnacle has the top rating on PC Magazine/ZDNet . Turns out APE -LRB- what an acronym -RRB- is great for DV but near-useless for analog tapes ; it has no auto-split on scene change unless the date/time info is encoded on the tape -LRB- which it is for DV only -RRB- . So its good for MPEG2 rendering only in my case.Pinnacle Studio would be great for the first task -LRB- capture , split and save to smaller DV-AVI -RRB- - it has all the necessary features and is easy to use . But more often than not , when saving a subsection of the DV-AVI back to DV-AVI , it freezes part way through . You can cancel , so it has n't crashed , but it never finishes the save , so its useless . So I thought , let me see at least how its MPEG2 encoder compares to Adobe 's -LRB- which is meant to be good -RRB- . Imagine my surprise when I tried this and got told I had to purchase the MPEG2 encoder as an add-on ! At that point I realized this software is a waste of drive space and removed it . I 'm now using Windows Movie Maker 2 for capturing , splitting , and saving to DV-AVI , and using Adobe to render the smaller DV-AVI files as MPEG2 . WHat a waste of money ! Pinnacle should be ashamed of themselves selling such obviously broken software . Perhaps they need to hire some testers .
 I bought Studio AV/DV to get the analog capture card . But as far as the software
 Boy , oh boy ... WHAT a dissappointment I 've had with Studio 9.1 and 10 . 10 especially ! It takes FOREVER to load , and CONSTANTLY crashes . It 's so bad I uninstalled it and went back to 9.1 . The first couple of DVD 's I made -LRB- with 9.1 -RRB- had me on cloud 9 . I was SO pleased with everything ; transitions , title making , menu making -LRB- LOVE the motion thumbnails and motion menus !!! -RRB- chapter stops , the automatic soundtrack making and the slection of music to use for it , adding text crawls , the logical interface . It is really an easy to use editing program . BUT ... with each successive project , the program has become more and more undependable . Crashes , exceptions , etc. . To this day , I have no problems with the editing capabilities . The big problem is in rendering the final edited video to DVD . That is where all the crashes , exceptions and hang ups occur . And , again , the problem gets worse with each succesive project . And , with each successive project , the DVD 's have become more and more unplayable on my regular DVD player -LRB- hang ups , or not loading at all - even on brand new players -RRB- , although it still played great on my computer DVD player . After internet searching for how to correct my burn problems , I have come to find this program is RIFE with similar complaints from COUNTLESS other users -LRB- compare the reviews for Pinnacle 's program with those of Vegas or Ulead , and you 'll see exactly what I 'm talking about . I am SOOOOO sad and disappointed !!!
 I bought this software based upon the CNET reviews and sales associate reviews . I have a sony DVD cam ... Pinnacle would not capture video from it . So I had to use the sony software to convert to MPEG , then import the MPEG files into Pinnacle . The rendering/DVD buring features are terrible . I used the cheap NERO software to assemble and burn my videos . I thought it was just my computer that crashes . Everything takes 5 times longer than it should with this program . I have newborn twins and I video everyhting . I do n't have a lot of time to deal with editing ... with thos program , I end up doing it in the middle of the night becasue it takes so long . Also , why do they have to charge extra for advanced features ? Either include them with the package or dont have them ... do n't tease us . I was ready to buy a new computer becasue I thought that mine just could n't handle video editing technology . I 'm glad I did n't ... it 's c lot cheaper to buy a better editing product .
 I have used 8.x with some success . But 9.x was disaster for me.I did like their User Interface , hence the upgrade . But , I feel that I jumped too soon , without reading the feedback in forums.For the most prevelant problem faced by most users , their faq just says refrag , reinstall , apply SP etc , which are too time consuming and does not really seems like a educated advise.It is quite frustrating to waste my time on this product , hence I wanted to share the experience so people can save their time and composure by staying away.Main frustrating problem here is with the rendering hang -LRB- you can see in thier web message board . It takes lot of your time as it seems like an issue with the capture done using studio . Even though it is hard to say what exactly is the problem , it does test your patience on trying out multiple things just hoping that some fluke will solve your problem and you can get your DVD out .
 I recently purchased Studio Version 9.3 . After three unnsuccessful attempts at installing the software -LRB- I 'm running XP service pack 2 on a brand new IBM computer -RRB- , I was finally able to nurse a successful install . -LRB- The first three installations would hang and lock up the computer . -RRB- This took three hours of my day . After installing the program , I tried to launch it . It takes over four minutes for the program to load to the point where I can attempt to use it ! Unacceptable . Thinking that the latest patch would solve this problem , I tried to download an update Pinnacle had posted to its web site . Alas , Pinnacle asks for your product serial number before you can download the update . The web site rejected my serial number repeatedly and would not let me download the latest patch . I tried calling Pinnacle 's support number , but the message said the wait was over an hour . So then I e-mailed Pinnacle 's support e-mail address . My e-mail was bounced back to me with a message that Pinnacle 's mailboxes were too full to accept e-mail . I 'd avoid this product and look for alternatives .
 To save you money and , more importantly , time , the bottom is , DO NOT BUY THIS USELESS PRODUCT.Pinnacle states how robust this product it . I believe the execs from Pinnacle have been recruited from Enron . What a bunch of thieving liars.Importing and editing video is well implemented.But its ability to burn a DVD seems nonexistent.If you can manage to coax a 20-minute project out of this crazy software package , you will discover this :1 . The Screen menu will jump you to somewhere in the middle of your video . Oops .2 . Out of sync audio will give your video the charm of a dubbed foreign film . Ciao .3 . Hours of labor will result in unburned disks , saving you costly DVD media . -LRB- $ $ -RRB- 4 . Burned disks are pretty much an experiment that fails . Enjoy your shiny new coasters .5 . Your hard drive is competing with Verizon , it never stops working , even after the software dialogue states it has successfully burned the disk -LRB- see number 3 above -RRB- .6 . Additional features -LRB- too many to list here -RRB- are sold separately . I am doubtful those features will do little more than drain my bank account .7 . This software is not even worth bootlegging.So if you Pinnacle Eggheads are reading this . Congratulations , you conned me and got my cold hard cash . However , I have the power of the Web on my side . There are thousands of people reading this and I believe I have discouraged numerous sales.An irate customer that is apparently not alone with this review .
 This is very unstable software . I have been trying for 3 months to get this software to function properly . Tech support regurgitates the staple `` uninstall & reinstall '' mantra . Pinnacle tries to deflect responsibility - problems are always someone else 's fault - you have too many background processes running , or AMD chipset instead of Pentium , or problem with MS XP service pack 2 ... `` problems '' that do n't seem to impede any other piece of software I 've ever installed . The only reason I 've expended as many days as I have is because this was a Christmas present from my wife who is devastated that it does not work . This is the Daryl Strawberry of video editors - great potential , but destroyed by flaws from within .
 This product shipped with an invalid serial number . This problem is documented in on-line forums , but Pinnacle has no fixes -LRB- that work -RRB- posted on their web site . Basically , you 're paying for a CD that wo n't install because the product activation code printed on the CD cover is wrong . Pinnacle is very slow about addressing this issue on an individual basis with customers who have paid for the worthless discs . So far I have received no response from their customer support . Some customers report waiting as long at two weeks and badgering Pinnacle multiple times before receiving a serial number that will allow them to install the product . I used Version 8 and loved it , but I 'm really turned off by Pinnacle right now .
 After being a faithfull pinnacle systems user over the years , I am fed up with this latest upgrade ... -LRB- I have owned versions 6 through 8 -RRB- An upgrade that does n't recognise previous installations , no matter how many times you uninstall and re-install the previous version , customer support that is virtually non-existent - After 11 days I am STILL waiting for a solution , Pinnacle 's customer support -LRB- it took them almost a week to respond with their first gem -RRB- advised me to remove the previous installation completely from my PC
 I have been a professional audio engineer for years . I did a Music Jingle for Hershey 's Ice Cream two years ago , and they asked me if I would be able to make a training video for them . I figured I could - piece of cake , right?Well it has occurred to me that you are only as good as your software allows you to be . I first got Pinnacle 9 and studio plus and thought it was a great concept . That 's all it would ever be - a concept ! You ca n't even sharpen a blurred picture without having to fork out more money for an activation key . I felt totally shafted . After spending $ 100 bucks for the software , I had to spend almost another hundred for the activation keys.It get 's worse , I got so frustrated that I even went on hack sites to try and find keys to programs that should have been encluded in this program . None worked and were all outdated . So I had no other choice but to spend more . I was MAXED OUT!Hershey 's Ice Cream was very impressed with a 30second demo I did for them , and they offered me a great proposal - If we like this training video , we 'll let you redo all of our existing ones ! $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ So I spent a little more ! As sick as I was over this spending I knew it would pay off - as long as the software held up.For a one minute clip I was working on , I spent five hours waiting for rendering , dealing with crashes , and beating my brains against the wall . This should have taken minutes !! I have a brand new pc with all the bells and whistles . I have other clients that need thier songs produced . I have no time to deal with this software !!! Bottom line , I could n't deliver the finished product to them , basically because , with this software , it would never get done - therefore , I could have never met any deadline . I lost the account.Hershey 's was looking for a FAST way to get a video out and I had let them down . This is the very first time my technology has failed me in such a way that it had cost me so much money.Pinnacled failed me . Not only will I never use it , but I will find a way to tell as many people as I can .
 The good - I purchased my Pinnacle Studio 9 Plus in January , 2005 . I thought it was the neatest thing since sliced bread . My first four 5 to 7 minute movies rendered beautifully . I purchased the entire ala carte offered - transitions , plug-ins , etc. . . quite an expense.The bad - Render slowly evolved into a 4-letter word as I spent hours preparing a short movie only to have it hang here , hang there , hang everywhere . Other 4-letter words came into play - unintall , install , close running programs , corrupt files , etc. . . all the while watching projects of my great grandson 's 2nd birthday party , special events , VHS tapes copied of my children when they were babies ... all trapped in the projects but never rendered.The ugly - It is not a good feeling when you contact a tech and his only advice is what is written in the owners ' manual and you 've already tried it many times . If you have the program , a pretty young model is on the opening screen . She is flashing a set of white teeth and holding a camera . As my experience has ` rendered ' on , she has taken on a manical appearance . Her teeth actually look pointed . I 've even heard her laugh at me ... and whisper , `` I have your movies and will never render them . '' She does n't have to be so ugly about it .
 This is my first review ever . After struggling -LRB- make that wasting too many hours -RRB- trying to make the upgrade to Plus work , I am giving up . They simply did not test this product to get it right before shipping . The Serial Number in the box it came with doesnt work , then they say they have a work around , but that doesnt work either.Don ' t get me wrong , Studio is a good product , but honestly , I dont have the hours to put in to get their bugs out so it works . This is a terrible business practice . I have two standard XP computers and it wo n't work on either of them , I wouldnt do this upgrade if I were you .
 I would strongly , strongly advise anyone considering this product to reconsider in the light of my experience with both the product and Pinnacle 's `` customer support '' . I downloaded a trial version of this product after hearing about it from a friend . We 're planning to do a lot of DVD-burning for family in distant parts of the country , and this looked like a good solution for us , as we do n't own any Macs -LRB- iMovie and Final Cut are the de facto gold standard in the world of home moviemaking -RRB- . We wound up with Studio 9.3 Trial.We 'd planned to use this product on a Dell Inspiron 1150 with 2.6 GHz and 512MB of RAM , and a 40GB HD . We 're running Windows XP , SP2 . All of this , allegedly , is well within normal for Studio 9 . I made a small -LRB- 30 second -RRB- clip using the software , and it looked the way I wanted in the preview . Then I tried to burn it to DVD . And that 's when things went south . It started to render . And then sat there . And sat there . And sat there . I tried several times , and finally let it run overnight . In the morning , the application was in exactly the same state , no closer to being done.So I thought maybe I 'd burn to a file instead . I tried AVI , MPEG , Windows Media
 I was unable to load this software without crashing Windows XP . Tech support is generally unavailable . Does the software work ? Who knows .
 You get what you pay for . I have tried a couple of different of these type of `` intro '' products in hopes of learning enough German to make my way around while traveling in Germany and Austria ; and I do not see where one is better than another . The Berlitz German Primer is just that , a primer . At best it gives you enough to ask some basic `` survival '' questions and -LRB- hopefully -RRB- recognize some basic things you may encounter , for example , while in a restaurant , at a train station , hotel , etc. . Again , my experience has shown me that all of these inexpensive programs will do the same thing . The biggest disappointment with this Berlitz product is the MP3 files that can be loaded onto a personal audio device . These are nothing but a series of words and a few very short catch phrases ; pretty worthless . Do n't think for one minute this program enables you to recognize much , if any , German spoken by native Germans because it will not . Again , its value is as a very basic entry level language primer and it does that as well as the other inexpensive products that are available .
 this software is mega old , not compatibale with any op sys past win 98 . basicaly a toss out item when you get it , unless you still use win 95 , would have been nice if it was up to date but my loss not for looking into the item more carefully before ordeing .
 I ca n't review the product yet . My computer uses Operating System 10 -LRB- OS X 10.4 -RRB- and the Adobe instructions say I need to DOWNGRADE to OS 9 , but that this might cause problems with my files.I ca n't find a good answer to my question
 Overall , I 'd have to say this product is kind of below average . The instructions seem unnecessarily brief and it therefore takes some experimentation to figure out how to perform some of the operations -LRB- i.e. it tells you to encrypt using the four arrow buttons but does n't tell you what they do / it never mentions that an archive is n't actually created until you put something in it , etc. -RRB- Explanations of what you 're actually doing to your computer when you perform Blackout 's various functions are very brief.The interface is n't terribly friendly , either . When you hold your cursor over a button or right click , no brief explanation of it comes up , as is fairly customary with current Windows products . There is also no way to confirm what file you 're shredding , etc. because the window it comes up in is too small to hold both the path and the filename . A confirmation window does come up before the operation is finalized , but it does n't refer to the file by name . The moral of this story
 I installed Blackout 2.6 , and a few days later I ran Spyware X Terminator . Guess what it found ? A keylogger . Guess how it got on my hard drive ? Right , it came in with Blackout . The Spyware X Terminator identified it as Quiet Eye , a software marketed by Kintech for checking up on your kids ' activities on your computer . Fortunately , the Spyware X Terminator website provides the tools for removing Quiet Eye . Question for Kintech
 I decided to give this product a shot before I bought something more expensive , but I wish I 'd just gone ahead and committed to something more serious . As a learning environment , this product is scattershot and poorly put together . I kept looking for the `` start here '' button -- while the box trumpets the several ways to learn , there 's just no easy way into the language . The software is supposedly an immersion environment for beginners , but it starts with lengthy dialogues and short sentences rather than the simple phrases you need to learn when you 're an absolute beginner . The software also does n't resize at all , so the software screen just looked tiny on my large monitor . The iPod vocabulary is pretty good , but it 's missing a lot of things -- it includes `` sister-in-law '' , but not `` mother '' , and only has three seasons . The stand-alone flash card program is good for what it is , but it uses that same limited vocabulary . I belatedly found that the box comes with a copy of Spanish Guaranteed , an all-audio CD program , and while it seems like a decent course , it 's the only part of the package in Castilian Spanish.This software might help someone who needs a brush-up on first year Spanish , but if you 're looking for a quick course so you do n't feel lost when you step off the plane , there are many options that are much better . I also found many free online resources that did a better job , including one that gave me the proper pronunciation of that missing season , el oto & ntilde ; o.
 clunky , not mac friendly , poor vocab , fake `` total immersion '' -LRB- basically just people having brainless conversations that are too fast for beginners and too insipid for intermediaries -RRB- . Berlitz has a really bad reputation and it 's easy to see why when you receive this kind of product in the mail.I work in a school where we receive dozens of products to sample every month.Berlitz -LRB- aside from the really old editions , from the 1950 's -RRB- is always the worst .
 I was quite disappointed with this product , and had it not been for the price after rebate , I would have certainly returned it . For a beginner , this program can easily be overwhelming , especially in the most important feature which is the `` immersion environment . '' The speech pronunciation guide is a farce . I had a native of Puerto Rico listen to the female voice and she said unequivocally that it was terrible . The program gave my native speaker friend poor pronunciation grades -- even when she tried over and over again . Much of the program is not intuitive . The details are not worked out well . An example is the bookmark feature which supposedly allows you to start back where you would like . No -- you have to go through each and every bookmark you 've made before getting to the last bookmark -- and you ca n't name the bookmarks . I could go on and on , but I think you get the idea . I 'm still struggling with it , but it is painful .
 You have to read a long manual before you can figure out how to use this Berlitz Spanish program on computer . I got so frustrated that I went out and bought a Spanish book.The only thing I like about the Berlitz program is the flash cards .
 Before you purchase this product you should be aware that Nova Development has an extremely unethical approach to processing the rebates they offer so prominently to move their product . For example , the address on the rebate form that you download from the Amazon site is located in Calabasas , CA . This is an old address for Nova Development . The Company has not provided the post office with a forwarding address , which causes any rebate submissions mailed to the Calabasas address to be returned to you as undeliverable by the USPS . This fact has been brought to the attention of Company representatives by many customers and the vendor has done nothing to correct this problem . Get the picture ? Nova Development will place as many hurdles in front of you as possible to scam you out of your paltry $ 10 rebate . We as customers have a duty to refuse to do business with unethical companies like Nova Development .
 As other reviews have stated this `` system '' is a mess ! The software is very difficult to navigate . It thrusts you right into a choppy video which is neither interesting or easy to follow . They apparently copied the video -LRB- with permission of course -RRB- from some other video training program and give a full paragraph of attribution to it on the right side of the software . Do we really need to know this?I tried to use this program but it is too open-ended - no way to really measure progress . I just do n't see how filling in crossword puzzles is supposed to help learn , along with the other gimmicks . I would be very surprised if anyone actually learned Spanish using this system , let alone have the patience to work with it for even 15 minutes per day on a consistent basis.I plan to get the Fluenz Spanish system as that one got great reviews . It 's pricey but you get what you pay for and from the reviews sounds like exactly what I would want to learn with . I also have the `` Instant Immersion '' CDs for playing in the car which are very good . However , a more complete program is needed for learning Spanish and so that is why I am looking at the Fluenz .
 I was not a fan of the product . I do not have a background in Spanish and thought it would be fun to learn with my kids this summer . I gave it a try to see what to expect with my 13 year old son . It was very hard to figure out . After reading and rereading the instructions several times , I decided it was not an easy to use product.This review was posted by a member of the Nova Development User Community -LRB- NDUC -RRB- . NDUC members are real people who use Nova Development products and share relevant feedback about the products they use in order to help other users . More information about NDUC , its programs and members is available on the Nova Development website
 Berlitz Spanish Premier -LRB- Win/Mac -RRB- Actually , I do n't know if I like this software or not . It wo n't open on my MacBook . No advice on the trouble shooting page and no answer to my email request for technical help . Mac user be very wary .
 Material and CD set is quite comprehensive but for beginners I would expect to start with basic language skills such as teaching ABC , basic words etc. . But I guess that 's what you get for that price . I would go with more hand-on lab vs. this type of learning solution .
 I have used this product with complete success for the past five years . Not this year ! After spending many frustrating hours attempting to load this program , I gave up . Whatever changes made for this years version has made it a nightmare to activate . The illegal operation prompt continues to appear and as for technical support ... there is none !
 This year 's surprise ... is that to import your financial data from QB , QB Pro 2000 is not good enough anymore . You need to have at least 2001 -LRB- of course , 2003 is most readily available -RRB- . The good news is that even though you 'll be out another $ ... , there are all sorts of wonderful new features to contend - er , take advantage of .
 This will be my last year -LRB- assuming I get through it this time . -RRB- Imagine my surprise when I tried to import my data from Quicken -LRB- 2000 -RRB- and was told I would have to upgrade to at least Q2001 to have this work ! No warnings that this software was not backwards compatible with past versions of Quicken ! In adition the software is filled with plugs for other products and services . I think Intuit has forgotten their customers in their greed to squeeze every nickle out of them . Dissatisfied ? That hardly seems strong enough !
 I have used turbo tax for the last 8 years . This year has been a nightmare . I tried to install on my laptop in addition to my desktop , so I could work on the taxes from my others -LRB- I do hers also -RRB- and it would not install at all -LRB- I knew I would not be able to print -RRB- . This required several phone calls to turbo tax to resolve . When I tried to do the update , it never would update . Next I tried to install a 2nd state package . I had purchased two state packages . The installation process kept required that I pay for it a 2nd time . After trying to resolve online , no luck . So I have paid for software that will not work . NEVER again will I buy Turbo Tax
 I did not receive this product so the one star is a misnomer .
 Like so many others , I am through with Turbo Tax after 10 years as a loyal , satisfied customer . My basic issue - TT would not install on my new Gateway computer with a DSL connection . It would never even get to the activation section . `` Tech support '' and I use the term loosely , had me uninstall and reinstall over 20 times , along with some other totally crazy suggestions . When I asked to be passed up to a manager , I was told there were none there - that I can believe . I 'm not sure there are any in the company . Finally , I tried installing on an old computer and was successful with a phone activation . Happy end of story - oh no . I now called in to try and download the `` free '' state version and that also was a total failure . After numerous online and phone attempts , I gave up , called the order desk and paid $ 6 to have them send me a CD for my state . I have now canceled my automatic reorder and will be looking for a new tax program for next year . As with everyone else , when I ask if there were someone I could call to discuss these issues , I was told to send an email to customer service . Unfortunately with TT Customer Service no longer exists .
 This is just unbeleivable . Whatever they did to the software this year has made it downright useless . I can not get any updates over the Internet and without them the return is well , useless to me . Never again will I fiddle with anything from Intuit , Inc. . Preparing my taxes is too important.Man , what a disappointment . Time to shell out -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- and let my neighbor prepare my taxes from now on.Intuit took a really good product and totally screwed it up .
 I am very dissatisfied & want to know how to register my complaint & my NON-recommendation of purchasing Turbo Tax via Amazon.com.I ordered turbo tax a month in advance . The advertisement said `` available to ship 11/27 '' . After I completed the transaction , the email changed the ship date to 12/2 . I checked the status a week later and the ship date was changed to 12/6 . Now that 12/6 has come & gone , the status says it will ship between 12/6 and 12/16 . All Amazaon.com seems to be doing is stringing me along.I could have gone to the store almost two weeks ago -LRB- CompUSA -RRB- & gotten my own copy of the software for the same price plus a rebate ! That was the reason for my amazon.com order -- to save time and get the product as soon as it was available , but it does n't do me much good if I do n't get the software until Christmas!Very dissatisfied . No seller contact info or phone number is provided to allow me to inquire . I also see that there seems to be no way to cancel my order as of today , 12/8 . Scam ?
 This is my second year with this software . We earn about -LSB- $ -RSB- , which means I have to calculate my Roth contribution . This year the software refused to do this . I am stuck ordering IRS guides and calculating the results myself . Also , I had a large refund on my state taxes , which may or not be taxable according on my federal return . Turbo tax choked again , and I am again now scrounging for forms and calculators . Who knows what other failures will result?I did n't think I would be ordering forms and crunching numbers this year !!
 I have been an every-year user of TurboTax since it became available years ago as well as a loyal user of Quicken and QuickBooks for my business for many years . After buying TurboTax 2002 Premier Home & Business I have found that due to a newly implemented anti-piracy scheme the installation and activation fails.There are still a number of unsolved activation errors in existence -LRB- as noted on the Intuit support site -RRB- that can thwart installation . It seems like the anti-piracy scheme was not fully baked when the product shipped , with specific unresolvable error messages generated by the software as admitted in the support web site.I tried to get tech support to assist me and they quickly gave up . They suggested for me to try using Intuit web based tax preparation service and return the software ! Researching the issue further I learned that the scheme called Macrovision 's SafeCast plants ... software that remains in your machine and tracks certain functionality of TurboTax activities . I will sure look for alternatives to all of Intuit software I can not imagine being subject to this hassles when I upgrade TurboTax or Quicken . Definitively I do not recommend this software !
 Besides the well-documented c-dilla idiocy , I have had major technical problems with Turbotax for TY 2002 . Saving to PDF format does n't work -LRB- even with help from Intuit tech support -RRB- . One of my state forms will only print from `` forms method '' and Intuit can not explain why . The standard answer is `` uninstall and reinstall '' , which does n't work.Get Taxcut . For 2003 , I certainly will .
 If you like filling out mail-in rebates then this product is for you . There are 3 this year ! That combined with thier new Licensing scheme make this product just not worth it .
 Intuit can not seem to provide a remedy for validation of their product keys . Even following their own website 's recommended process for updating the product -LRB- which includes copying the tax data file to a temporary directory , uninstalling the product , re-installing the product -RRB- , the activation issue renders TurboTax more trouble than its worth . You 'll spend a good couple hours -LRB- at least -RRB- with an uninformed -LRB- at best -RRB- customer service representative on this issue . No more TurboTax .
 As many people have learned , TurboTax 's product activation is a headache . It might not be so bad if you could talk to someone about it , but that 's not so easy . It 's too bad , because it may be the best product in most other ways.I tried their `` chat '' support , but could not get the guy to actually answer my questions about activation . He kept answering as if he had n't really read the question . My impression was that he was cycling through many simultaneous chat sessions , and was n't focused on my question.I gave up and tried to call a live person to talk to , but got a busy signal ... When at lot of people need a little hand holding , with a new , somewhat scary feature , they 're not holding out their hands.I bought the software one evening , and had it back at the store the next afternoon . I swapped it for TaxCut , and saved $ 20 to boot . I do n't think it 's as slick as my last 8 copies of TurboTax , but at least I 'm comfortable with it and can use it conveniently .
 I am a TurboTax customer for 8 years . I paid for every copy and I am generally happy with the performance of the software . I purchase TurboTax Premier 2002 and activated it on my computer . It worked decently enough . After I filed my return , I reinstalled my operation system as my annual computer maintenance . Lo and behold , Intuit wants me to purchase their software AGAIN . Thank goodness I redid my operating system AFTER I filed my return . This is really irritating . I would have rate the software much higher . Next year I am seriously going to consider TaxCut from H&R Block .
 I have never written a review this bad . I `` trusted '' intuit and I have used Turbo Tax for the PAST 3 YEARS . Now I am going to have to re-install Windows 98-SE and luckily I have a back up on my iomega zip 250 discs . I 'm the type of person that is VERY careful with my financial data . I have backups of my Quicken data and my Turbo Tax data.Now I wish Intuit was more careful with the program data.I do n't know where to VENT my frustration ! Maybe I will start with technical support ... oh oh there is no phone number for technical support . Now I think the only thing I can do is warn `` others '' NOT to make the same mistake I have.Don ' t Buy This Product !
 some kind of internet registration new for this year is causing me to not be able to use the software I just bought .
 This product frequently leads to `` illegal operation '' and there is no phone support.The live Chat feature does not work and the advertised Free state is a 29.95 charge that you then need to seek a refund for later.Awful , is my rating !
 After many loyal years with Intuit , I have such a bitter taste in my mouth that I have vowed not to use this product ever again . Advertising and badly implemented copy protection . Buy this only if you have the MOST BASIC computer system .
 I 've used TurboTax with good success for years . But this year , they slipped in an intrusive copy protection scheme -LRB- including a ... program left behind after uninstall -RRB- that adds hassle to the setup process and hampers legal , reasonable use of the software . If you want to refer back to your 2002 tax return at some later date , buy another program . I 'm going to take a look at TaxCut .
 Microsoft-style authentication is bad enough ; at least they do it right . I just migrated all my software to a new hard drive , and all the Microsoft products happily re-registered themselves , without any of them accusing me of attempting to `` pirate '' their software . Same deal for Norton AntiVirus . The one and only software package that screwed this up was TurboTax , which told me I could only install it on one computer -LRB- I guess a new hard drive equals a new computer ?! -RRB- and prompted me to purchase a new license . I eventually located an 800 number , only to learn that they only take calls during regular business hours , when most of us , myself included , have better things to do . When I finally got ahold of someone a couple of days later , I had to work with two different people and reinstall the software twice before someone finally got it to work . Now I 'm worried that if I so much as sneeze on my computer between now and April 15th , TurboTax will define my computer as a `` new '' computer and disable itself all over again ... If Intuit cares that much about preventing us from using two or more computers to complete a tax return , and that little about giving us a reason to want their product in the first place , then I guess they do n't really need our business that badly ...
 I read the reviews about the problems with the activation Intuit started this year . I thought , that 's OK . I do n't need to use the program on different computers and I 'm not going to give the program to someone else.Well , let me tell you , when I got to the activation part I tried to activate on the internet . It said it could n't connect . I tried their online chat . That felt like I was talking to a computer . I tried twice , because they cut me off after telling me to load Internet Explorer 6.0 when I had 5.5 . That was no help so I asked to talk to a Tech on the phone . After waiting about 20 min I was told to activate by phone and that the program would probably connect on the internet after it was activated . The phone process is n't easy -LRB- very long numbers to enter -RRB- . So after I was activated , I tried to register on the internet . That would n't connect either . In the prior 15 years of using TurboTax I 've never had any trouble like this . I spent 2-1/2 hours getting my program activated . I registered by phone . Then I tried using the internet to update the program . It worked fine . So there was no problem connecting to the internet . The Tech I talked to did indicate they were having trouble with people who were using DSL connections -LRB- which I have -RRB- . I tried to register my complaints with a senior Tech on the chat line . He or she would n't even agree to pass on my complains to management or give me a VP to contact . Intuit better wake up . I 'm going to look elsewhere for tax programs next year if Intuit does n't correct their problems .
 Have used TurboTax many years . Use primarily my small laptop to do my taxes while on the road and transfer tax files to my desktop computer to work on larger screen & keyboard when I get home.You can only get full functionality on ONE computer . On my desktop it wo n't allow me to view whole forms or print or efile . Calls to their tech support people have been met with complete arrogance and indifference.Honest users are being unfairly harassed in their attempts to thwart a few dishonest ones.Even Microsoft allows users to activate Office XP on TWO computers realizing that many people use laptops on the road and switch to their desktops when they get home.I have now also purchased TaxCut and will use it until Intuit starts showing a little more customer appreciation .
 I 've been using Turbo Tax since the second year it was available and long before it was purchased by Intuit . I am also a long time Quicken and Quickbooks user . This will be the last year I will purchase any Intuit product because of the product activation policy . The new policy allows you to install Turbo Tax on one computer , one time only . In my case , I first installed it on my notebook , then decided that preparing taxes on a notebook keyboard is not a good idea . When I tried to install the product on my desktop and uninstall it on my desktop PC , product activation told me I could not install a fully working product on my desktop unless I paid for the product again . I called tech support and asked for help and was told that the policy only allows one installation on one PC , no exceptions . That is unacceptable . No matter how well Turbo Tax helps prepare taxes , Intuit 's new policy makes this an unacceptable product . Avoid it at all costs and show Intuit what you think of their new policy .
 Turbo Tax has added a terrible copy protection scheme . - If you need to reinstall or move to a new computer , you will likely need to call TurboTax to reactivate . Do you want to take a chance of that happening the day you want to file your taxes ? - The C-dilla is an intrusive and potentailly toublesome peice of code . It is very difficult to remove , takes a meg of memory , and imposes itself in the drive chain to your harddrive . There are many reports of decreased disk performance and anadotal stories of other problems . Do you want to take a chance?GO WITH AN ALTERNATE PACKAGE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Intuit has made a huge mistake by requiring activation and adding Safecast to TurboTax . Reinstalling this software on a different machine in the future should be allowed without having to call the company . Safecast is `` big brother . `` I have switched and will not buy software from Intuit again.Intuit - wake up . You just lost another customer .
 The last thing that I want on my tax software is something that only allows me to use it on one computer and a possible big brother looking at my taxes -- that 's worse than Microsoft and activation . I 'm trying to return this piece of cr@p .
 Intuit , Inc.Returns Department6060 Nancy Ridge Drive Suite 100San Diego , CA 92121-3290Dear Sir/Madam , I have used your product for years and grew accustomed to the quality and support you have consistently given in the past even though I seldom , if ever , required it . This year I signed up for your permanent customer program . That was a mistake ! Please remove me from this program and refund my money for this year 2002 Turbo Tax Deluxe.I could not get any one click updates , upload an achieve tax form or in anyway access Turbo Tax within your program . I dropped my MSN6 browser to accept all cookies , something I did n't really wish to do ! I also removed and installed your program twice . I could access your support site via my browser but found out my pin number was out of date just a few days after I installed Turbo Tax Deluxe and had just began to try and sort out the problems . I believe you must start the clock on the shipping date rather than when the customer actually installs and uses it.The worst part is not being able to access any telephone support . I had tried two numbers 520901-2510 / 3125 . 2510 rang once and dropped the line . 3125 had a menu I gave up on . Income tax forms have remained fairly consistent over the years so I assume your `` Bells and Whistles '' , security problems and desire to cut support costs are the underlying causes of the difficulties I encountered . Notwithstanding , this year I will look for a Tax program that works for me instead of the other way around . Hopefully one that works like Turbo Tax used to !
 I 've used TurboTax for years . This year I was unpleasantly surprised by their Activation process , which ended up with my having to call TurboTax tech support in order to get it working . Worse was in store . I upgraded to a new hard drive after the activation , only to find that TurboTax would no longer start up at all . Nor could I re-activate it . And , of course , this problem reared its ugly head on Sunday when tech support is n't available.Doing research using Google lead to the fact that a ... program -LRB- Safecast -RRB- , was installed on my PC by TurboTax , one that is capable of collecting and pushing information over the internet . Intuit , naturally , says they only use Safecast to protect their copyright . That certainly made me feel much better.Needless to say , I will not be using TurboTax next year . While I appreciate their right to protect their software from piracy , I prefer to exercise my right to purchase from a company that does not put -LSB- C-Dilla -RSB- on my computer .
 I have 2 laptops , XP and Vista and this program would not load on either one . The folders would open but it would not run setup , my laptops kept making that idling noise . I made arrangements to return . I was looking forward to using it .
 I 've been living with 4.0 for quite a while . The 3.0-to-4 .0 upgrade was n't that big of a deal so I waited through the 4.0-5 .0 upgrade for 6.0 to come out . I do run Windows Vista on this PC so this upgrade was mainly to fix some problems that 4.0 had on Vista . After the upgrade to 6.0 and letting the upgrade chew through all photos overnight , I have to say it is n't a ton different than 4.0 . Some tools are better , and maybe the smart image selection and panoramic tools are much better -LRB- have n't gone that deep into it yet -RRB- , but the organizer is pretty much the same and runs at approximately the same speed . My photo scrolling is still stalled for 3 seconds every time it comes across a full resolution RAW photo as it was in 4.0 . Running a full photo backup still changes the names of all my photos and puts them in a flat directory so I 'm 100 % locked to Adobe Photoshop Elements if I ever need to restore a backup . I really hate that ! I wo n't use Adobe 's internal backup again . It takes 10 seconds to delete a photo just like it did in 4.0 . 4.0 would occasionally go to lunch if I scrolled with the wheel on the mouse . 6.0 does n't seem to have any stability issues.Overall , I feel suckered by Adobe into paying them to fix their own bugs with version 4.0 running on Vista . I 've now paid over $ 300 for the initial purchase and subsequent upgrades for this package . My next upgrade may be to Google 's Picasa where I can depend on it working though I may miss some features.I 'm a former Silicon Valley software nerd who has traded the fast life for a simple life raising a family in Colorado . Money does n't go as far out here as it did in Silicon Vally . $ 75 for an upgrade is quite steep ! I only do that for software that I love and depend upon . Photoshop Elements has been very important in communicating with the grandparents . Adobe needs to keep this product stable or I 'll try something else the next time .
 Obviously people considering photoshop 6.0 are faced with having to justify spending this amount of money on a piece of software . Many would-be buyers do considerable work with graphics and photos , and many can justify the cost by pointing to new features and usability . When I bought 5.0 in 1999 , I was convinced that the increase in productivity and durability of the product would pay for itself.How wrong I was !!! In the first place , when I upgraded to Windows ME , I was surprised to find that Photoshop 5.0 did n't work and support could n't help me at all . Their only suggestion was to upgrade to 6.0 , which definitely had ME support . Wait , so spending $ 500 means that I ca n't upgrade my operating system without paying $ 200 for an upgrade ? No patches?I 'm not a real fan of Paint Shop Pro or Gimp -LRB- both have deficiencies and usability problems -RRB- , but they offer comparable features at a fraction of the cost . Plus , you 're more protected in the event of OS upgrade or Adobe 's failure to deliver free patches . Unless you think only 2 years of productivity is worth $ 600 , your interests might be better served by buying a cheaper product and learning it inside out and out .
 There is , apparently , no tech support for this product . It works fine , when it works . Photomerge , the only thing I am interested in , drifts in and out . When it is out there is no help to find out why , or how to get it to work again . I would never buy this product again.I am extremely computer literate , but this product is impossible .
 I just ca n't learn this application . Coming from a Powerpoint world , this seems to be just the most obtuse application I 've ever come across . Even simple things like making a layer a solid color -LRB- any color ! -RRB- seems to require special skills . The help function is entirely useless . I just do n't refer to it anymore . This application seems to assume you already know how to use it . Tremendously high learning curve , at least for those of us coming from the user-friendly Windows environment . And the help you find online seems to refer to a myriad of different interfaces and menu layouts , since Adobe seemingly changes everything with every new version . Yuck .
 CAUTION , be forewarned by my experiences
 I upgraded from a previous version hoping that they had made improvements from user comments . Somehow I missed the fact that I upgraded from the Deluxe Version to the Standard version and several of the features that I previously used were missing . I have many complaints with this version . It set an end of day marker and I wanted to stay at a place 20 miles further on . I could n't get it to remove the marker it placed , so I had a whole day with 20 miles of travel . I tried to set a road segment as preferred , it stated that a portion of that road was set to avoid and I must reset . There were no segments set to ` avoid ' to reset . There were so many other problems that I am unable to use this product at all . I asked some questions by email from their support and offered to list my problems and suggestions for improvement . They answered that I did n't have the deluxe version and showed no interest in my comments .
 The only value I have in this product is exporting a local map to my PDA . Other than that , Street & Trips is far superior . The automated directions are worthless . They do n't pick the fastest route , they do n't pick the shortest route , and they go fictitious near the end of the route . As an example , if I map a route from my office to my house , it takes a meander through side streets instead of travelling down the street I work on to the highway , then , when it does eventually get on the highway , the directions say to take the highway directly to my house , rather than getting off the highway and taking the 3 streets needed to do so . The map display shows the intended route taking a straight line through the woods between my house and the highway near the end as well .
 This runs fine on our other windows systems but refuses to plan anything over a 40 mile trip on the XP system we bought it for . The `` tecnical support '' help was NOT -- they basically said , `` too bad , how sad ... '' If you plan to run this on Windows XP , make sure you save all of your boxes and receipts !
 This product seems like a waste of money to me . First , it was difficult to use the tripmaker - it would only plot a course from city to city , not from an address to an address . Then it was not easy to change the route that was suggested - I spent 20 minutes trying to have the route take me the length of Skyline Drive in Virginia before I finally figured out how to do it . And last , and probably worst , the maps seem very out of date . The date on the box of the software said 2002 , yet the maps did not have the Midpoint Bridge in Fort Myers , Florida , which opened in October of 1997 . `` Streetfinder '' made `` Streets and Trips '' look good .
 I have purchased successive versions of StreetFinder and they seem to continually get worse ... In some cases , it shows sidewalks as streets . In other cases , the streets it maps are simply incorrect . Even the way it labels streets and highways is poorly done . In short , do not buy this product ...
 To me it was a complete waste of time , too many discs and a difficult process to use them . If it were not for the Rebate I would have sent it back .
 This software ONLY HAS MAPS FOR THE LARGEST 82 CITIES IN THE USA . Do n't get caught out of the city , or you will be lost ... Pretty useless ... . The product description leads you to believe this software covers the entire US , but once you get into it , you have to be in 1 of 82 cities ... it does say it in one place hidden on the box if you look closely ... very misleading .
 I have to disagree with the previous reviewers . I have used Daylite almost since its inception . It was one of the most promising applications of its kind . Now Up to Date & Contact took too long to move to OS X. Chronos Consultant eventually became SOHO Organizer . Out of the available options , I chose Daylite . It was powerful , had a nice interface , and was rapidly evolving.Fast forward to a few days shy of 2009 . My choice these days is Contactizer Pro.Is it better ? Not necessarily . I do n't think there 's an adequate PIM/CRM application for the Mac . Both of these are `` almost '' there , but neither truly fulfills its potential . Daylite does have additional functionality , although that often comes at an expense . Mail integration and other modules are not free.Support from both companies is inadequate . Daylite offers a manual , a forum , and mail support . Unfortunately they have a history of dropping the ball and not following issues all the way through . Contactizer Pro has no manual or tutorials , and I have n't visited their forums for a long time.Other options : The free Chandler is only at version 1 and Now Software has not yet released Nighthawk , but these are potential alternatives . And let 's not forget Entourage.My recommendation is to visit sites like Versiontracker and Macupdate to read more user reviews , visit the developers ' forums and see how they respond to user requests and/or bug reports , download a copy , try and compare these -LRB- and other -RRB- programs.I used to recommend Daylite and Billings , but have n't done that for a long time now . Maybe their next version will be great . For now I do n't use Daylite -LRB- or Billings -RRB- anymore .
 Daylite is a really complex , full featured , supposedly beautiful product.Sadly , simply put , Daylite loses extensive amounts of data . I 'd happily pay twice what they charge for their product if only it did n't lose the things that I value . Things like phone numbers and email addresses.Today -LRB- May 4 . 2010 -RRB- I logged in and yet again the fields that were supposed to contain this valuable information literally said `` No value '' for 367 of my 1087 contacts . As someone running a small business I consider these fields extremely valuable , especially when paired with things like client name ! I have been battling Marketcircle on this data loss issue for a long time !!! Daylite does many things well like integrating customized letters to all of your clients . Sadly , it just does n't do the critical things well , much of the time . Things like data integrity.If Daylite had data integrity I 'd probably give the product 4 to 4.5 stars . Alas , Data Integrity is a mandatory feature and my rating at this point is negligible .
 I tried Daylite due to a recommendation from Apple Store Business reps. As a consultant I needed an application to track my activities and there were not a lot of Mac based choices . I 've had it for over 18 months and I regret all the time I have wasted with it . It is very unstable , it has caused my MacBook and all applications to be unstable , it crashes a lot and slows everything down.First off , the promotion on what you buy is misleading
 I really do n't know if the tech support for this product could be any worse . It 's more like a tech gauntlet . I do n't want to be spending my time e-mailing back and forth over periods of weeks . Productivity tools are only an advantage if they improve your productivity . This company does not take customer service seriously.The software has promise but the company lacks focus on its customers .
 I had contemplated switching from a PC to a Mac for a long time and one of the key things holding me back was the amount of information I had in ACT ! databases on my Windows machine . So I was thrilled when I found this product and after a great deal of research bought it being fairly confident it could fit my needs ... that was a HUGE mistake!From the little I saw the software itself seems to be designed very well . The problem is that two critical aspects of the program are not actually included and cost extra !!!! Specifically the mail integration and the ability to covert over from ACT ! are things you need to pay an extra $ 49 and $ 199 dollars for respective . This is in light of the fact that the company 's own website presents these as being part of the software and does not make it clear their is additional cost until after you 've made your purchase . At best this is deceptive advertising !!! And to top it all off , as other reviews have mentioned , the tech support for this product is atrocious !
 Daylite3 is a great idea for CRM software . I like how it integrates with mail client . That being said , make sure to back up often . This is a small company and it really should be labeled as a beta product . I experience errors left and right , whether it 's duplicating con acts , duplicating organizations or simply deleting information . Thankfully after many horrific incidents , I have been able to recover.In addition , it 's important to note that while their product Syncs with Mail and Address book , it does n't sync with iPhone or iCloud , so if you want your contacts and calendars synced you have to buy Daylite touch , which only syncs when on the same wi-fi network.Daylite has potential to be great , but be warned this will behave like beta software , I have spent hours upon hours recovering contacts and trying to fix issues .
 Tech support is a maze of back and forth emails . The version for iPhone is a $ 50 a year subscription . Daylite is made up of these separate programs Daylite , Daylite mail inegration , Daylite Server , iPhone App . They constantly upgrade to fix bugs introduce from the last upgrade . If you can get the program to work then do n't upgrade . All my data is stuck on my laptop on a locked out offline database which ca n't be backed up . You ca n't transfer data ... . they are so scared you will make illegal copies on other machines they have made it impossible for legit users to get the full use from it.When you do find help it 's in the form of a Daylite authorized partner who will charge you . The report engine is archaic and requires more technical knowledge to generate reports than most users posses . You can filter your data , but there is no organization if you have a lot of filers . You ca n't group like filters.My prediction will be since Macintosh is at 20 % US market share ... it wo n't be long before ACT ! decides it 's worth it to make a Mac version again . Once that happens Daylite will magically improve as their market share goes down.Is the program totally bad ... um no . It is just not finished ... . one of those programs you hope will be up to the task the next version ... Maybe 4 will amaze me and make me eat my words ... I hope so .
 Deeply deeply disappointed in how Marketcircle has betrayed existing customers . Daylite 3 had a ton of really great features and they seemed quite open and responsive to customer feedback . ALL THAT CHANGED WITH DAYLITE 4 . The new design looks pretty on the surface and it 's a can of worms once you start using the software ... especially if you have migrated your full database from DL3 . What 's worse , tech support is only by email ... . change that to SNAIL EMAIL ... . response time is super slow and , with complex issues , completely UNREASONABLE . They wo n't allow phone support even if you PAID for it !!!!!! And they do n't care if your business comes to a screeching halt while you wait for them to get back to you.If you do upgrade , or decide to try Daylite 4 as I did , beware that over 30 days , if you decide to revert back to DL3 -LRB- as I did because I just could n't afford to waste any more of my life on all the software bugs and the limitations of the new design -RRB- ... if you have n't synced your saved DL3 database it will delete any changes you 've made on other devices . THEY DO N'T WARN YOU ABOUT THIS ... . BUT FOR AN EXTRA $ 1200 - $ 1500 THEY WILL PROVIDE A DATA RECOVERY OPTION ... . seems a bit unethical to me.They had something really great and they messed it up big time ... . along with their formerly great customer service , which has gone to the dogs as well . They do n't seem to give a damn about the customer , only about what they perceive will be more convenient for them . I do n't see them staying in business long if they keep on the same course.Think about this
 I really wanted Daylite 4.1 to work . It probably actually does , but the journey there is painful and costly . The whole process around getting this software to work across a very simple array of MacBook , iPhone and iPad has been horrific.You would think that Daylite would realize that much of their market -- certainly their growing market -- is business people who want to migrate iCal , Address Book and Mail to the Daylite platform , but are not geeks . In this area , Daylite is a disaster . The documentation is illogical -- nothing follows the typical sequence someone would go through to make those changes , it is rife with jargon and while offering the WHAT offers little in terms of WHY you would want to choose on approach over another . Case in point is that is Mac people are totally wired to iCloud , yet Daylite is nearly silent in terms of the relationship between iCloud and CalDAV , what works , what does n't , leaving you in the dark in terms of the impact of those decisions.Their videos are worthless . Out of focus , way too fast . Makes things seem easy when they are now.Also , whoever thinks its a good idea to handle all technical requests by email needs to sit on the customer side . For a nearly $ 300 application , a single phone call would be easier and more cost-effective for both sides.There is a reason why Daylite is getting hammered in the reviews . They need to get out in the real Daylite and better appreciate how this glitchy and poorly documented program is costing their customers . the whole ordeal has been appalling .
 I have Daylite v 3.15 and the mobile Daylite for iPad and iPhone , I thought that this program was going to be a huge help in managing all my sales leads across my mobile and Mac systems . After a year with this system and dealing with this company I find that the program is very unreliable ! This program as failed on me 3 times this year . All of a sudden , with me doing anything , I have to remove/add my connections , and then go through all these steps and because Daylite `` customer support '' will only communicate with you via email even the most simple of issues could take 1-2 days to address and/or correct . 1-2 days in my business is KILLER ! Right now I am waiting for their `` customer service '' to reply to my reply since Monday -LRB- Wednesday -RRB- . This is the EOY and I ca n't get to my contacts to try to close business before the tax buying season ends . Even the mobile sync is a mess . It depends on your server to be on and all your mobile devices to be on that server for it to truly sync . So , if I 'm at the airport and I forgot to sync my mobile devices before I left the office TOO BAD ! When I was buying the program the Daylite people are very responsive , kind and helpful . But once you own it they pass you off -LRB- by email -RRB- to some agent and could care less . That would be ok -LRB- I guess -RRB- if the program was dependable but it is n't and the occasional glitch would be ok if the customer service was even decent but it 's not . This is a vicious cycle that I suggest you do n't put yourself in .
 I have been using Daylite now for almost two years . The program does allow an organization to manage it 's contact database and sales pipeline at an individual level . Getting a report out of it that provides any intelligence is tricky at best . If you have lots of time to spend figuring it out or cash to pay a consultant -LRB- value added reseller -RRB- then you will be okay.Note that you will always be the last to convert to any new feature launched by Apple . Generally it takes months before this application will push an update out that 's useful . And if you ask Merchant Circle about it ... it is always Apple 's problem . They did n't do this , They did n't tell us that ... whatever.Do yourself a big favor . Choose a different application . I have spent thousands on this application and support for a 2 sales person deployment . Most days I would be better off with a simple spreadsheet.Good luck .
 To make a long story , that extends over years short
 I installed this program on my PC and it immediately began to interfere with my internet connection , causing numerous disconnects . The `` monitoring '' aspect of Power Cleaner never worked and , when I hit ctl-alt-del , it always said PC Cleaner was `` not responding '' . Web addresses were left in the cache even after repeated deletions and often I got an error message saying it could n't run while the browser was still active , even though it had been closed for several minutes .
 I recently recieved this in the mail from Amazon.com . Not only was the package torn up -LRB- I know it was sent from another company and not Amazon , so I do n't blame them entirely -RRB- but the software would n't work on my computer ! I tried to install it over and over but apparently the software is n't suitable for some components of Windows XP . I am really disappointed , especially since I was so excited to try this .
 It is fine if you are just playing but if you really want to see what you look like and really fool them that this is n't the real you , this is not the program you are looking for . If you just want to have some fun then go ahead . It is sort of .
 I 've bought some pretty bad software over the years , but this one is the worst ! First off
 The worst sftwr I 've ever bought . A friend and I spent an entire afternoon trying to make it work before finally deciding it was n't us but the software . It is not intuitive and is poorly written . IRS manuals are clear and concise compared to this garbage . Heed the other reviews , do not buy this software .
 This is a sad example of * not * doing your homework prior to buying software . Well , I stood at the store reading the boxes of four popular CD and DVD burning software solutions . Went back and forth ... Used CD Creator in the past - it was okay . Using Microsoft Media currently - painfully slow . So , I wanted something new.Purchased Magix CD burnR deLuxe and took it home to install on my Windows XP system . It was curious during the install that the program did n't ask for the product key . Rebooted as requested . The software would n't run ! It disabled a few of my other media programs to boot . I attempted to uninstall the software and it would n't uninstall . Long painful story short , I manually uninstalled it and had to search the registry to get my system stable again . Reinstalled the software and it finally worked.It will copy your music CDs to your computer -LRB- WAV format -RRB- but can not retrieve the CD title or track names from the net like all the other software out there . It 'll slowly burn you a copy of a CD while you watch a DOS window tracking your progress . Still have n't figured out how to make custom images since the manual -LRB- both on-line and paper -RRB- lacks detail . I could go on but why bother ? Just do n't buy this product and save yourself a lot of grief.One last note ... if you want to call for support , keep your credit card handy . Phone support is $ 3 for the first minute and $ 1.50 for each additional minute . And , just as the previous reviewer mentioned , the on-line support area is down .
 I have never in my entire life used or tried to use software so poorly written . . they must have been laughing outload non-stop when they came up with the term `` Quality CD and DVD burning Made Easy '' ... Made Easy ... It is probably easier to decipher the Rosetta Stone than to burn a disk using this software ... tried for three hours and the results ... wrist ached ...
 As delivered this product only burns to DVD - R , but nothing on the box gives you that warning . Of course they say to visit the site for updates , but that is currently under maintenance .
 I know this was already mentioned , but there is an e-file fee of $ 29.95 . I was going to go ahead and do this anyway even though I vowed not to buy it again because e-filing is the reason I bought it and now they are charging for it . So I continued on . It is n't only $ 29.95 they would charge , there was an aditional $ 29.90 . Almost $ 60 extra just to file electronicaly . So , regardless , the only benefit this program seemed to offer was down the drain .
 This is the same Turbo Tax we are all used to . We are also used to the fileing fee being part of the purchase price . Guess what ? It 's not . Very expensive way to file your return . I will be looking for a cheaper solution next year .
 Item initially loaded beautifully - but then would not complete taxes because `` online '' updates are no longer available . . so was useless . Had to manually load sheets from IRS and work myself ... could have done that from the start . This product should not be sold without updates ... Very dissatisfied .
 I 've been using TurboTax for years , and have finally had enough.Beyond the high price , the lack of rebates now -LRB- Intuit has removed this `` hassle '' and instead pockets more money -RRB- , the useless `` ItsDeductible '' program -LRB- told me my used underwear would be worth $ 1 each in donation -- this is simply ridiculous and should be criminal -RRB- plus the useless Gift Card promotion -LRB- shipping only 14.95 ! -RRB- , the program contains errors and did not allow editing a form to correct it . After many years of TurboTax development , this is simply unexcusable.I 'm going with Tax Act or anything besides TurboTax next year . I 'd give this program zero stars if possible .
 We also have used Turbotax for the past 8 + years with good success ; we like the ease of doing it at home , on a Sunday or whenever we can fit it in . But it ended up costing more than going to a professional this year . Yup , you pay the $ for the program , then the $ filing fee -LRB- friends have since told me that there 's a link on the IRS site to file for free -RRB- , then some bank in California gets a $ handling fee !! Last year we got our return deposited in 4 days . This year the `` bank '' emailed us stating it would take 2 + weeks for them to receive the return and send it on to us . Makes me wonder why it takes so much longer for them to `` handle '' my return , and maybe how much they made on my money while they handled it before depositing it into my bank -LRB- which they did , to the exact predicted date - 2 weeks after filing -RRB- . At least we can write off the fees next year . So , save yourselves the $ $ and go elsewhere . We will next year .
 Since Tax Cut decided not to produce a Mac version this year , I got stuck with Turbo Tax . Their website promises that one may import data from the previous year 's Tax Cut return . Then you buy the thing , and you find out that it requires you to load the Turbo Tax program and your 2004 Tax Cut data onto a Windows machine , transfer there , then load it back onto the Mac for this to work . So , like a chump I borrowed a friend 's windows machine and did all this . But , it does n't work . Not at all . And it takes a lot of time to find that out . Tried every workaround I could think of . Nope . It does n't work .
 I 've been using TurboTax for over 5 years and have always been happy with it . But this year -LRB- 2005 version -RRB- , the program lost ALL of my entered data when I made a duplicate of my saved file . Both files were empty except for the data that had been transferred from the previous year . I had spent 8 hours on this ! I have written to them , but have not received a reply . -LRB- Mac OS 10.4.5 -RRB-
 Turbotax offers the option of having your $ 29 in e-filing fees automatically deducted from your refund . What they do n't fully disclose is that they and their 3rd party affiliate , Santa Barbara Bank & Trust , charge a $ 29.95 fee for this convenience . There is no charge for paying with credit card but this option comes up after the first and you are lead to believe that there is no fee for either . You can read more about it on TurboTax 's forums . Just search for class action lawsuit , or go here http://forums.turbotax.com/intuit/board/message?board.id=5982F970&message.id=2222&page=1
 I 've been a Turbo Tax user for many years . I thought the earlier versions of this product were great . They had video clips in the CD ROM that would explain some aspect of the Tax Law , or a description of certain allowable deductions.This year , the product was very sterile , with no videos . The program did not do a very good job of walking through the tax form , but rather relied on my previous tax return information . I had to guess what the program was asking me for , and if I entered the wrong data , I would find out 2-3 questions later , and have to back up and re-enter the data that was really being requested.While I have a tax refund due -LRB- rather sizeable -RRB- , the program said that I would need to pay an estimation tax for 2006 !!! I hope the IRS and the state of California do not audit me , since I am not sure that the program submitted my data properly .
 I have used TurboTax for at least 5 years , and been quite pleased with its ease of use and end result . Not the case with this year . The interview was not as clear or concise . There was little or not access to in-depth questions or concerns . Whatever changes were made were not user-friendly and will not invite me back next year .
 What a huge disappointment . This is supposed to work on Windows 98 , but it does n't . After calling tech support -LRB- one of the downloads rendered my TurboTax unreadable about half way through my taxes -RRB- I was informed that TurboTax does n't usually work for Windows 98 . The package says it should , but it wo n't work -- per TurboTax tech support . Since this disc was bought through Amazon.com , there was no way for me to return it.I can see how this program could be easy to use , but there were definately some deductions that were left out -LRB- I suppose to make it user friendly -RRB- . Now I am out $ 35 plus four hours of my time -- most of which was spent with tech support asking her to repeat what she was saying . Plus TurboTax 's downloads would not uninstall easily , which made this even more time consuming.If you have Windows 2000 or higher and have little or no deductions , this is for you . If you want to do anything the least bit complicated or if your computer is older but still working -LRB- so why replace it , right ?? -RRB- then this is a no no.Tech support told me TurboTax was still trying to fix the kinks in the program through downloads . Yeah , right.HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT !!!!!!!
 Wow ! I just finished using this product , and I have to say that this is the worst Turbotax that I 've used . If your planning on importing you W-2 information via ADP , good luck ! My W-2 is printed by Automatic Data Processing , Inc. and should have been importable , but every time I would attempt to import my information all I would get was , `` Response from ADP
 Warning ! Run , do n't walk away from this product . Spend the money to have a certified tax accountant complete your taxes . We were audited for 2004 due to problems with Turbo Tax where it quadrupled our payment of state taxes -LRB- We typed in the correct amount -RRB- and made other crazy computation mistakes that are going to end up costing us a lot of money . Luckliy , we had doumentation of everything , etc. . The IRS agent reported that she , too , had tried Turbo Tax and saw that it did not always compute properly . She says she sees a lot of audits triggered for self-employed people due to mistakes by Turbo Tax . Please do n't make the same mistake we did , and trust that software will `` get it right . '' It will be interesting to see if Intuit will stand by their promise to pay the Interest and Penalties we will pay for their software problems . Save yourslef a huge headache and a lot of money and hire someone to do your taxes .
 If you recall several years ago Intuit caught alot of flack for including DRM in TurboTax . Well , I think they 're at it again ... I have LILO loaded in my MBR for my dual-boot , and guess what stopped working right after I installed TurboTax ? That 's right , my MBR was corrupted , LILO was destroyed , and I could n't boot into Windows . *** CAUTION *** If you have LILO or GRUB in your MBR , BE CAREFUL before you install this product !!!! Disclaimer
 If you buy this software , get ready to be cheated by TurboTax and Intuit . Plan on paying another 29.95 , regardless of what you might read on the box.If you want to see some comments from past loayal customers , and now very frustrated see forums.turbotax.com . More specifically http://forums.turbotax.com/intuit/board/message?board.id=5982F970&message.id;=1509I am one of those customers . Last year of TT for me .
 I bought Turbo Tax Deluxe on 1/17/05 . I started my taxes that day and guess what ? I tried to deduct tuition expenses but got '' you ca n't compete this interview topic right now , education credit & deductions information from IRS was not final '' . What has to be final ? Look at a 1040 or 1040a and everything is there.I got on their chat line and was told they are waiting for IRS to send a form . Tuition and fees deduction does n't have a form . But when they get it they will update the program.Don ' t waste your $ like I did , run from this rip off !
 I have just spent two hours installing and trying to uninstall this kindergarten quality software . I go to get help , and they do not give free help on Saturday . Great!Their online suggestions demand that I disable my firewall and virus software -LRB- really ... this is their first and only suggestion and this is because I run Norton -RRB- I went for the virus suggestion , but I am not brave enough to try it without a firewall.This is tax software . It should add up numbers ! Why should I have to do anything except press install?I now remind myself of telling myself I would never buy this again after they would not let me reprint my tax returns on multiple computers .
 if you have used the online version in the past , stick with it . buying it on disk does not allow you to import data from previous returns if done on line and you can not upload to myturbotax . almost as if two separate companies ! plus the User interface on this software stinks bigtime . very hard to navigate back and forth . online version is actually better -LRB- though i did n't try it this year -RRB- . does intuit actually employ programmers or watch real users ? they spend far too much money on useless features like videos and not enough on simple ui issues .
 Although the product box and ads stress the ease of importing previous year 's data from other programs , you can only import one such file.If you prepare returns for your children or parents -LRB- or possibly even a spouse filing a separate return -RRB- , you wo n't be able to transfer previous year 's data.Tax Cut has no such limitations , but I switched because Turbo can import my broker data -LRB- or at least it claims to -RRB- . Check the Turbo tax website 's user forum for hundreds of reports of import problems .
 Firstly , I have used TurboTax for Mac formerly MacInTax , now piece of crap TurboTax deluxe . Intuit is great at taking your money , and very poor on providing you a useful product . This is the first year in the last 13 that I have not been able to install the software . I spent an hour on line with a tech , who says he ca n't help with a Mac and that the Mac people are only in on M-F . He did provide me with a download , which wo n't work on my computer . Thus , I have a useless CD for which I paid over $ with tax and no one at the company seems to be able to provide me with a solution.Secondly the lack of rebates indeed does drive the cost of the software up , especially if you e-file . Thirdly , if you are in MD , do not bother with the state product . File you state taxes online for free . It will save you money and put money in your pocket . The turbotax state for MD is flawed , and I mean seriously flawed . In 2002,2003 , and 2004 I compared the TT software to the state 's online and every time , the state gives you a better return . Probably because the state knows what taxes it should be taking and Intuit does not . I have saved over $ and adjusted my taxes accordingly by using the state website marylandtaxes.com.Fourthly , I am quite disappointed because I had successfully used Intuits products since 1993 . However , I will not purchase another product from them again .
 This was my first year using Turbotax , and it 's also my last!Since 1992 I was a faithful user of HR Block 's Taxcut for Mac . In spite of it costing more than the Windows version , I used it every year except for 1995 when various problems related to my AOL dial-up service prevented me from using it . Since TurboTax is the only option out there for people who use a Mac , you 'd think I 'd be continuing to use them for now on , - but you 'd be wrong!I purchased my copy of TurboTax Deluxe from Amazon.com to save $ 5 . Since TaxCut made certain that no information from it 's software could ever be imported by other software , I filled in my personal data as I began . I was a little disappointed that TurboTax does n't allow you to skip the `` step-by-step '' method , and just fill in the actual forms the way TaxCut did as an option . While the downloads were an annoyance -LRB- 6 or 7 separate files each time -RRB- , for the most part the software was OK . Picking up from where you leave off was n't always possible , but 5 or 6 clicks would get you back to the right spot.My first major annoyance came with the state software . After filling in some data , and seeing the overall results , I wanted to look at the forms to see what they were doing with my data . I also needed to see where they had placed data that was imported from the federal information I 'd entered . Well , there 's no way to see your data on state forms until you 're finished and print them out -LRB- or preview as . pdf files from the print dialogue -RRB- . When you do that the software somehow magically creates the state forms for printing , but the state forms do n't seem to exist anywhere else except in that print spool ! I found this extremely annoying , and a real time waster.The final blow , however , was when I got to filing . The advertising is an unnecessary annoyance . Since I do n't owe any state taxes , I just usually print those forms out and mail them in -- it does n't make any sense to me to pay for filing something when I do n't owe anything and I 'm not going to benefit from that `` faster '' refund . Then I came to the crusher . TurboTax wanted $ 30 for e-filing my Federal forms !! TaxCut charged $ 14.95 and $ 15.95 , but then they always rebated the cost . I was told that Intuit used to do that , but obviously they decided to make some additional money this year . Earlier in the day that I filed the saw the head of the IRS on CNBC being interviewed . He said that e-filing makes their job so much simpler . Well , if it helps them that much , they should devise a way for computer users who buy software to file returns directly to the IRS without Intuit , H R Block and the others as middlemen . And they should let us file for free if it makes their work so much easier.While I have had my doubts about the services that allow you to fill out online forms , and then do your filing for you , I have n't heard of any security problems with them , so that 's the direction I 'm planning to take next year . As far as I 'm concerned , TurboTax blew it by being unfair with their e-filing fees .
 I had difficulty entering data from It 's Deductible to Turbo Tax . I think the problem was when Turbo Tax asked for info for organizations on the list last year and not on the list this year - instructions were not clear . It was n't easy to navigate to a particular page after a pause . Biggest problem - the progam did not transfer my taxable social security benefits from the federal to the state return . -LSB- ... -RSB- I talked with Turbo Tax and learned an update was coming out in a few days . I lost faith in the program although it never had happened in the 5 years I have used it .
 This is the second year I have used Turbo Tax and the only reason I chose it was because it will work on my Mac OS X version 10.2.8 . I made it through the entire process and now ca n't file because Turbo Tax does n't have software updates from the IRS `` because of Hurricane Katrina '' according to one of their reps. The update wo n't be on the system until 2/17/06 . I could have just filed by hand way before then.I will NEVER trust Intuit again . According to the IRS , the updates were available on 12/6/2005 . Why is it taking them over 2 months to provide these updates ?
 Upon the completion of my returns and after paying for the efile -LRB- which isnt free -RRB- , turbotax would not submit my return , saying there was an error on a 1099 which was never input . -LRB- I 've rechecked alone and with the support folks on the line . -RRB- The support people said they had no solution . And they did n't offer a refund .
 Beware of the E-filing costs . Previous years were moreup front costs -LRB- $ plus $ rebate -RRB- . Good deal for e-filingright . That was for Federal only.This year I get $ flash on the screen just for Federal.OK , it went up . But after I e-file I see more charges froma Bank in Santa Barbara . Almost $ total withdrawn from my refund -LRB- more than the software cost -RRB- for e-filing just the Federal . I 'm glad I did n't e-file the state too . I really have to check now the total as just the $ flashed on the screen.My 39 cent stamp cost is a bargain now . From now on the paperuse is back unless this changes.I like the software but Intuit must think they have customers with no minds . Saving money is a concern for customers .
 I have been a loyal Turbo Tax user for years and I loved the rebates . But because they stopped the rebates I switched to H & R Block 's Tax Cut . The software costs $ less and Block rebates the Federal E-File fee . I loaded Tax Cut in with no problem and it imported all my information from Turbo Tax . I found Tax Cut easier to work with and will probably use it again next year . I filed a Federal 1040 Itemized and New York State Itemized . I would recommend Tax Cut over Turbo Tax if your filing status is similar .
 I 'm very upset that Intuit did n't disclose the additional charge it imposes if you want to e-file . it 's ridiculous that after paying $ for the software , intuit wants to charge you an additional fee -LRB- at least $ -RRB- to have your taxes filed electronically . If I had known of this crazy charge , I would not have purchased the product . I will not use turbo tax again until Intuit removes the outrageous charge or at least better informs the users in obvious/bold print .
 Well Intuit has finally driven the last nail in their coffin for me . I was able to weather the changes in the package that supposedly make it easier to use . I accepted their apology for the the spyware controversy they created in a previous edition.But the new policy they have implemented this year has effectively doubled the cost of their product making the competitor 's offerings that much more appealing . $ 30 to file electronically ? When the IRS offers options to file electronically for free ? Intuit in year 's past used an acceptable model . The first federal and state filing were free after rebate - but no longer.Sorry Intuit , I can no longer justify paying for your product . I thank you for being a leader in developing the market for tax prep software . I just wish you would want to continue being the innovative leader that you used to be .
 I 've been a faithful user of TurboTax for many years . The product I recieved this year would not install the updates . I spent many hours researching the problem to no avail . I ended up with a new copy sent from their help desk when they realized the product I purchase had real problems.This is not acceptable for a product that you rely on to work out of the box . TurboTax should be showing a little more humility and inititative rather than trying to blame anti-virus software and firewalls -LRB- routers -RRB- . These are a reality of today 's internet that they need to master !
 I have used this program for years . Not anymore ! I can not print my return before updating . The program will not update even with the software patch provided by intuit . It is faster doing it by hand . I have spent considerable time and the program does not work . Tons of people have the same problem and intuit is unable to help these people . Support staff is terrible . Buy some other program
 The first red flag was right there on the Deluxe Edition box , where it said Schedule C/EZ . I do n't want EZ . So I came to the Amazon site to read reviews , paid attention to the negative ones only , and I 'm warned off by their complaints - less user-friendly , steep e-filing fees with no rebates , fees for tech support , and programmatic problems . I 've used TT for 4 or 5 years and forgave them the -LRB- relatively small -RRB- problems that came along - adding `` Costs of good sold '' on a Sked C instead of subtracting them , for example . I hate product-bundling fiercely and constant pleas for upgrades , so heigh ho , heigo , it 's back to the store I go .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- This thing does not work . I could not get it to download updates . Even tried on another computer . Still no luck . Took it back and they gave me a new disc . Tried it again and again the same trouble . Tried their online support . It is a waste of time . They refer you to their BBS . Nothing there but lots of people with the same problem . Then if it ever lets you file . -LSB- ... -RSB- I ca n't believe they would even put it on the market with so many errors and missing forms . You get better customer service at the IRS then you do Intuit . It only gets 1 star because you ca n't give it a 0 that it deserves
 After using TurboTax for 8 years , this year I will be hand filing . More and more of the the features from DELUXE have been pushed onto the PREMIER version , this costs $ more . It wo n't let me file enter my ESPP data into the tax forms when this has already been taxed as ordinary income and shows up on my W-2 . It says , I need to upgrade to PREMIER to that.I am not taking any more gouging from Intuit and plan to file by hand !
 For federal returns this is a generally usable product with a very poor User Interface and Help system , For state returns this product falls below the bar of `` usable '' . I have used the principle competitor , `` Tax Cut
 Since going to a Mac three years ago I have been stuck with Intuit products such as Quicken and Turbo Tax . In two months I will be returning to a PC and no longer have to put up with third rate software . I am continually checking my figures because I can not trust this software to be accurate . One big inconvenience is that I can not update it using the online update `` feature '' . Whenever I try the program simply crashes and loses all data since the last save . Result
 TurboTax has a seeminly good interface . It asks questions - you answer them . The problem is , the software misses some things and if the user does n't realize it they may get a much smaller refund . There were 3 incidences on my tax forms where I had to find the forms to enter the information because I knew it was missing -LRB- TurboTax missed it though -RRB- . The biggest problem would have cost me $ . The Intuit support people could not figure out how to fix that one so I ended up returning the software . I 'll never use TurboTax again .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- If you have more than one investment account this is a real pain . You have to enter each section of the forms -LRB- the 1099-int , then the 1099-div -RRB- one at a time . So I 'm sitting here with three statements and instead of entering one form at a time , I have to enter section one of form 1,2 and 3 . Then section 2 of form 1,2,3 . Awful.I found the product generally hard to navigate unless you 're doing basic things and throughout the interview process I 'm asked abotu upgrading to other products which is annoying .
 I purchased this tax software under the false presumption that e-filing would be included in the price , just like IT USED TO BE ! The actual data entry process was `` ok '' , a bit buggy as I had some K-1 income which TurboTax handles quite poorly . Of course that works fine if you buy the more expensive software , but if they claim it works , yeah , it does , barely.But then the ultimate blow ... after all of the effort that took me weeks to prepare , it was time to file the return . What 's this ? I have to pay another $ 30 to e-file ? And here I thought the IRS was ENCOURAGING people to e-file ! Hey , I am in California where one MUST earn more than $ 50 to make a decent living , so who qualifies for the so-called '' e-file for FREE '' here ? They gotchya!So it looks like I will have to send my tax return in by good old US mail , I 'll wait the 3 or 4 weeks for the refund . Thanks for nothing , TurboTax .
 I have been using Turbo Tax for years , but this will be my last year . Why ? Because the `` one-click update '' feature does n't work . It crashes with a Windows general protection fault , and fails to update the Turbo Tax program with the latest tax forms . And Intuit 's tech support has not been helpful at all in resolving the issue . All they can tell me to do is to try to uninstall and reinstall the program -LRB- which , by the way , does n't work -RRB- . What a waste of time and money .
 I have been using TTax for about the last 18 years , and the product works very nicely as a calculator and data-entry product . For the last three years , though , there have been technical glitches
 I have used TurboTax for Mac for the past several years with no problem . This year I wasted my money . The downloads wo n't work and the online support is useless . I have followed the directions to the letter repeatedly and still no solution . They have lost a loyal user . Do n't buy this product if you use a Mac !
 I have used Turbo Tax for as long as I can remember . I have always purchased their business and their personal tax products . Generally I had been satisfied . However this year after spending much time over many months working on a complicated return , Turbo tax dumped all the data including that which was saved many times over several months . It corrupted all but 2kb of data and ca n't even open that . Of course you ca n't get a person via telephone or email.I would give them o stars if that was an option . So long Intuit .
 I used TurboTax last year and liked it . This year however I needed to see how the taxes worked out in alternative scenarios , e.g. filing jointly vs. filing separately vs. head of household . The program has no provision for doing this ! You have to start a new return and enter everything from scratch , plus it messed up on some simple deductions . And to get help by phone you incur a charge . Bah . Not worth the money .
 I ordered the Deluxe version first and after spending a whole day finally found out it had some kind of a glitch in it . It did ' t download `` its deductible '' due to some error . Well , I fixed the error using their web-site but now my Internet Explorer gives an error message every time I close it!I found deluxe edition very uneasy
 After wrestling with updates for the better part of two days , I finally started my taxes . When listing quarterly payments along with other deductions , the software kept doubling the total amount !?? Tech support turned out to be a joke.A frustrating and incredibly maddening process.Soon as I blast this fiasco off of my hard drive , I 'm making an appointment with my CPA ... Be warned .
 The software works fine and is easy to use . But be careful . The product is very misleading . It gives the impression that you can e-file your taxes for free . This is completely false . You must pay $ to e-file your taxes . Next year I will use Tax Act instead . It is actually free to file your taxes using that software .
 Finished my 2005 last weekedn . I 've been using TurboTax for over 10 years now , and each year it gets dumbed down even more . The slick `` interview '' puts more distance between you and the actual forms , which makes it easy to use -LRB- good -RRB- but makes it awkward to fill in obvious gaps in the forms -LRB- bad -RRB- and makes it very hard to avoid the come-ons to buy more Intuit crap -LRB- extremely annoying -RRB- . Aside from Ituit 's shameless and increasingly confrontational greed -LRB- ask anyone who still uses Quicken 2003 -RRB- , TurboTax still makes doing your taxes easier . But , I did run into needless problems this year . No import from Quicken 2003 or earlier -LRB- you have to manually export/import . txf files -RRB- ; selling stock from an ESPP is now considered an advanced feature -LRB- they want you to buy the Premier edition -RRB- ; it picked up my direct deposit information for the federal refund but I still had to check the box to enable this by manually opening the 1040 . It is extremely laborious to enter multiple items of the same kind after the initial interview -- examples are adding bank interest from several banks , stock dividends , and stock sales . You can solve this by opening the appropriate spreadsheet manually.Another problem -- which is not new in 2005 -- is that dividend information from Quicken shows up as dividends on specific securities , but your broker will report dividends to the feds as if the broker were the payer . So you still end up having to match dividend payments manually.I originally purchased TT due to the promise of Quicken integration , and the Deluxe version to save entering stock sales on schedule D. -LRB- In my case , the rest of the 1040 is a wash between TT and doing it manually . -RRB- This year , I am not so sure it actually saved me any time . I do know that if I had not corrected the ESPP issue by hand , I would have paid $ 800 extra in taxes . I will definitely try an alternative first next year .
 I 've been using Turbotax to do my taxes for years , but decided last year to try Taxcut . This year , we received an offer that gave us a discount on Turbotax Online , so I decided to switch back . Boy , was that a mistake ! First , Turbotax online does not support filing multiple returns -- you have to pay for each . I do n't need to file multiple returns , but in order to file my state return married filing separately and my federal return married filing jointly , Turbotax requires me to prepare three federal returns ! I used Turbotax online to file my spouse 's two state returns -LRB- free using the discount -RRB- , and went to the store to buy the desktop version for the other versions . Then I find out that Turbotax filed estimated tax forms for 2006 with my spouse 's state return ! I specifically answered , `` no '' to the question about estimated taxes . Once I got the desktop version , things got worse . You can view the actual forms in the desktop version , and in doing so , I determined that TurboTax was not determining whether I owed AMT correctly -LRB- it was n't excluding my deductions for property taxes and state and local earned income tax -RRB- . When I contacted Turbotax support about this , the online support person suggested I spend $ 9.95 to speak to a phone associate about my calculation issue . At this point , I 've invested hours in my returns , which were fairly easy , and I have little confidence in the product.If you must use Turbotax , I recommend you use the desktop version , so that you can confirm the information in the forms before you file . They do have a satisfaction guarantee . I also recommend skipping their state tax returns . Most states allow free online preparation and filing on their own sites . I 'm going to do this exclusively from now-on , no matter which tax prep product I use . I 'm also going back to Taxcut , at least for this year .
 I have been using Turbo Tax since 1998 , I use computers every day , and -LRB- as an engineer -RRB- I am used to using difficult applications -LRB- Pro-E , Mathcad , UG , etc -RRB- . This years edition of Turbo Tax Deluxe was the worst Turbo tax I have ever seen -LRB- & I usually like it very much -RRB- . I purchased in January and had to update 4 times . One update took 6 hours -LRB- some of us live in the boonies and broadband is not an option -RRB- . In addition , the application brought up menus and selections that were not applicable -LRB- farm income at the PA State form -RRB- . When I tried to delete the entries -LRB- at the Federal level as instructed -RRB- they would not . My 1 business expense entry kept getting duplicated -LRB- `` copy 2 '' and every time I deleted it , it would reappear on the next pass through . Every time I entered the `` State '' tab , it acted like I was never there before with a `` Start State '' button that always lead me through all the same questions -LRB- It did retain my answers from prior visits -RRB- . Where was the `` Continue State '' button ? I also noticed that using the `` back '' button and then moving foreward again caused never before seen dialogs to occur , even though the same `` foreward '' choices were made . Once I backed up to check something & then moving foreward caused my state tax status to jump from + $ 46 to - $ 1548 !! Upon backing up I saw that some of the check boxes regarding the sale of my home were unchecked . I did not check them , but rather backed up two more screens , then moved foreward again the two screens and the boxes were again checked ! One more foreward click and my taxes again returned to + $ 46 . One of the years I liked best was when there was a `` checklist '' so you could see where you had been and what was already addressed . This years State was definetly worse than the Federal , but even that was a dissapointment . I did complete this years filings & submitted both online , I hope I do n't get burned ! Turbo Tax ! -- Please improve for next year or it may be my last year . You realize that at 59.95 + 39.95 filing + my time + aggravation like this year , and an accountant is looking attractive . If you are on the `` inside '' you probably know why this is happening ... outsourcing code gen to India , not outsourcing code gen to India , programmer cut-backs , programming application changes , archiving application changes , project management issues , whatever . Just realize that there is a problem & fix it .
 I was dismayed to find that this year 's Turbo Tax does NOT offer a rebate for one free Federal e-file . As others have pointed out , this effectively raises the price of the TurboTax by $ plus tax for a product that was already more expensive than TaxCut and other similiar products.Intuit quietly changed their `` policy '' without a lot of fanfare hoping nobody would notice . I like many others purchased the product fully expecting the reabte to be there as it has been every year since the feature was first introduced.The good news is , this finally motivated me to try H&R ; Block 's TaxCut Deluxe product for the first time this year . Not only was it cheaper than TurboTax , but it works just as well as TurboTax and it includes the free Federal E-File rebate that Intuit no longer offers . After 6 + years of using TurboTax , now I 'm wondering what took me so long to switch .
 For the past five years I have used TurboTax on-line to prepare our taxes . Last year , after filing our taxes , the IRS sent me a letter informing me that I was eligible for an additional refund credit . After refiguring our taxes by hand I found $ in two credits that TurboTax failed to identify . I was able to receive $ of this amount , but the other $ 300 would have required refilling from scratch -LRB- changing the number of dependants -RRB- . This week , after looking over previous tax years , I now find that there was an additional $ credit on our 2002 taxes that TurboTax did not find.I can no longer trust TurboTax to manage my taxes . These were simple Earned Income Credits -LRB- EIC -RRB- and Child Tax Credits -LRB- CTC -RRB- , which TurboTax should have never missed . How can a company release tax software that does not double-check these items when there are child dependants clearly listed ? It is inexcusable.Now , they no longer offer the $ 5 e-file refund ? I recommend RUNNING from this Intuit TurboTax product . We will be using TaxCut instead .
 I have used Turbo Tax for years and stick with it because you can import all of the previous year 's info . This year may be my last because of the exorbitant price they are charging to e-file . $ for fed & state plus another $ service charge . Fine I will mail in the paperwork . Why should I pay $ to make their jobs easier ? It probably saves the government a ton of money when folks file electronically and the `` service charge '' from turbo tax should be included in the price of the product . I wonder how many customers will be lost over this .
 I have used Intuit products since 1992 , and was quite satisfied until 4 years ago when Intuit began installing hidden software on users ' computers in an attempt to `` stop piracy '' , which caused numerous problems for us honest users who paid for the program.Secondly and even more significantly , I began noticing an apparent shift in Intuit 's philosophy toward it 's customers
 I received this product last week , but as of 1/24/06 , Turbo Tax still claimed that the education deduction/credit page is unavailable . It oversimplifies deductions while not offering useful information -LRB- like not being able to make certain deductions unless they reach 2 % of your AGI -RRB- . I do n't feel confident in this program and plan to do my taxes by hand the old fashioned way to make sure they 're right . Makes it mighty hard to finish my taxes and as for making you pay again to file , I 'm of one mind - printing and mailing my return to the IRS myself b/c I do n't want to give this company any more of my money . Do n't buy this product !
 Software would not function and I could not get any help from customer support . Updates would not work nor could I file electronicly . Stay away if possible
 This product worked great until I tried to do my taxes . I was directed to a website to download final tax forms which were missing from the CD . I tried to download these files several times but they would not install . I finally gave up in disgust and called my tax accountant instead .
 For complex personal returns , TurboTax is the best . It handled the passive gain/loss situations without interfernce , whereas TaxCut stumbled & had to be overridden .
 Before you decide to buy , I suggest you go to the Turbotax.com FORUM 's and read about the problems reported there . I 've used this software for a dozen years , and now I 'm seeking another solution after spending hours trying to install their updates.Buyer beware .
 Gosh . The quicken people just ca n't seem to get it right . They have made this software so unfriendly that it is a struggle to use it . They need to hire a user interface consultant to help them design easy to use software . They need to hire real programmers to fix all the outdated code . The code engine was probably written in the 1980s and never updated . It shows.I have just started entering my tax stuff and although there are some nice features , importing from my Quicken program -LRB- HELLO , same company -RRB- was excruciating . It would not -LRB- or I could not easily figure out how to -RRB- specify which business -LRB- I have several -RRB- to import to . I had to do a generic import and re-enter all my business data like name , SIC code , EIN number.Unfortunately , there is really no other software that competes against this . As bad as it is , it is the only game in town . You would think with all the money they make on this product every year , they would just hire some qualified people to write better software .
 I 've used this product for a number of years and am upset with Intuit 's new pricing structure - basically charging me more for the product and not offering any rebates . It 's been a long , drawn-out bait and switch . Intuit 's loyal TurboTax customers are likely going to remain locked in to using TurboTax since the time , labor , cost and frustration of switching products will be higher than the increased price of TurboTax and online return submittals . It is galling , and many -LRB- including me -RRB- will continue to pony up the fees , but it does n't make me happy that my brand loyalty has been turned into servitude .
 Last year this product came with free e-filing and this year it was in the fine print that the e-filing charge would be in excess of $ 30 and additional charge for e-filing the state . I made the purchase on the assumption that , if you purchased this product , the e-filing was free . Chalk one up for the makers of Turbo Tax . I wonder how many other people spent the time entering all of their personal and tax information only to find out this very same circumstance . I for one returned my Turbo Tax product and will not buy another !!!!
 I bought this product on the recommendation of a friend . After installing the software , i began carefully entering my information and completed my federal return . When i tried to do the state form , is when i encountered problems . First of all , i had to go to the manufacturer 's website to download the updated state forms . When i tried to , it would n't complete the download . I tried everything and could n't get it to work . I ended up doing my taxes myself , and when i was done , i double checked my figures because i thought i made an error . I did n't . The turbotax software is supposed to double check your file to make sure you get back as much as possible . Thankfully i did n't use it , because i would have got $ 900 less if i had used turbotax . My advice is to get a calculator and a pen and save yourself a headache and a good amount of time and money .
 Very disappointing and some of the interfaces are childish , for the hefty price it does n't appear to be any better than the myraid of free/cheap typing programs on the internet . Save your money , do some searching and find a cheaper product .
 For this kind of software it 's a start in the right direction but its a up-hill battle . You damn well better know your math skills with this kind of stuff , before you can even begin it tells you that you go to type in certain codes before you type in a command , and that 's before you even create a character . This is the real deal and you 'd better know your $ & * ! before you dive head first into it . The creations look like there made from windows 98 , it looks pretty cubeish , but like I said , it 's a start . I 'm new at this kind of stuff myself and I do n't want to discourage anyone but , you got to be highly motivated for it .
 This program is good if you want to mold the matrix bit by bit . But if you want to make games in a snap , spring for the professional and get a level editor on a DarkBASIC website .
 I got this as a present about two years ago , and I have had mixed feelings . I like it , but I get really frustrated because the program is buggy . I can not create a standalone executable , and the program has random bugs . Also , it is very hard to create proffesional-type games . Be aware that the machine you run standalone programs on has to have a video card , regardless of whether you use it or not . In conclusion , good idea , but very buggy .
 DarkBASIC is only good for people very new to programming and interested in games . To make a commercial-quality game in this language would be lunacy , BASIC just is n't quite flexible enough to do that with ease , and the DarkBASIC renderer looks very , very ugly . However , BASIC remains very easy to learn and DarkBASIC has some commands that are fun to toy with.If you 're trying to get into serious game development , learn C++ and either learn how to use libraries like OpenGL or DirectX , or start modding a popular engine like the Unreal engine or Source . And make sure you 've learned a good deal of physics and math .
 We may never know if we like this product as the Amazon box was empty when it arrived . We have had no help from amazon , compusa , nor the maker of this software after numerous emails and phone calls . This was my son 's Christmas present and he 's still waiting ... at this rate we 'll end up with the opinion that we should n't order software online ...
 This program has a 60 return policy with Intuit - thank god ! They say I should get my money back in about six weeks.Problem
 1 Star ? It should n't get any !!! I 'm an accountant and we had to buy this worthless program because a clients data was in QB 2006 . EVERY TIME I open the program a -RRB- it takes FOREVER to open , b -RRB- it crashes constantly - the program will lock up and then just disappear - SWEET ! , c -RRB- when you want to log out and go home make sure you have about a half hour to spare . The program will , hang , hang , hang , hang then give you a `` not responding '' error that will take another half hour to clear.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY on this absolutely useless product . Quickbooks -LSB- ... -RSB- - now it 's an it 's alltime worst . Once I 'm done retrieving the data this program will be uninstalled from my PC . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Upgraded from QB 2004 pro as we needed to add another user and 2004 is not available any more . Kept getting errors trying to convert the file to new system . When we finally got it installed and in working condition , the system is SLOW . Transactions can take a while to complete , just opening the program takes a few mins as well . This is with just two people connected . If I had the choice we would still be running 2004 as the new database system seems to be sluggish , probably 2-3x as slow as it used to be at times .
 Updating from 2003 version which I like . Had major problems with my Server and QuickBooks . Repeated lengthy calls to support in India gave me nothing but frustration . Everything they suggested was more and more work for me -LRB- I 'm talking hours -RRB- and I do not believe they ever understood . Now , from another source , I find the problem stems from their data base server design which is new for 2006 . I am using the sytem in a very awkward procedure until my outsource IT specialize comes to fix . The new version has some nice new feature but I truly miss the simplicity of working with the older version . If I had the choice to do it again I would pass .
 In the year 2006 it is INSANE that we as IT pros still have to hack registry hives to get this software to run as a limited privilege account to better secure our computers.QuickBooks Community - Running QuickBooks 2005 as a Restricted User -LRB- Admin Rights FIX -RRB- : http://www.quickbooksgroup.com/webx?14@@.eeb323b/9When will quickbooks begin to code in a secure manner ? Peachtree does . Microsoft Small Business Accounting does.Why does Intuit require updates every few years and acts like we are still all running Windows 98 machines?Security is important these days . How about stepping up to the plate Intuit and getting with the other vendors ?
 In the year 2006 it is INSANE that we as IT pros still have to hack registry hives to get this software to run as a limited privilege account to better secure our computers.QuickBooks Community - Running QuickBooks 2005 as a Restricted User -LRB- Admin Rights FIX -RRB- : http://www.quickbooksgroup.com/webx?14@@.eeb323b/9When will quickbooks begin to code in a secure manner ? Peachtree does . Microsoft Small Business Accounting does.Why does Intuit require updates every few years and acts like we are still all running Windows 98 machines?Security is important these days . How about stepping up to the plate Intuit and getting with the other vendors ?
 I 'll start by saying this software is long out-of-date , this review being written in 2012 . We have fought with the software for 6 years now.There are so many things wrong with this software that I hardly no where to begin.Bugs , bugs , bugs . The software crashes , literally , on a daily basis . Luckily no major harm ever seems to arise and the software can just be restarted . Sometimes it crashes accessing inventory , sometimes it crashes accessing customer data , sometimes it crashes while `` checking licenses '' . It has always done this and we just basically live with it.Quirks . The software could not possibly have been designed by anyone who has ever actually worked in a retail environment.Faxes
 order newer delivered , still in progress , very bad experiences with amazon order , still need program before end of May . Very bad situation no time for another one.davi
 Quickbooks 2007 Pro multiuser is a piece of TRASH !!! Intuit should be ASHAMED of releasing this garbage before debugging it !! It freezes up with just about anything we try to do with online banking.I deeply resent having to pay full price in order to beta test buggy software !! Do n't upgrade to 2007 pro if you can possibly avoid it.Amazon should temporarily pull this product.Steve Winter CEO sellcom com
 I do n't have a problem with the software . It pretty much does what we need but reversing an error can be a nightmare . Before I start this tirade , I should point out that the customer service reps were very nice . But they do n't have the infrastructure to provide the most basic level of service -LRB- please , read on -RRB- . The customer support system for the payroll upgrade on this product is really scary . -LRB- 1 -RRB- They want to have access to your checking account to pay for the annual payroll subscription !! -LRB- 2 -RRB- They DO NOT SEND RECEIPTS !! I help with the books for a small non-profit and paid for the payroll subscription on my own credit card . The only receipt I could get was a copy of the invoice , which is not formatted to print correctly on an HP1200 -LRB- duh !! -RRB- . What is really disturbing is that these people are supposed to be accounting experts ! If you acquiesce to the checking account withdrawal , the only receipt you receive is the line item on your bank statement . Have they every heard of a `` paper trail '' . Well you sure wo n't get one if you purchase the payroll subscription for this product . I will start looking for an alternative to Intuit because they obviously do n't understand some basic accounting and auditing principles .
 I am above-average in ability to set up software.But this -- Setup was difficult.Finally got that done and functional.Rocked along a while and all was well.Then out of the blue , something went haywire just in time to have missed the chance for free tech support.Hours and hours and hours and hours passed , wrangling with it . -LRB- And more hours -RRB- Finally gave up.Then went to uninstall it.Should have been simple - In Windows , go to Control Panel , Programs , Uninstall.But oh no.Computer said uninstall was not completed.No matter how I tried , never could wrench QuickBooks ' tendrils ' grips from my business ' computers.Useless perpetual major pain in the derriere .
 The biggest problem I had with QB 2005 and 2006 was my database going corrupt after download Intuit updates . I have been an IT consultant for years . I know all the tricks to preventing such problems . Nothing could stop it . It was luck of the draw and it still is with version 2007 . UNBELIEVABLE !! This problem has been ongoing for over 3 years or so . I can not tell you how many of my clients went corrupt and switched to Microsoft Accounting or Peachtree out of frustration and lack of solid customer service.My biggest grievances with Intuit are 4 fold .1 - Version 2006 does not work with Vista and Intuit has no plans to patch it to make it work . They are forcing you to upgrade . Peachtree made a patch for their customers .2 - The price of 2007 has gone up but the quality is still lacking in many areas . Microsoft Accounting is around $ 150 per user for a single license .3 - Intuit does not offer an UPGRADE price discount for people that have the 2006 version , and maybe got rid of some older computers and bought new computers running Vista . They have to pay FULL PRICE for something they just recently bought all over again ! 4 - Intuit used to offer a 5 Multiuser pack for about $ 400-500 . Now they only offer a 3 user pack for around $ 500 ! What a screw job . They are purposely cashing in on the Vista release and taking the small business man for a ride and laughing all the way to the bank.I am now boycotting Intuit . I have stopped over 250 licenses from being purchased by many of my clients and switched them to Peachtree Pro.Peachtree offers an upgrade price . Peachtree Pro 2007 works with Vista . Originally it did not but Peachtree made a patch !!! Now that is customer service !! Peachtree Pro 2007 is also available in a 5 user pack for about $ 500 on many discount websites.So take a hike Intuit . You purposely screwed valuable customers and hard working small business people ! I hope you are happy !
 This has to be the absolute worst software I have ever seen in my life.It is so slow as to be unusable - wait 2 minutes from clicking to start the software until the first screen shows . Granted , this is not a brand new computer , but it 's XP-Pro that does a reasonable job on any other software . Even with brand new FAST computers this software is slow and kludgy.The way multiuser is implemented is unreliable and unintuitive.Being the one to support the computers at company who decided to upgrade to this version , I wish I could find the idiots who designed this and make sure they never write any software for anyone ever again .
 After upgrading to QB Pro 2007 we found certain sections to be completely unusable & would lock up our system when we tried to use them.Over the course of almost two weeks we repeatedly tried to contact support . The first time we called a tech walked us through a couple of things over the course of about 45 minutes before we got cut off.When we called back there was no record of us calling and no case # . After speaking with someone in India for nearly an hour and a half he said we would have to call back in a few days . I told him that was unacceptable and that I needed to speak with a manager . He put me on hold for 10 minutes and then came back & told me all the managers were on break and that I would have to call back later . He then refused to give me his name . After several minutes he finally told me in his thick accent that I could just call him Carl . I then had to practically beg him to create a case # . He gave me one but there was no record of it when I called back.A couple of days later I called back & spoke with Ruel . After going through all them same runaround I had been through twice already he told me he needed to check on a few things and that he would call me back in an hour . I never heard from him.A few days after that it was Manish . He told me he could not access any data at that time and that he would call back the next day at 10:30 am . I never heard from him.I then called the next day and asked to speak to a manager . The person put me on hold for 22 minutes before I ended up with a dial tone.The next day it was the same thing accept this time I waited for 26 minutes before I got a dial tone.I have tried to go to their website & complain but there is no place to do so . We are now actively looking for another solution besides Quickbooks for our accounting and do not plan to use Quickbooks any longer .
 Big problems getting this thing to load . QB should have known and adivsed us . Required changing many buried settings in XP Pro and Home.Slows down system in multi-user mode . Would I do it again knowing all this...50-50 . Many graphic changes that do n't change what you do or how it does it , just where you find it and how it looks on the screen , so you 'll have to re-learn a little bit the first few times in.I 've always liked and recommended QB , it 's still a great system , but the 2007 upgrade may NOT be worth it . I bought only for the 3 user multi-user option and got the 07 upgrade with it . The presentation of customers or vendors is better and you see more on the screen without buried clicks , but it appears the graphical interface changes are more designed to get a dummy in to the system rather than enhance it for a seasoned user .
 Although I HIGHLY recommend QuickBooks to anyone who is running a business , I DO NOT recommend upgrading to this version unless you have to . This version converts your old file to a bigger and more complex one , and in the meantime misses things here and there to make book keeping a nightmare to figure out . Also the new version has several settings that you ca n't change that makes it quite difficult to work with if you have a large inventory . For example , the filtering on the inventory item lists moves things around to different categories -LRB- if you use categories you know what I 'm talking about -RRB- and then you ca n't find the item . Also , the program auto-fills items on invoices and does n't do it correctly . It 'll auto populate an item number that starts with the first letter -LRB- s -RRB- that you are typing , and wo n't pick the correct part ; and the only way you can find it is going to the category and searching for it . Long story short , this version has a lot of little bugs to work out before it 's like the previous versions .
 After being notified that QBooks would no longer be supporting my 2004 version for payroll updates , I had to upgrade and purchased the 2007 version . I have a business with 6 employees . I do my own payroll but rely on QBooks for taxes and withholding.The software seems to work fine ; but I sure do n't need all the bells and whistles . And I do n't care to have such a large backup file . Backing up used to take about 20 seconds . Now you may as well go down the hall , get a cup of coffee , and chit chat for a while.There needs to be a simple version for the small business owner . And the company needs to offer payroll support for more than 2 years . That is the part that really chaps me . I should n't have to buy expensive new software almost every year .
 I purchased the 3 user multi-pack specifically so we could have up to 3 users at the same time . It 's supposed to work with multiple users . It does n't work as advertised without going through a lot of work . It took me a week to get it working and 3 calls to their support . The last call got it working , but NOT in the way all of their KB articles and documentation says.So here 's the breakdown : Pros
 After recently being informed by our accountant that we should upgrade to QuickBooks Pro 2007 , I placed the order . What a disappointment this program has been . I ca n't find anything easily and to backup takes FOREVER ! I make 2 backups , one onsite and one to take offsite ! I could get a manicure in the time it takes to backup . It is also a space hog !! It does not overwrite previous backups so you always have to delete the previous one . Intuit really needs to work the bugs out of this program and should give a partial refund to the people who have purchased it .
 QuickBooks 2007 performs badly in a multi-user environment . Especially with a Linux server . It takes 3-4 minutes to initially open . It takes about a minute to open each company file . The back-end design for arbitrarily choosing a workstation to be a proxy to manage open company files seems rather untested . If the elected `` proxy '' server is shut down , restarted , or crashes , all other user sessions are killed.I have a hard time believing this product was tested in a multi-user environment prior to being shipped .
 I upgraded to this from QB 2006 for one and only reason
 This is just a throw away for Mac users . Intuit has a long , long , long way to go to make this software functional . 2006 users , my advice
 This is a great program , but it has one EXTREMELY annoying issue that has resulted in my decision never to buy this product again . The issue is that if you get a new hard drive , a new computer , or reformat your hard drive , the program will be virtually unusable and unlockable until you go through a very complicated process that thus far has required me to call tech support -LRB- located in India -RRB- every single time because it is so complicated that it is impossible to remember . They put into place the most rigorous anti-piracy code I have ever seen in a piece of software . So rigorous that even the legal owner is locked out without a key . If you are a small business owner like me , you update your hard drive -LRB- either due to a crash or a new larger upgrade needed for additional storage -RRB- or you upgrade your system altogether on a fairly regular basis . How many business people never need to upgrade their hard drive or get a new computer ? Well , buyers beware
 This product looks exactly the same as 6.0 , 2005 , 2006 , etc. and does not work any better and for your money you get laughable feature updates . If the version you have works then do not spend $ 200 + to upgrade . They say it is compatible with the newest version of Mac OSX -LRB- Leopard 10.5 -RRB- but it crashes on my machine significantly more than the previous version did in 10.4 . This is an absolutely worthless upgrade.The one thing that I was hoping for is not even included and they do not tell you when you buy it . You can not do online bill payment like you can on the PC side . Its cross platform compatibility is an absolute joke . When are they going to step into the 21st century and finally make one file format that works across both platforms ? We have been able to open . doc and . pdf files for eons without issue.Their customer support is an absolute joke . No one there has the slightest clue about mac 's or about accounting . You are basically on your own . Their online help is laughable . When the software spits out an error code you can not even look it up on their crappy web site . I think that I would be better off doing my accounting on a paper ledger . After the untold hours of crashing , incompatibility , and thousands in extra money that I have spent in accounting fees because of incompatibility I would be better off hiring my own team of accountants in India or China.I hate to recomend another product from a company as lousy as intuit but I would suggest running parallels or VMware Fusion -LRB- to run XP or some other MS OS -RRB- and buy a copy of Quickbooks for the PC . It woks better and has better support ... well at least for the first 6 months that you own it . Then they will upgrade to 2009 and quit supporting the version you have . All you will have to do is plunk down another $ 200 for the upgrade that will probably not give you anything more than the last version.I also hope that you are not a victim of the version of quickbooks that is deleting important information off of customers desktops . If you are good luck with their brain-dead phone support.In all my 20 years of computing I have NEVER seen a more lousy piece of software than Quickbooks for the Mac nor have I ever seen such shameless upgrade practices as the ones that Intuit makes their money on.-Matt
 I purchased this because my accountant said it is what everybody seems to use . I worked with it for a couple of days and then had had enough . If you started with this and knew nothing else I suppose you would be happy . Problem is I 've used MYOB for years and when you go to this product there is a lot missing . It may be popular but then we all know that 's not always an indication of what is best for the job . You really might want to check out MYOB . The cost between getting this and keeping it updated and MYOB and keeping it updated is perhaps $ 50 higher , but then if you are trying to work around limitations , trying to find features that do n't exist , that $ 50 savings fast becomes at your own folly . MYOB allows 5 separate data files with no additonal upgrade , and for me that was where I am , and where I should have stayed . I had tried the QuickBooks trial but never could stick with it long enought before the trial would expire . Buying it did force me all the way thru its paces , it 's just it has little to offer . Much of the time I spent in testing it was to try to find options . I 'm not sure why most all the operations are menus deep and unintuitive but the time testing it is not in use but in trying to figure it out . Bad software on the surface , bad software in deep . Popular or not , I pass .
 When I bought Quickbooks for Mac Pro I figured there would be a few differences between the PC and Mac version but I had no idea how different ! They 're essentially two separate programs that even my CPA , who teaches Quickbooks for the PC , could n't even figure out . He was lost right out of the chute , so he called Intuit and after a being on hold for 20 minutes was told that `` yep , the Mac version does n't have many of the features that come with the PC version . '' His pronouncement was that the Mac version sucks compared to the PC edition . It 's not unusual for there to be minor differences between PC and Mac versions of various software programs but Quickbooks is the worst by far . If you 're a Mac ranger , do your research and comparo before you buy . Sorry I spent the money !
 I could n't even get this program to run . Actually , it did run on my Mac under a different username -- one with virtually nothing else installed -- but would n't work under my username . Calls to support were useless . I got the usual drone-type replies where they were obviously copying-and-pasting some responses that had little or nothing to do with my problem and generally did n't even relate to my operating system -LRB- OS X -RRB- . Of course , having opened the product , it was too late to return it . So I was simply out the money on a product that does n't work at all for me.Given all this , I think one star is perhaps too much . Under some conditions , the product simply does n't work at all , and if it does n't work for you , you will lose your money with no recourse .
 I have had to pick up this software simply because it 's the only way that I can conveniently work with our bookkeeper and our accountant in our nonprofit . But I have not encountered a less intuitive and painful to use piece of software in a long time.To give an example -LRB- that may make sense to accountants but not to people who do n't have a background in accounting like me -RRB-
 MacMoney has been a premier accounting program for the Mac for years . To my dismay it is not only unsupported in OS X but is becoming hard to find printers that still support Classic so the switch was made to QuickBooks for my Real Estate and Property Management business.I followed the manual and on screen instructions for the type of business for over 12 hours only to find the system not performing as expected at which time I went to the internet and found that many others shared my frustration and ended up having to purchase a manual or hire an expert to set up their program.When I purchased QuickBooks I never expected to have to also pay for assistance to set up my company but this seems to be the norm .
 DO NOT switch from QB for Windows to QB for Mac and expect to take your data with you . After spending half a day on the phone with the tech folks at Intuit -LRB- India -RRB- , I was not able to successfully transfer my data . I was required to edit EVERY TRANSACTION to remove slashes and dashes from the memo fields -LRB- I often have dates in there -RRB- , remove every memorized report , one at a time , including the memorized reports that shipped with the product , as well as every memorized transaction . That is just to prepare the file.The good news is that I can get my money back after spending another hour on the phone !
 Quickbooks is the only software that wo n't run on our new mac . Actually it runs fine , but the license wo n't update , and Intuit has found a way to try and pry another $ 200 from us . No thanks !
 I have had such trouble registering this software it is ridiculous . I still do n't think I am registered and this is after trying 5 times . I have pretty much decided to just leave the software running so it wo n't ask me to register again . One time I was on the phone with tech support for 1hour and 13 minutes . Every time I call I speak with someone from India and they can never fix the registering problem . I have been a QB user since the 90s and I have decided that they just hate mac users .
 Nobody should have to deal with Intuit . Like Microsoft itself , there is simply no excuse for the kludges and offensive policies Intuit foists onto its `` customers . '' I would NEVER buy this software if there was an alternative . I am now unable to email my invoices -LRB- which Intuit routes through its own servers , not my email -RRB- so that I 'm forced , for no other reason , to upgrade.This time I 'll also have to replace my computer , which frankly I do n't want to do.Thank you , Intuit , for shoving your craptastic , UNintuitive software on a captive audience . You 're the Bernie Madoff of the software world . FEH !
 Once again QuickBooks dangles promises to us Mac folk that just do n't add up . If you 're like me , your accountant and bookkeeper are on Windoz - that 's why I was psyched when I thought I would really be able to share my Mac QB files with them , and vice-versa . Mistake # 1 - I give my bookkeeper a backup from QB 2006 before I updated to 2007 . BIG mistake . QB is not backward compatable . So when my bookkeper sent the file back to me in Mac format , -LRB- after spending hours updating it -RRB- , I was not able to import it into QB 2007 . To me , this is nuts . But the helpful tech person we spoke with , suggested that even if it had been '07 this sharing business between Mac and Windows versions is sort of a one time deal . This was n't intended to be a back and forth thing , between Mac and Windows . Huh ? So what 's the point ? Here 's my work-around
 Wow ! What a disappointment . I moved over from QBPro 2003 for PC to QBpro 2007 for Mac . I thought I was moving forward , but it is a huge step backwards . The functionality and feature set of the Mac 2007 version are way behind what I had on the 2003 PC version . Printing reports and customer statements is a joke ! The window layout is amateurish with no sense of function . What happened , Intuit ?
 Being a devoted Mac fan forced to work on a PC due to software constraints I was really excited to learn that Quickbooks was available in this format . I was unable to purchase it in the UK but quickly found it for sale in the US . Following installation I tried to open an existing Quickbooks -LRB- PC -RRB- file and discovered that this was not possible . I then spent a lot of time on forums , e-mailing Intuit and calling help lines trying to find out why . Bizarrely US and UK versions are incompatible and Intuit has no plans to release a UK version . PC and Mac versions of Quickbooks are also very reluctant to communicate with each other and a trial version is needed to bridge the gap . I wasted time and money in buying this product and would n't want others to make the same mistake .
 If you have taken or considering taking the plunge to migrate from a pc to mac . beware ! Intuit has NOT put in the attention to its products for mac . Data transfer is hit or miss , but the user interface is old , frustrating and three steps back from its windows component . I had to keep my pc to run the business instead of migrating to all . Waste of money .
 Intuit has treated Mac users as second-class for years and this release is one more example . There are dozens - maybe hundreds - of things this release of Quickbooks does n't do that have been available in the Windows version for years . Example ? You ca n't even sort a register in this version ! From an accounting point of view ... well , let 's say it 's a waste of money . If you want a professional accounting application for the Mac that most people can use with a little investment in learning , buy MYOB/AccountEdge . PLEASE do not waste your money on Quickbooks .
 I recently upgraded with this product from the Pro version of 1998 and in that time they gutted the power of the program requiring a subscription service to process payroll at a minimum of $ 25/mo when the user could do it before . This is a substantial cost impact for a small business with only a few employees -LRB- in my case , the payroll service would cost me $ 6.50 per paycheck ! -RRB- Quickbooks makes big promises but is now segmenting their products so as to keep the revenue coming in and costing the small business more !
 So why does it get 1 star . Well the PC version can do more than the Mac version . The Mac version is crippled , and for no real reason.You can not network this on a Mac -LRB- PC supports 5 users , Mac just 1 -RRB- . You can not create sales orders & custom price levels -LRB- but can on the PC version -RRB- . You can not accept credit card payments in QuickBooks.I looked at MYOB -LRB- you can network MYOB -RRB- and at Quickbooks . Quickbooks won only because this was for at home . I use MYOB at work -LRB- we have 7 people access MYOB AccountEdge -RRB- . The interface on QuickBooks is cleaner . The Invoice LAyout tool a breeze . The option to backup to . Mac is great -LRB- for home use -RRB- When the developers finally stop cutting corners and make the Mac version as feature complete as the PC version it will be a good product . If you need any of the points listed above then choose MYOB and not quickbooks .
 For several years I used QB for Windows , but for the past couple I did n't use it and in the mean time all my Windows machines died or were replaced by Macs . So I got QB for Mac . One of the two major things I need it for , payroll , is not supported on the Mac . For those who do n't know , the payroll feature is not just about paying employees -LRB- I have none but myself , -RRB- it 's also about knowing how big a check to write to yourself based on what was on invoices ; computing withholding ; printing your check and the withholding checks to send to state and federal gov ` t ; printing a W-2 at the end of the year ; getting a breakdown on exactly what you were paid for . None of this is available on the Mac version . That is absolutely incomprehensible to me.On the bright side , it did cost more than the Windows version.I 'm so angry at Intuit I will probably not even use TurboTax again .
 We have used QuickBooks on a PC since the 1990 's . We loved the way Inuit made accounting accessible for people without degrees in accounting . QuickBooks for Mac is TERRIBLE in comparison . If you plan to use the payroll features , it is unusable . QuickBooks Mac payroll redirects you to the internet , where it is handled by PayCycle -LRB- an independent company -RRB- . Payroll is not integrated at all in the Mac -LRB- instead import/export operation -RRB- . On the PC , it is part of the QuickBooks application . We could not get job costing to work , and the tax calculations made no sense . We were paying TONS of money to PayCycle , so fortunately the taxes were filed automatically . We finally reverted back to QuickBooks for Windows and are MUCH happier with Intuit handling our payroll .
 Registering most software is a process that has been streamlined until it is mostly painless . Not so with Quickbooks Pro for Mac . After buying a copy , I could only open it 8 times before I HAD to register the product - the online registration process failed so I HAD to register by phone . After keying in my license info , I was put on hold for 5 minutes . The agent laboriously re-typed all of my information and tried to sell me more stuff . The agent balked when I asked to complain about this to a supervisor . The software seems OK , but Intuit 's system for extracting information out of paying customers is odious and time consuming .
 I upgraded from 2005 for only 3 reasons .1 -RRB- I wanted a universal binary version for my new macbook pro . 2005 had a habit of crashing every now and then .2 -RRB- I wanted to be able to synchronise my address book with the OS X address book .3 -RRB- I hoped that they had updated some of the antiquated interface behaviour.The result . I got none of the above .1 -RRB- It still crashes . Probably more often . .2 -RRB- Absolutley useless . It insists on using quickbook entries rather than OS X address book entries . And given half a chance it will even screw up your address book replace correct addresses with random parts of an entry .3 -RRB- Still an old fashioned piece of junk somewhat akin to my 10th grade COBOL project .
 QuickBooks Pro 2007 for Mac is a laugh . It is so archaic and totally formatted for PC Users.Mac people are visually oriented and this is classic CPA stuff without any good ideas . QBKS Pro 2005 for PC has more life and is definitely more tuned into what the Mac version should be.If I had n't heard good things about the 2009 version finally coming up to where Intuit should have been , I would never have bought another thing from them . 2009 version is great , still needs some tweeking but is very close to the older formats they had before Intuit left the Mac clients on the lurch way back when Apple was having trouble before Steve Jobs came back .
 I spent hours on the phone with tech support and they still were not able to tell me how to back up my quickbooks for mac with info from quickbooks for windows . If you are trying to switch from windows to mac , look into whether you will be able to transfer your data first .
 The interface was not bad as I entered company information back to the beginning of our fiscal year . Then came the payroll entries . If you must do payroll , avoid this product ! You can not process payroll from within QBPro . You must either use the Quickbooks online service -LRB- and trust all of your employees ' personal information to the nameless , faceless employees of a company somewhere in cyberspace -RRB- or use a stand alone payroll application from a third party developer that is a total piece of crap . I 've been using a 12-year-old copy of MYOB that works great except that it does run on the new Macs . When we decided to `` upgrade '' to QBPro at the recommendation of our accountant , we had no idea of the level of frustration and disappointment that was in store . How can the premier small business accounting application not integrate payroll into the application ?! What was Intuit thinking ?!
 I imported from Quicken for Mac to Quickbooks Pro for Mac and after 3 weeks of trying to make the result work , I gave up . The interface is far less intuitive than in Quicken -LRB- for example , entering vendor names by typing the first letters then scrolling through the choices with the arrow keys as in Q -RRB- does not work in QB , forcing one to guess at the exact vendor name the first time ; and the imported names and addresses do not go automatically to vendors if they have been paid , and customers if they provide payments ; rather they all go to an ` other names ' list that , with a thousand or two names in it , can not be simply dragged to the correct list ; rather each one has to be edited individually . When I started forming invoices and quotes for customers , I found that QB would forget the customer 's address , sometimes including it and other times yielding a blank field . Also the field lengths in QB are often shorter than in Q , resulting in incomplete import of memo fields . In addition , export capabilities are negligible ; one can only export transactions and other details in a proprietary format that ca n't be used elsewhere , unlike Q which exports in a readable and massageable format . Overall it seems that QB has been written by a different company than Q , and to a large extent the programs are not compatible even though the import from Q to QB appears at first viewing to work OK . It is better to start a new financial year with new software and enter all data in again by hand rather than try to make QB use Q data , in my view . I have switched to MYOB AccountEdge at a rather higher cost , and find that this clean start at the financial year beginning works OK for me . The MYOB product is a little clunkier than QB with more fields to fill in and numbered accounts all over the place , and its Q import is a total joke -LRB- with repeated questions on where to allocate accounts for each transaction without an explanation screen -RRB- so that import of any more than 10 transactions becomes laughable -RRB- but its export abilities are wonderful and I think its inventory control is better than QB ; also , it has not yet lost invoice addresses the way QB did on me . One has to input addresses in fields before memorizing tranactions however otherwise the memorized transactions in MYOB do n't update . I have found that MYOB is about as intuitive as Q when it comes to entry of payee fields etc ; while QB has lost that data entry ease entirely . QB may have an advantage if your goal includes payroll however ; MYOB seems to have a pretty sad service unless you are prepared to pay all of the taxes yourself .
 I returned this product and I am waiting for my refund . I wanted to switch from PC to Mac at work , but this version of Quickbooks did not work . It does not print a customer 's total balance !!! It only prints the balance of that particular invoice . I called Intuit , and they said it was `` product limitation '' . Thanks , but no thanks . I want my money back !
 The only thing worse that Quickbooks for Windows is Quickbooks for Mac . As users of both products , I agree completely with the multiple negative reviews posted earlier . Intuit 's refusal to support bugs within their software is unethical . I 'd say criminal , but since we all have to agree to a disclaimer that no piece of software comes with any guarantee to do anything , anytime , anywhere , there 's no legal recourse.When are the consumer protection groups going to wake up and go after software companies for their refusal to take responsibility for their products , with Intuit at the head of the line ? When are we consumers going to wake up and tell our accountants to take their requirement we use Quickbooks and give us some real alternatives?I suppose a big part of the problem is that there are n't any decent alternatives . Quickbooks seems to have killed most of them off - but you might take a look at the open source GnuCash program . Perhaps it can morph into a Quickbooks alternative .
 We got an Intel iMac , so had no choice but to upgrade to QB 2007 . Now I understand that to do payroll , you HAVE to pay monthly fees to one of two outside companies to actually do payroll . Only doing a few payroll checks a month does not justify the ~ $ 25/month fee for us . In our older version -LRB- QB 4 -RRB- , you used to be able to manually input the tax withholding info and generate tax forms -LRB- 941 , 940 , W-2 -RRB- to at least use as a guideline for manually doing IRS paperwork . Now ... no way . You apparently can not bypass this step and manually enter anything in payroll . You can buy an Excel spreadsheet on e-bay to do payroll , but we are not sure how to tie that in with QB . Intuit does mention this issue in small print , but we did not understand the roadblock this would be to using QB 2007 . We are not pleased .
 Intuit claims they spend lots of money supporting the Mac version , but you could n't tell from QuickBooks Pro 2007 . This is essentially the same software they came out with six years ago , and has all the same limitations.The immediate problem for those considering purchasing this today is that QB Pro 2007 crashes when trying to export to Excel 2008 , the latest version of both pieces of software . That 's right ... Intuit does n't support the world 's largest software publisher 's largest-selling product . And they advertise that they do -LRB- see the claims about easy export to Excel above -RRB- . Yet their own Mac support discussion boards are filled with unanswered requests for a solutions to this problem . When you click on `` Export to Excel '' in a report window it crashes Excel 2008 . I spent an hour on the phone with Intuit and they blame Microsoft . Microsoft blames them . We 've been here before , right?Intuit needs to fix their product , and where is v. 2008 with all the features that the Windows or Vista version has ?
 QBPro only includes three check layouts without any ability to adjust individual fields on the check . This is an issue since the default voucher layout prints the $ amount directly on top of the pre printed `` AMOUNT '' on my voucher check . You can move the layout as a whole , but that moves all content - which in my case is properly positioned -LRB- except for the amount -RRB- . Downloading the trial version is GOOD advice - try before you buy .
 If there was an award for the biggest waste of money I 've made , it would have to be this purchase . This software could n't find a barn in Wisconsin , let alone anything useful from your computer . I recommend getting the plague before investing in this .
 I purchased this product and it will not run on Vista . I can get it to run from the CD ; however , it will not recover any files . For comparison , I have investigated several online recovery tools and they at least can find deleted files . Do not buy this product . The company web page offers nothing in support . I can not even update my product since it will not run native under Vista -LRB- no installed product to update -RRB- . My only wish is that I could use profane words here to describe my opinion of this product .
 Not only did this software not run in compatibility mode -LRB- XP SP2/3 -RRB- , it would n't even run on my XP partition without the CD . Then , after MANY hours of examining a drive I know to be 100 % full of bad sectors , it found no issues . This program is junk .
 I 've worked with various Pinnacle Studio versions since last decade , and they 've all had two things in common :1 . When the program works , it 's superb .2 . The other 50 % of the time , it crashes frequently , and hard!For years , Pinnacle had designed the market 's top , novice-affordable video editing/authoring platforms , but for some frustrating reason , they just ca n't seem to keep the bugs out . This verson is no exception.Lately , the competition in this market has mushroomed , and there are better alternatives available for the same price . At last , others have emulated the Pinnacle platform while eliminating the work/creativity-killing bugs.My advice ? Shop around . Google the competition . But save yourself the frustration and steer away from anything Pinnacle .
 I have purchased this product one week ago and have yet been able to install it because of software errors . I have contacted tech support who have yet to provide me with a solution to this problem.See for yourself and go to the Pinnaclesys.com website and look up support for this product.This product is problematic and now I 'm out $ 120.00 because you can not return opened software .
 I stumbled across this review page for Pinnacle Mediasuite 10 while looking for reviews on Pinnacle Studio Ultimate v12 . Is n't it interesting that one needs to scroll way down to find the negative reviews.As of now I 'm saying that Pinnacle 12 has the same performance problems as the earlier versions.I 've become highly cynical of any product reviews by the shill writers for PC Mag , and even Amazon who play up features that do n't work and unfairly compare favored products with other software company products.I can not get Pinnacle 12 to accept any input , either commands or to detect an input device . Maybe it 's just me , but I expect , as others have , expensive software to be better designed How many times have I wished to be able to tear the eyeballs out of the teenage programmers who must be writing this stuff ? Lots.On to another brand of video editing software ; and I 'll be reading the reviews much more critically .
 My experience with Pinnacle Studio Mediasuite 10 is that it has killed two separate computers of mine that I have tried to install the software onto . It caused such a drop in performance , not just while using the program , but while using other programs as well . Blue screen errors and random lockups that even with Windows XP SP2 I had to do a hard shutdown to escape . I ended up having to do a complete hard drive recovery to finally fix the problems . I am positive that Studio is the problem because after recovering the first computer I tried to install the program onto a second computer and the blue screen errors and drop in performance started on that computer . Just like the plague of years gone by ; how many computers have to die before Pinnacle comes up with a cure ?! My recommendation is to avoid it like the plague .
 This is the worst software I 've ever worked with . Since April , I 've had nothing but problems with it . Every time I do their recommended `` fix '' , it creates another problem . Tech support is a joke - I 've not had one e-mail response that helped & when I went on their live support , the tech kept disconnecting me . I 've also had to reformat my hard drive 4 times because of this product . To add salt to the wound , I 've lost 3 months of work I did on creating a DVD for my church.Don ' t even think about buying this piece of garbage . I 've invested $ 400 in it & am sure I will have to fight Pinnacle to get a refund .
 This was my first software purchase in quite some time and I am regretting every second of it.I recently purchased a Sony Hi-Def camcorder . I wanted software that I could easily transfer , create and edit my home movies for DVD . I picked Pinnacle based upon their reputation.I paid $ 125 for this software . Mind you , it 's a lot of money but I would n't really care if the product actually worked.Immediately upon installation I found problems with the third disc . I later found out through the Pinnacle support forums that there were defects in the original discs and that a patch had to be installed before attempting to install the final disc . I downloaded the necessary patch and was able to complete the install.Next problem concerned error messages that pop up immediately upon program execution . These error messages claim that I ca n't use the program unless I activate the necessary codecs . I do n't quite understand the reason for these error messages when I completed all the necessary registration requirements.The next problem concerns Instant Cinema , which crashes immediately upon activating.I wrote at least 4 emails to Customer Support . All went totally unanswered . It is obvious that tech support is not interested in addressing concerns via email.I did n't realize the horror of my purchase until I found my way over to the Pinnacle websupport bulletin board and read countless messages from users that were complaining about this software . There seems to be a total uproar from individuals like myself that paid good money for software that does not work as promised.Since most retailers do not take back opened software I must now deal with an unresponsive company in trying to get a refund for this software.Please take my warning and try any other editing software besides Pinnacle .
 I have used several consumer-grade video editing software titles over the years . When I wanted to upgrade from Nero 6 I saw how Pinnacle included a green screen and thought it would be a good value . I was wrong.The software did not install easily . Once installed it wanted to upgrade itself , but it crashes when it does this . So I manually downloaded the patch and was up and running again . Then another patch comes along . After installing the 2nd patch it tells me I do n't have a valid serial number and it forces me to re-install the software . So I ca n't use the patch.These are the kind of flaws I 'd expect from a cut-rate software , not something priced on par with better developer 's software.And this software needs some patches . It will hang up frequently , and will stop displaying scenes as it fills up my RAM . Yet I have 1G of RAM and 5G of virtual RAM set up on my machine.I have been able to create some projects with this software , but if I had n't already been soaked for $ 130 I 'd replace it in a heartbeat .
 I have been a loyal customer with Pinnacle Systems since version 7 . Each version has had some major quality issues with the initial release . However , Pinnacle Studio Mediasuite version 10 is the worst I have seen . To date , even with the current patches they have provided . This product flat out does not work . Previous projects dont import right , system is unstable , activation keys dont work , the performance is completely unacceptable even on a newly formated and clean installed OS . There are many more issues than this , just read the pinnacle systems web board . The product is painstakingly unusable . Also , unless you return this product back with in 30days , your stuck with it . I strongly suggest considering an alternate video editing software .
 I am running a relatively new machine with XP service Pack 2 , a 3.06 GHz Intel Processor and 1 Gig of Ram . As a long time user of Version 9 which has always worked well and I was looking forward to version 10 for improvements and added capabilities , what I got was a nightmare . Version 10 is completely unusable and locks up 90 % of the time . Another note is that if you open a project created in version 9 it converts it into a project that can only be used in 10 . So all the 9 projects that I opened in 10 are now unusable in version 9 . Pinnacle should be ashamed of themselves for releasing such trash .
 Crash and freeze ! That 's all it does ! I have a high-end machine and this will not run . Emailed support and after 6 days I was told the standard `` drfrag and shutdown background programs '' They are useless ! I have un-installed and re-installed 3 times . I am running a P4 3400 , PCIe 256mb vid card , 2gb PC5400 mem and plenty of HDD space . This program is a pig ! Do n't waste your money , I did .
 This has got to be the WORST software experience I 've ever had , and I 've been a software professional . After using Studio 9 , I ca n't believe this company put out such an inferior product.This product simply does n't work , and the technical support can only be called incompetent . They just run you around in circles.As for a refund , try and get it !
 Anybody out there you is thinking of buying studio 10 Please do n't . I have been a loyal customer of pinnacle back to studio 8 then studio 9 then 9 + now I own the full works studio 10 + with mediasuite . It is a piece of crap . Stay with studio 9 + . You will pull every strand of your hair out trying to get this program to work and then pinnacle live support on weekends will push you over the edge . I tried with tech then I tried with another tech who gave me different answers . When I told him what the first person he said the first person is still learning . Please do n't buy . Oh yeah any good lawyers out there this will make a good class action suit this product is so bad !
 This software comes with four cds but Pinnacle only put three in a cd sleeve , leaving the fourth to be banged around during shipment and arrived highly scratched . During the installation process you are prompted to install the 3rd cd but fails to install . I had to manually install the 3rd disk and then go back to the main install program to finish . That installation is for Studio Plus 10 only . The MediaSuite portion is contained on the 4th cd . After starting this installation , it refused to recognise the previous Studio Plus 10 installation -LRB- a requirement -RRB- and exits . A problem that Pinnacle is currently working on . The program is barely out on the shelf and we 're up to three patches so far . All this combined with a 90 + minute install , cd-key PLUS online activation , lengthy start time and the fact that the MediaSuite portion is dead-out-of-the-box makes this software a definate waste of money .
 Do not buy anything from Pinnacle . Their software deceptively leads you to believe that you need to purchase further programs to burn DVDs . I did so and got incorrect activation codes twice before requesting a refund which they have refused to give even though the product does not work and meets their advertised return policy . I have filed a formal complaint with the Federal Trade Commission for deceptive trade policies and knowingly offering defective products .
 This is an piece of junk software.Problems started with installation . It took two times clean installation to bring up the software and it keeps crashing.PLEASE DONT BUY this software.I do not what to do with the software.PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE ... . Do n't buy this software .
 I bought Web Easy Pro without knowing anything about web site design . Web Easy taught my quite a bit . for all I learned I wont ' get my $ ... back for what I paid . Text blocks will publish as GIF , Then right when you think you have finally published a working site , the thing looks like ... . Then you have to juggle things through trial and error , then you might have it . Then it will pick an arbitrary page and make it your home page.Web spiders do n't even stop by Web Easy pages , thats got ta hurt business !!! Oh , and for a kick if you use meta tags , Web Easy uses its ' own instead of yours .
 I bought this software because it said you did n't need to know HTML , and that it was for `` Professional '' websites . I feel that it is misleading.If you want to make a small , simple website with some blinking graphics and a few easy links , then this program is ok . If you want to make anything more complicated , then get something else or learn HTML and website design so you know what all the `` features '' they do n't explain are for.The documentation that comes with the software is only for the simple features . You have to go online to get any substantial help , and then it really is n't that thorough . You do need to know something about HTML.I finally got a website designed after reading the documentation that came with the program -LRB- several times to see if I was missing anything -RRB- , consulting the online support several times , and using two HTML reference books , and lots of trial and error.Yes , this program has lots of advanced features , but it does n't tell you how to use them , or at most , you must really dig to find the info.If I seem to be rambling it 's because I just got done creating the web site and I feel tired , frustrated , and lied to .
 I purchased this hoping it would help me set up an initial front for my business . The packaging indicated that I could download the store front piece and have my web sight up ` easy ' . You could not download the software you had to call and order it and when I received my order , it was the same Web Easy software I had already purchased . I was very unhappy and went out and bought MS Publisher which I LOVE !
 This software was a complete disappointment for me . From the package is look like it had some great tools . One major problem , if you want to edit existing web pages , DO N'T buy this software . You can not edit existing pages . They must be made in web easy . This issue proved to be a major issue as I bought this software to to edit existing pages I had already made .
 A complete waste of money.This program only works as advertised if you agree to store you website on the company 's server for a mere -LSB- charge -RSB- a month . The ability to store your page on for example geocities is possible , but after 2 hours I sure could n't figure out how to make it work.The program itself is sloppy . User interface screens have incomplete text , unaligned buttons.When I returned it to the store , they did n't hesitate to give me my money back , because the employee himself had returned his copy as well!If I had the option to give this product zero stars I would have .
 National Geo TOPO support informs me that they no longer support recent Apple operating systems . You are on your own and they do n't care .
 I had a very old version of this software that , of course , was not compatible with Windows 7 . So , I ordered this expecting an updated interface to conform to today 's standards . WRONG . The interface to this software still is straight from the DOS world of 1990 . Since this software allows me to export a map as a TIFF file , my workaround is to open the TIFF file in Photoshop to make the kind of notations that I require .
 I should not have order this product after reading someone else 's review about loading on Windows 7 or Vista , both 64 bit . To many hours trying to load and than getting files/maps on box . Still can not load files as product instructions . I thought NG would have put out a better product . Google Earth has more up to date maps . I like NG 's support ... . tell us your problems ... I 'm not the first with this . Where are the Fixes for this . Spent to many hours already to tell them now to make it work . Not AGAIN
 This program does have some good features - but the interface is awkward and it crashes frequently . Also , the USGS web site provides free downloads of all 1:24,000 quadrangle maps . With a little trim and paste work you can get custom areas and you do n't have to spend good money and not good software .
 I had high hopes that this software would be very helpful in mapping out weekend hikes . Much to my regret , it falls far short . I can overlook the poor interface . I knew going into this that I could not download the maps to my Garmin . I wanted only to be able to plot out hikes , print out the paper maps , and transfer the route to the Garmin . All this works to a degree , with the map quality limiting the plotting . Unfortunately the quality of the maps falls short of usable . The map data is too small to use until blown up past level 5 . At this point it starts getting fuzzy and blurs badly . I guess that I should have realized that a raster map when blown up too far , starts degrading badly.The worst part was that when I asked for assistance on this problem , I traded a few emails with a support person at the product website , and then when my questions got specific and I supplied him with samples , I no longer heard from him . He just quit replying.I will be asking for an RMA . Too bad - It sounded like a great product , but did not live up to expectations .
 TOPO ! has the worst user interface ever created . It does n't follow the standard user interface designed by Apple , Adobe , and Microsoft . - There 's no hand tool to move around the map -- rather you have to move your cursor to the edge of the screen and click to push the map around . Hard to control and creates lots of cursor movement - The tool to draw routes is hard to control
 After experiencing some problems with the route planning function , I contacted National Geo TOPO support . I was very bluntly informed that TOPO no longer supported recent Mac OS . Tough luck you 're on your own !
 Be informed that the claim to be compatible with Garmin is bogus . Although it can read the signal from Garmin , it will not upload the maps . Makes it pretty worthless as a GPS addon .
 I 'm pretty floored that National Geographic would put their name on a product of such poor quality . I have struggled to get this software to work reliably under both Windows XP and MacOS X . While it does launch sometimes , it frequently crashes . It is slow and full of bugs . Map quality is ok . There are much better products out there . If you 're a Mac user , check out MacGPS Pro . Night and day difference in terms of application and map quality.What really blows me away , though , is National Geographic 's unwillingness to help paying customers . Calls to the mapping software division simply go into a voicemail black hole . It does n't matter if you select customer service or tech support . No one ever answers and calls are never returned . If you 're lucky enough to get an email response , you 'll wait days , maybe weeks and then it 's usually just a boilerplate support message with no real help . Today , out of sheer frustration , I called the National Geographic Magazine customer service department and spoke with a very nice representative who informed me that he has received multiple calls from frustrated TOPO customers like me and that calls are never returned by the mapping division . He told me that he himself has tried calling them numerous times and has never received a call back , much less had a person answer the phone . He told me that there was , essentially , nothing I can do , that the mapping division is known for being indifferent to customer issues , and that I would simply have to wait for an email response if they felt like responding . Wow . He then he gave me the main National Geographic Society number in DC to call . So I called them and explained my situation to the receptionist . She hung up the phone.Furthermore , National Geographic 's support site is woefully out of date . The MapXchange service is supposed to update your TOPO maps . Despite being referenced repeatedly throughout support documents and FAQs , the service is no longer offered . Instead , National Geographic says that by signing up for AllTrails.com one can receive TOPO updates . So I did that . But there are no updates . It 's a joke.BUYER BEWARE
 Do not waste your money on this horrible software . Even on a 2.4 GHz , 2 GB RAM MacBook Pro , it staggers to run . It takes an average of 20 seconds just to change zoom levels and pans incredibly slowly . Try drawing a route and half the time the whole thing freezes and crashes and you have to start over . I 'll say it again - DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 The maps themselves are great , the software is garbage . Ca n't export large files , ca n't print to larger than on sheet of paper , without you having to piece it all back together like a jigsaw puzzle . Tech support is absolutely TERRIBLE . You have to email a question , then a day later you get an answer that is WRONG , if they bother to reply . They will NOT answer you by phone . Their suggestions for fixes on their website do n't work . If you report a bug , they want you to tell them how to fix it . Amazon does n't show the Alaska topo map , but that is the program I have , not California .
 This product is very hard to use , especially if you are trying to download it to a Magellan Triton 500 . Not user friendly or intuitive at all .
 I have the Nevada Topographic map.This is very poor in so many ways . The worst is one must keep putting in the disk to use the maps . Not so bad when you have a computer with a built in disk drive , but very bad for one who does not . There seems to be no way around this . The disk must be in the drive for the program to work.In addition , I have not been able to access all the features . What is good is I can print out the maps easily , just nothing fancy.The program does n't want to move around . It is difficult to get the map to scroll by just hitting the edge.It this were 10 dollars I would not gripe . But at 40 dollars it is n't worth it.AD2
 After spending $ 250 on a GPS , $ 40 on a memory card , and $ 100 on this software -LRB- all at the advice of REI -LRB- yeah , I bought it from REI , not Amazon -RRB- -RRB- , I saw that the fine print of the software says you ca n't download the maps to your GPS.What 's the point of having maps sitting on your computer hard drive that you ca n't download to your GPS ? My computer hard drive is n't going hiking . My computer hard drive is n't hunting for difficult-to-find street . My computer hard drive is n't doing a search and rescue mission . Oh , but if your computer hard drive ever DOES want to go hiking , it wo n't get lost . You , on the other hand , will be lost and out $ 80 - $ 100 if you buy this software.If you thought National Geographic was a reputable organization , they 're not ! -LRB- And I guess the same is true of REI . -RRB- And does Amazon warn you about this -- not that I 've found so far .
 You can usually tell a lot about a company and it 's products if you ever need it 's customer service . ProSoft 's Data Rescue II comes up short in both product and Customer Service.One of our company 's Intel MacBooks experienced hardrive problems on Friday Aug. 22 . In order to try to expedite the data recovery I ordered Data Rescue II from Amazon and received it promptly the following Monday . The Macbook booted from the Data Rescue boot disk and proceeded to scan . It would not recognize the hardrive . I rescanned in expert mode and had similar results . Since there is no manual or paperwork included with the product I visited ProSoft 's website and read the manual and FAQ 's . I rebooted again and went thru the same motions . Similar results . I 'm the company IT guy so I 'm not a rookie.Next step , try customer service ... . Customer Service responded immediately with an email suggesting that I contact sales and purchase the `` upgrade '' that was compatible with Leopard . -LRB- It was advertised as Leopard compatible -RRB- . After downloading the `` new '' version I found it to be exactly the same disk -LRB- v1 .2.1 -RRB- as I had already.A second request was made of customer service and received basically the same response , suggesting that I contact sales and purchase an upgrade . I can only assume that a real person was n't responding to the emails or perhaps they would have responded differently.I 'm reluctantly sending the MacBook hardrive to a data recovery service , as time is important in this case . I 'm also returning Data Rescue II to Amazon . Perhaps the product would have worked if I had the proper version or if I had an informed response from ProSoft . In any case I 've wasted a lot of my time and Amazon 's in this folly.Be sure to examine your options before purchasing this product . Their product MAY work , but their Customer Service gets zero stars .
 The product did not recover the data on my drive . It spent over 24 hours scanning the drive and then the data it recovered was unusable . I would not buy this product again .
 Another computer ravaging piece of crapware from prosoft . Like Drive idiot 1 & 2 this product does not work and is totally unessessary . Time Machine with Leopard is awesome and it works . Do n't trust prosoft they do n't support their products and charge for updates on 2 months after purchase that do nothing for software that does less than nothing .
 Near useless to me . I work in video . Sure , it recovered about 500 clips , but without the names , it 's impossible to tell which is which without manually going through them ! What a pain . If it would retrieve the files with names , I would give this 5 stars .
 1 Star
 In spite of some of the more negative reviews I decided to give this a go . Unfortunately it is NOT compatible with Apple 's latest operating system , OSX 10.7 -LRB- Lion -RRB- . In spite of the packaging and according to their own website -LRB- NatGeo -RRB- they are toying with the idea of updating it . This does not instill any confidence in their product and it seems like their product is made for PC with a Mac application as an afterthought . Total disappointment!Here 's what the NatGeo tech support wrote back to me when I encountered this compatibility issue : Dear Jim , We reviewed your email and found the following article in our knowledgebase that may help answer your question . If you need further assistance after reading the below article , please reply to this email with as much information about the question or problem you are having as you can provide.Thank you for contacting National Geographic Maps , Technical SupportNational Geographic MapsTicket # -LRB- redacted -RRB- ------------------------------- Knowledgebase Article
 I have three of the states series products -LRB- CO , AZ , and TX -RRB- as well as their early `` Region series '' which went back many years . The quality of the product has deteriorated with every subsequent release . It 's as if they do little or no testing for the Mac versions . I run the most recent software version -LRB- 4.50 -RRB- on my intel macbook as well as my old G4 tower . There are numerous bugs/problems as well as huge gaps and inconsistencies in their `` documentation . '' Their new website support for Mac tells the user to `` Click the left mouse button . '' -LRB- The old website support site was probably five or six years out of date . -RRB- Forget trying to edit or view tracklog info . The waypoint/route/notes pane does n't have tracks . There is something called `` Trail Chart . '' What is it ? Who knows , every time I click on it TOPO ! crashes.The only thing this product has going for it is a reasonably nice looking seamless interface , but it is way overpriced for that . I am going to start relying on a much more well-supported product , namely MacGPS pro .
 Sadly the maps included in the TOPO ! state series are NOT the same as the Trails Illustrated maps also sold by National Geographic . I have no idea why , but the TOPO ! state series maps do not include trails on them like their TI maps . I 'm told that the National Park versions do include trails on them , but only inside the parks.This might be ok if all you need are topos showing roadways or are willing to trust GPS plots that you download from the Internet , but this package is not very useful otherwise .
 The interface is difficult to use , the maps are poorly scanned , and the icons and animations are very amateurish . The user guide does n't cover all of the functions available -LRB- like `` split in 2 '' -RRB- . It 's a poorly created program that should n't be associated with National Geographic . I would n't recommend this product .
 Beware of faulty CD ! I 've been a big fan of Topo ! for a long time . I have several state CD sets . The software has gradually improved over the years . This single CD of Colorado does n't work . It installs fine but does n't see any of the maps on the CD . It was stupid of me to throw out the packaging so I guess I 'm screwed : - -LRB-
 The product installed per instructions . However , when I attempted to transfer files , the product I purchased did not allow selection of specific files to relocate . ALL files had to be relocated ! However , if you wanted to be able to select specific files , then you have to buy the ULTRA version -LRB- costs twice as much -RRB- . I feel this limitation of the product should have been clearly stated on the box . I am sending the product back to Eisenworld for a refund .
 I wish I had read the reviews here rather than picking this up on impulse . It absolutely does not state anywhere on the package that this software will ONLY transfer EVERYTHING on one pc to the other . In fact , when you install the software it LOOKS as though you can pick and choose but the check boxes are not responsive - you have to upgrade to the Ultra version to unlock them.PC Relocator estimated that it would take 124 hours -LRB- !!! -RRB- to migrate all my files from one PC to the other . I left it running for 8 hours and when I came back it was down to 121 hours ! I could manually install everything on the new PC and move across all the files using a 64mb flash drive in a fraction of the time.I feel totally conned . I read the packaging for this product and another that cost $ 40 more and this one sounded better . It even had better reviews quoted on the box - they were probably lifted from reviews of the Ultra version . What a lie .
 Put simply , this software does not work.I had my notebook pc hooked up to my new desktop -LRB- with the cable that came in the box -RRB- to transfer 18 gigabytes worth of programs and settings . When it was finally done transfering 47 hours , 6 minutes later I was so excited to go on my new PC ! Soon after the computers restarted I was furious . My new computer had a totally different background and settings , none of the programs were installed correctly and I kept getting error messages . I had to do a `` system restore '' to undo the transfer . I ended up manually changing the settings and installing the programs and transfering my old files to my new PC over our wireless network.Do not get this product . It is an absolute waste of money and time -LRB- I threw away my whole weekend messing with this thing -RRB- . It will leave your new PC with a neverending stream of error messages and hardache . The easiest way to transfer your files , programs and settings is manually , not with PCRelocator.I 'm now trying to send my software back . I 've sent the required fax and am awaiting for them to `` accept '' my `` appliaction '' . As they state `` not all applications will be accepted '' . Whatever happened to their 100 % money back guarentee on the side of the box ? I give up.I warn you - do not waste your time and money buying this program .
 I am absolutely appalled by the experience of trying to purchase this item . Despite the negative comments by other customers , I bought this item anyway . After several e-mails to Power-by-Hand , I never received download instructions . As a matter of fact , I never even received a response ! Horrible customer service ! Shame on amazon.com for allowing this vendor to remain on board . In trying to cancel my purchase , it took weeks to get a refund . If you want this product , you are better off downloading the most recent version from slashdata.com and paying the extra $ 10 to purchase it . You can even use it for a 30-day trial period ! Good luck .
 I bought Jump Start Toddler , when my child was a toddler . I did n't like it . In a lapse of judgement this weekend , I bought Jump Start Advanced First Grade . I do n't like this one either . It is completely complicated . It will say move the balloon into the correct area , and it wo n't tell you HOW to move it . Playing it the first time is completely trial and error . There are no clear directions , so a first grader ca n't do it alone until he/she has done it several times before . The whole thing is supposed to be a scooter race . But , it does n't tell you how to get the tokens you need to start the scooter race . I do n't like this at all . I wo n't buy JumpStart again . I do n't like the story line of the game and the game is confusing to play . I do n't know if the educational part is good or not , we 're still dealing with HOW to play the thing .
 I realize that my review is not about this product , but I think it is relevant to potential purchasers of Avanquest products . I do not know anything about this particular program , but have had considerable difficulty with Avanquest as detailed below.I purchased My Ultimate Organizer 7.0 via download and subsequent key.I am not making this up - the product displayed a message in Serbo-Croatian telling me the key had expired.Four hours later with Technical Support and the problem is still not resolved -LRB- despite erasing the program , reinstalling , trying different keys , searching the Windows Registry , etc -RRB- . It takes a full hour on hold to get a technical support representative and at the conclusion of the last session , I was told to contact Customer Service for a CD copy in the hopes that that would resolve the issue . Now Customer Service tells me Technical Support must send me the copy , although Technical Support says otherwise . I am out $ 30 for a program that is at this point , totally useless , and left adrift by Avanquest who has my money and refuses to help me.I would purchase Avanquest products with extreme caution . If you have a Technical Support issue , you will have to wait a minimum of 60 minutes on hold -LRB- no 800 number -RRB- , and then get fairly substandard service after that .
 It got the one star ONLY because it actually sent a fax ! Save your money ! Poor instructions , Info lost after preview , no editing after preview , no menu bar status huge step backwards!If you have a choice of using this software and getting a boil lanced ... Take the lancing!I only bought this because the version I used on 9.2.2 was very intuitive.This version on 10.4.9 ... NOT !!
 I got this software bundled with an HP DVD Writer and wasted hours upon hours of my life that I will never get back . Here is a short list of problems : * I wasted days trying to write a DVD and never got a single one to play properly on my DVD player . * Crashes . I have found 5 reproducible crash bugs . 5 . * The controls are non-intuitive . Try clicking one of them and discover that they Un-Do all of your work . It is cruel . * Importing . I have tried for the last three hours to work around this bug , but I ca n't figure it out . Trying to import a scene from a DVD , it plays fine on my DVD player and my computer , but importing it into Arcsoft truncates the 20 minute video to 11 seconds . What is that ? * Editing scenes vs Editing chapters . I wasted hours editing scenes ... But the work is all lost when you go to create chapters . What is that all about ? What a waste of time.I have no idea what other software to buy , but I can tell you that Arcsoft is not it . Plainly , it stinks and I wo n't buy any of their products ever .
 This seems to be a common complaint but I 'd just like to confirm it from my own recent experience.Sure ArcSoft provide a demo trial -LRB- 15 day -RRB- version for download . Sure , the software is easy to install and seems easy enough to use , except for DVD authoring , which I have n't tried yet due to `` hitting a brick wall '' in the editor . Try getting ANY support from their people if you dare , though . While their website has a searchable FAQ knowledgebase , it 's impossible to contact any humans at ArcSoft . You just get the `` canned '' email response asking you to search the FAQ . I have tried numerous ways to get one of their staff to answer a couple of simple pre-sales questions and have been totally ignored.Appaling customer service . It 's almost like they DO N'T want to sell their software and makes it difficult to trust the company behind the product .
 Alright , I have been loyal to the arcsoft name long enough ... the truth must come out ! They do n't fix there problems and when they do you need to buy the second edition -LRB- which then inturn has its own problems -RRB- It is not reliable , it crashes often , the effects are hit and miss , the burner works 70 % of the time and the DVD wont play on a thing . THEN the quality of the DVD is not what it should be . Yea , so I am bitter , but I have waisted to much time and money and do n't want the reader -LRB- you -RRB- doing the same . Go with penicle or vegas , either would be a better bet !
 I purchased this product to replace my earlier version of Arcsoft DVD . The product has crashed repeatedly and has yet to perform . You can not get any technical help from Arcsoft at any time except their online question and suggested answers . Do not buy this product for any reason
 The software is okay when it works but it 's buggy.There is absolutely no live technical support . I sent an email per the online support page , and was sent an email telling me to call a support number . Was on hold over an hour -LRB- twice -RRB- and fnally gave up . Buy ULead instead !!
 If I could I would give the software itself a 10 star rating , however , if I could , I would give the support at Arcsoft a minus 300 ! ShowBizDVD is a fantastic product that does what it is supposed to do as long as you buy the physical version of the software and NEVER need support for it . I purchased the downloadable version of the software from Arcsoft , which costs the same as the physical CDROM copy of it , and have regretted it ever since . The support on Arcsoft is laughable . Along with two of my co-workers who also bought the downloadable version , I have received the runaround with the various problems I have had with the software . The downloadable version has some limited capabilities from the physical version . I know this because my company bought the physical version and I did a comparison . I have for the last month tried to solve this problem through ArcSoft 's so-called support to no avail . They have asked the same questions repeatedly , they tell me over and over that the downloaded version and the physical version are the same , they are not , I have proven this through a side by side comparison . The other individuals in my company that also bought the downloadable version have had the same problems , have noticed the same differences , and have had the same responses from `` support '' , if you can really call it that . Unfortunately I may have to take some legal actions to get the problem solved . If you buy the physical version of the software , you should be okay as far as the full-functioning version of the software is concerned , but good luck in getting any support out of Arcsoft ! So that 's why I say it 's a great product that does some amazing things , but -- BUYER BEWARE !!
 I got this software bundled with an hp dvd writer . The software seems usable at first , but editing with it is impossible . The scene clipping tool is ridiculously hard to use , as when you select aome portion of video to edit , the timeline will arbitrarily forward to a different point . Slding the scene progression bar forward will only get you through half of the video , and immediately sliding it backwards again will jump you all the way to the end.The software is cheap and was apparently not intended for actual use . Stay away from any Arcsoft product .
 ArcSoft ShowBiz Version2 came bundled with my new HP computer in 2005 . The DVDs I attempted to burn from home movies -LRB- mini DV format -RRB- were worthless . WHY ??? They were OUT OF LIP SYNC and there was no fixing it . The DVD would start out in sync and gradually slip more and more out of sync . Tech support proved worthless.I am technically adept and believe me - this sw is nothing but frustration.I bought other software for the same computer and now burn pefect DVDs - consistently .
 Although other competing products offer more features than Showbiz 2 , I bought Showbiz 2 , because it was the only product available that would extract mp2 video from Microsoft 's recorded TV files -LRB- used on Media Center computers -RRB- . This program worked fine for what I was using it for , but I eventually reinstalled Showbiz 2 on a new computer that I bought , and all access to my CD Rom drive disappeared . It turned out to be a bug in Show Biz 2 that caused this , but since I did n't know this at the time , I reimaged my hard drive and started over . When I went to reinstall Show Biz 2 , I got a message that it had already been installed 3 times , which is the maximum number of times you can install it according to the license agreement.I called tech support to find out what I could do about this , and their answer was to buy a new license ! Yep . `` Sorry about your luck . `` I generally try to play by the rules when it comes to using software , and Arcsoft penalizes you for this , and they are completely inflexible in this regard.My recommendation is that you not buy this product . If you really want to use it , do not waste your money by playing by the rules . You would be much better off with a hacked version that will not `` expire '' on you despite having paid good money for it .
 This software came with slide scanner new at Wal-Mart . Although it is a very simple program it is loaded with bugs . Good luck with getting any support from this company . They only want to see you credit card ! . You can not just register on their website like responsible dependable software companies . They want a laundry list of requirements before they give you the `` right '' to go to their forum . Stay away from this comapnay and they software . Much better programs out there . This program does not even work with the scanner it came with .
 The MacClinic tech had no idea what this awful software did to my hard drive , but it fried . I lost half my files and all of my graphics . It killed my Appleworks , too . For the last week I have been emailing these pirates and getting back only stalling and obfustication . Save yourself , save your Apple , avoid this product and its maker , Allume Systems , a division of Smith Micro Software . None are computer or consumer-friendly . My total costs for trying this product
 Amazon needs to provide a track listing for this E.P. , and I , alas , am unable to do so and will thus be considered unhelpful , though that 's more their fault than mine . But of the song which gives this disc its name , I can only say
 The disk was defective . When I tried to load and run , the computer was locked up and I had to pull the power cord to begin restoration . I did not complain , but simply cut it in half and threw it away .
 Anyone who pays for this program has paid too much . Open Office is totally free software , available for download at it 's official site , openoffice.org . There , you can download it as many times as you want , get support from their forums , and not pay a dime.I use Lotus Symphony , which is also free , and which I have had better luck with . It 's based on Open Office , but I have not had the problems with it that I had with Open Office .
 Open Office is available with free download , but since I have dial up connection it kept timing out before download completed , so I decided to order the CDs.Was delivered in a timely manner and in good condition and cost effective . The only problem was that once installed , I was notified there was an update available . And the update was not a small incremental update - but required a full download - again a time out factor.Finally found a work around for downloading - so am now using Open Office and it is working well for me.Maybe I did not do enough searching to find the latest version - maybe there is a newer version out there now.Some of the problem may have been me selecting the wrong product .
 Lots of options , pretty easy to use -LRB- but I have used another similar program so I had a head start -RRB- but it thinks you can put a 36 '' cabinet , a 30 '' oven & a 30 '' refridgerator in a 7 ' 9 '' space . My math says 36 +30 +30 = 8 feet . This is so deceptive as to make the program worse than useless !! The 3-D renerdering is pretty bad too . I 'm asking for my money back .
 I ca n't understand why this product is still being pawned off on the public . This is hands down the worst Home design program ever developed . I have tried to use this software since FloorPlan 3 . It was trash then and still is . It has an incredible amount of professional features . It 's just too bad you ca n't use them efficiently with all the gliches and slow rendering even on my state of the art Core2 duo , Radeon x1950xt machine . Save your time and money on this garbage . IMSI 's tech support will not help in the slightest . It is full of bugs and the slowest rendering program I have ever seen . Their are several other quality home design architectual programs that actually work . A full feature program like Punch Home Design , Better Homes and Gardens Home Designer is great , or even the less expensive Broderbund 3d Home Architect all are a lot better products . You could even use the kids ` Sims ' pc game or ` Second Life ' online and get a lot better quality and speed remodling and designing homes .
 Easy to use for planning layouts but it is a bit buggy . There are several known bugs and the publisher has yet to address them with any kind of update.For simple layouts , this program is fairly intuitive , but for more complex items , there is quite a bit of a learning curve .
 I wanted to design a kitchen in my flat so I decided to try this software . What a mistake ! I can not stress how poor this software is . $ 30 is not much to pay for a basic product , but it is a lot to pay for nothing.Due to a raft of bugs it is virtually impossible to achieve anything productive . It 's a struggle to even draw a set of walls . As for trying to get the software to show the wall dimensions ... forget it ! Walls start to mysteriously dissapear , text starts to collide on the design obscuring values , and some of the graphics do n't print including the measurements . The design file becomes ` corrupted ' preventing any new graphics being added ... and I suspect it 's . dxf export function does n't produce valid . dxf files , which means the design/work is stuck in the software . Who ever developed this software needs to consider a career change . I wo n't mention the software test team because I 'm assuming there is n't one . Amazon , dump this product!A professional software developer .
 Do not purchase this program . The testimonials on the website are false . I have spent weeks trying to use it for a simple kitchen design and have been unsuccessful . The refund policy is terrible , 3 days only !!! It took me 3 days just to read how to draw a floor plan !!!! Their marketing tactics should be investigated.DO NOT PURCHASE
 Wanted a software program to help design my kitchen . This software was not the latest , therefore , the price reflected that . Fine print says to make sure your computer is compatible with the software as it is not returnable . I made sure it was compatible based on what the description said on the website . Unfortunately it was NOT compatible . Tried several times unsuccessfully . Even called tech support . They could n't help me either . Since I ca n't return it I am throwing it away . At least I did n't spend a fortune on it . Sad when you ca n't even believe the claim that it will be compatible when they say it will be . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME !
 Very difficult even to get started . I gave up trying to set up a simple room plan using the wizard after half a dozen attempts , then drew the walls manually . It defaulted to the exterior dimensions -LRB- i.e. including a random wall thickness -RRB- so all my measurements were off . Then found I had to add a floor -LRB- which it does n't default to the room size ! -RRB- . I was designing a bathroom and it does not include square or rectangular shower enclosures as options , nor is it possible to put in glass partitions.Pretty hopeless really . Glad I only paid for a month 's subscription .
 For some reason I can only do 4 '' walls , and the help directions are no help trying to understand how to add different wall thickness properties.Using the furniture insert process is more limited the Version 5.0 . The only thing I did find positive was that it did provide adding decks and driveways .
 I used this at a much earlier version and it worked better than the latest one . Our house burned down so I bought it again to create a new plan . Ca n't believe I wasted my money on this junk . There are so many bugs and convolutions that I spend more time trying to get it to work right than I do designing . The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because when you are working on one floor , adding walls , doors and fixtures it mostly works . Anything beyond that and you better do some meditation 'cause your gon na get pissed .
 I bought the software and installed it twice and each time get a fatal error message when the application launches . No support is available from the vendor .
 I purchased this product to help lay out our frount porch and back yard . It was not very user friendly . It has very few houses to chose from to start with , and setting up property lines was very hard to do . I would not recommend this product for a one time use project . If you have plenty of time to figure everything out , and use it often it might be worth it . My wife and I spent about twelve hours trying to use it , and just gave up on it .
 I am an IT consultant and in my life time have never come across and more disreputable company . I spent the money for 3 year protection , premium level . My laptop was stolen from an hotel in Florida , Feb. 09 . Police report submitted with 2 hours of theft and reported to LoJack . I had to contact them 9x over the next 2 weeks with different paperwork , police reports , etc. . One thing after another . After no luck finding the laptop after 30 days , they did not refund the $ $ , they extended it another 120 days . After the additional 3 months , they did not refund the $ $ . They wanted to extend it another 120 days . I contacted customer support and no refund will ever be coming . LoJac customer service rep
 I recently had a laptop stolen December of 2008 . I was ready for my peace of mind experience that supposedly came with the purchase of this software . The good news is they can track when the laptop is used unless the thief is smart enough to disable it . It will ping the lojack server when the laptop comes online . However , you need to keep in mind that LoJack is only going to request your local detective do something about it . You have to ask yourself , `` If the police know the phone # that is calling in are they going to act on it ? '' Their thinking is , `` Even if we do we can not make a case on who exactly is using it so why put any effort forth . '' As a result , I had to really push to keep LoJack communicating with the detective and push the detective to look into it . There was very little will to follow through on either party . In addition , you have to fight to get your money-back gaurantee dollars . To this date I have received no money and no piece of mind .
 After having a laptop stolen , here 's the catch : They will only honor their money back or service guarantees IF your computer calls their center within 60 days of being reported as stolen . However , once you report it stolen , they block your access to see if the computer is actually calling in or not.If your computer does call in , then they 're on the hook for a refund or replacement . If it does n't ever call in , they do n't have to pay . But , since they 've blocked you from seeing the call-in logs after its reported stolen , you have to take their word for it.I have no direct knowledge that they have withheld information to avoid paying claims , but the way it is set up provides every incentive for them to do exactly that and no way for you to verify what they 're telling you.Based on my experience , I 'd say save your money .
 I bought the three year contract for my son 's Mac laptop , It was stolen at a New Year 's party and so far there has n't been much support from Absolute or the police . It looks like there no hope at getting the computer back and I suggest keeping your money and buying a good lock for the computer . As far as I can tell it does n't work!Good luck .
 Lojack For Laptops came pre-loaded on my computer , so after my initial subscription expired I decided to renew , and was informed by them I would have to go through the entire process , including downloading the software again . After doing so , I was assured by them I was protected , and sent confirming e-mails , however the service failed to activate , and would n't recognize the account registration . Once they had my money suddenly the customer service literally became non-existant , and after 5 days and sending 4 requests to customer support , they have yet to provide the tech support they promised twice to send . I have threatened to go to my credit card company and dispute the charges , and that appears to be what I 'll have to do . Now I 'm faced with how to remove their software from my machine , and I 've read numerous instances of that being very difficult to do . Worst customer service I 've ever had ... or should I say never had ? DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT-THEY CLEARLY PUT THEIR RESOURCES INTO MARKETING AND NOT CUSTOMER SUPPORT !
 We purchased a three-year Lo-Jack contract on a Mac Laptop . It was stolen in the third year . A report was filed with the city police department immediately , submitted to Lo-Jack / Absolute Customer service , and a confirmation with all relevant details was emailed from Absolute . We spoke often with the city police detective assigned to the case , who reported that , in his experience , this service has never proven helpful in recovering a stolen laptop . We contacted the website often and the status was always `` in progress '' . Because recovery seemed hopeless , we had to purchase another laptop . It has been almost one year since the theft and Absolute is doing everything possible NOT to honor their commitment . They are requiring all sorts of documentation which had already been filed at the time of the theft . As far as we are concerned , the ads are all hype and no substance .
 Do not buy computers or cars with lojack installed . Their Lojack ` Second Owner ' program makes it very hard for you to transfer everything into your name even though you have all the paperworks from the previous owners . BEWARE !!
 The company has no way to control their software , everything is set to autopilot and is embedded in the BIOS . Questions and phone calls reached people who clearly did n't know anything about the product or technology , and for someone to defeat Lojack all they have to do is turn off the wireless setting and grab whatever they want off the machine . Do n't waste your money on a junk company with unskilled customer support and a weak product .
 I brought LoJack with earley warning system from a local dealer 6 months ago . Recently I had my gsxr stolen the early warning system was suppose to notify me 5 different ways . I recieved nothing while it was being stolen . To add to it LoJack has this 24-hour theft recovery guarantee that they advertise everywhere . Please read fine print because my bike was never recovered past 24 hours . When I contacted them I was instructed to fax receipt and police report for reimbursement then I was inform I only be refunded the factory msrp for the system which is $ 695 which will take 4 to 6 weeks that 's nice but the actual price I paid was 1200 $ . I had to fax them several times my information because they could n't find it over a coarse of 2 weeks . After they finally recieved the info I asked about some contact info so I could check on my claim I was instructed that it would be a need to call back . This system might have worked for others but maybe I have a special case . Lesson learned read the fine print and expect the worst possible case .
 Bought it , installed it , encountered an error and had to close each time I tried to open it . Uninstalled it and tried again , same result . I do have Windows XP SP2 so maybe that is the problem . I thought they were minimum system requirements on the box , so maybe this is my fault . Shame I was looking forward to using it .
 I bought this thinking it was a 3D Home Architect Home Design program . It 's not . The program is difficult to use and unintuitive .
 Buyer beware . I purchased this so that I could lay out some simple plans for expanding a basement bathroom . All I wanted was some clip-art -LRB- toilet , vanity , shower , tub , etc. -RRB- and the ability to tell the program the dimensions of the bathroom that I desire . Is this too much to ask from a bathroom design program ? I envisioned being able to :1 . Tell the program the desired dimensions ,2 . Then dragging and dropping the provided clip-art onto the layout and have everything automatically sized to scale .3 . If the program was good , I would also be able to drag in some electrical outlets , ceiling fans , lighting , etc. 4 . I would end up , I had hoped , with a 2 dimensional or simple 3D blue-print or drawing of sorts that I could take to a Home Depot , or have a contractor look at.Here is the reality : * I was given one 3 dimensional template that could not be edited in any meaningful way . Perhaps if I wanted to study the voluminous help files and had an architectural background I would have had more luck . * Although I 'm a computer geek , for the life of me I could n't figure out how to change the canned dimensions the template provided . * I also did n't find any clip-art . * I uninstalled the program and used Excel -LRB- yes , MS Excel -RRB- and some clip art from the Internet that served my purpose .3 D Home Architect Kitchen and Bath Design was a major disappointment for me .
 Program is difficult to use . Basic functionality such as inserting a sink did n't work properly -LRB- able to insert only pedestal sink -RRB- . Could n't find any online help from either Broderbund or Encoreusa for this product .
 Bootleg software!Not an MS product , certificate of authenticity is a reprint and the cd has an actual label that peels off.At least the install key worked with different media that I had from another pc .
 On April 19 , 2010 , I purchased Disc # 1 of 9 and upon receiving the package , I discovered the disc is inoperable . There is nothing on the disc ; yet I paid $ 18.79 and have been charged another $ 18.00 , which I am requesting a refund upon returning the purchase . It is better to always buy new software ; at least you have a warranty to rely on .
 Apple has created a new version of iWork , and they provide no upgrade pricing , effectively sticking it to customers and vendors . If you buy this product , you will be stuck with the old version and have to pay FULL PRICE for the new version that contains a spreadsheet application.And , yes , Apple deleted any comments complaining about the upgrade policy on their discussion boards .
 If you do n't have at least 1Gb of memory or you do n't like having your machine taken over and become unusable for minutes at a time then do n't buy this product . The AVG equivalent product is far , far less obtrusive in operation.The plus side of zonealarm is the firewall automated configuration is excellent but sadly the infuriating , ongoing and frequent machine-killing antiviral and update interventions far outweigh the benefits of the one-time setup advantages over AVG .
 I liked the security that ZA SS gives but you can not play games or use other programs when it is on nor even in game mode . I tried to contact the technical support via email but after a week , no respone from them -LRB- which they say may take up to 3-4 days anyway -RRB- . Through chats , I also learned to just install a lower version of ZA -LRB- like 6.5 -RRB- and it will solve the problem .
 If you are using peoplepc for your isp provider , you may want to read this email I received when I contacted zone alarm techical support after experiencing a blue screen system crash after installing the Zone Alarm Internet Security suite on my Windows XP pro operating system : `` Thank you for your inquiry . Yes , unfortunately there is an issue where having peoplepc and Zone Alarm will cause the system to crash . The only remedy is to run version 6.1 or lower or get a refund for the software . I apologize for the inconvenience ... '' I will be returning my Zone Alarm software back to Amazon in the next couple days in hopes of securing a refund .
 Running under XP is fine , but still does not run under Vista .
 I had the free download of the zonealarm firewall and loved it . I had a different brand antivirus on my computer and when it expired I thought why not get zonealarm with their anti virus . Well it would not let me install it . After e-mailing for help I received a whole page of items that I have to go into my computer and remove registry entries , internet log folders , and the list goes on and on . I am shocked and afraid that I may crash or mess my computer up so I still have not installed it .
 My experience with Zone Alarm Security Suite was horrible . My computer had a trojan that Zone Alarm could NOT treat or quarantine . I finally figured out how to treat it manually . Unfortunately , I had to perform this manual operation on a weekly basis because when ZA did its weekly scan , it would resurrect the trojan , i.e. free it from its jail.When Microsoft discontinued their support of Windows Me in July 2006 , ZA also discontinued their support of my computer , even though they still owed me five months of support in 2006 . I asked for a refund and they refused to at least give me credit for the five months of no support.In January 2007 , I installed CA Antivirus Suite for 2007 . My wife is much happier with her computer that has Windows XP . ZA was a nightmare for her . She absolutely hated the way ZA operated -LRB- as noted by other reviews -RRB- .
 Having been a long user of ZA Firewall , I decided to do away with my Symantec Antivirus and use the ZA Security Suite . It has been terrible - more often than not , the anti-virus updates do n't work , and I have had to go weeks at times with old virus definitions . This is well documented on the Zone Alarms user forums , although I 've noticed that they delete many of the postings where people complain about their problems with ZA . This has been a problem regularly for the last six months and ZA has shown no interest or progress in addressing it . If you have n't already purchased it , I would stay away from this program !
 ... download the free Zonealarm . It has all of the needed firewall features and costs nothing . I have used it for several years wtih no problems .
 i bought this item because my husband heard is the best internet security . Now i regret buying one . Since ive installed it , IT SLOWED MY COMPUTER , ITS VERY VERY HARD TO CLOSE WINDOW AND WORSE WHEN I DISCONNECTED FROM THE INTERNET I HAVE A HARD TIME LOGGING OFF . everytime im on the internet , i get mad and upset . its not worth all the stress . i definitely dont recommend this product . now im trying to figure how i can return the product and go back to NOrton .
 In the last year I have tried this program , PC-Cillin & four sharewares from CNET , and f-ZA the only one that does n't cause more problems than it solves . The others prevent me from doing wireless printing , slowdown the computer & generate false alarms .
 I had been using Norton Internet Security 2003 without any problems whatsoever and decided I should upgrade to a current version of internet security because of newer security threats . I purchased ZoneAlarm Intenet Security Suite 2006 . I have version 6.5.737 . BE WARNED !!! ZoneAlarm -LRB- ZA -RRB- writes multiple files to the C : \ WINNT \ Internet Logs directory . These files are continually modified by ZA and quickly become very large -LRB- i.e. , many MBs -RRB- . I stumbled upon this phenomenon because I noticed the free space on my hard disk kept decreasing day after day . After about 4 weeks , I had lost over 1 gigabyte -LRB- GB -RRB- of free space.This problem is also discussed in the ZA User forum . And many unsuspecting users have expressed their frustration over having their hard disk space cannibalized . Another problem is that the storage space used by System Restore is also consumed because these files are backed up when a restore point is created . ZA also continously writes files to the restore directory in c : \ System Volume Information.You can forget getting technical support unless you have money to burn . Technical support is $ 3 per minute . I paid $ 55 for ZA and am not going to pay more $ $ $ for technical support to try to fix a product that should work out-of-the box.I 'm glad ZA works for some people . I like the program control feature .
 I bought this software and the box said it is `` Vista Ready '' . Apparently that means the company is working on version for Vista but has no idea when it will be available and the software in the box will NOT run with Vista . It wo n't even install . It 's useless and now I have to pay for shipping to return it as well as the tax from the original purchase . Useless software if you are running Vista and not helpful customer service for returns .
 ZoneAlarm is HORRIBLE - you will have nothing but trouble - it can not even recognize itself - pops up CONSTANT warning messages - causes True Vecotr problems . Definitely NOT recommended . I am sooooooo sorry I bought this disgusting piece iof junk.Deserves negavtive 100 stars
 Zonealarm Security Suite is generally all around a decent program . It does have some faults.Let me start by saying that if you are very naive or ignorant to computers , viruses , etc. or you are getting this for your grandparents , etc. . I would suggest this program or Norton Internet Security Suite -LRB- always the latest version of course ! -RRB- The Norton Internet Security Suite is a better choice over Zone Alarm.Now for the rest of the population - Zone Alarm FAILS to meet many of the top ratings requirements for Antivirus/Security programs such as -1 - A Virus Bulletin rating VB100 % , the highest honor for anti-virus software .2 - Zone Alarm did not pass the ICSA 2005 -- a similar test that certifies the software can detect viruses , prevent virus replication , and does n't generate false positives .3 - I believe Zone Alarm is not W.C.L Level 1 & 2 CertifiedThe West Coast Labs Checkmark level 1 & 2 certifications are given to antivirus software that detects all current `` in the wild '' viruses , generates no false positives , prevents virus replication and disinfects all of the viruses that can be disinfected.Now above and beyond all of those grievous issues , Zone Alarm is a really slow down on your system 's startup time . By removing it and installing other options , many computers I have worked on were ready to go a full 1 minute and 25 seconds faster !!!!!! When running P2P programs or many download accelerators , Zone Alarms VSMON service will lockup . This crashes the ZA security system . It continues to ` work ' but I doubt the security level is solid . You must reboot , if you can . In many cases the computers lock up.In many cases the program will go corrupt after downloading the very important Antivirus or Antispyware definitions . You have to either drill down through files to delete the corrupted ones or you may even have to uninstall , clear the registry , then reinstall the entire program . YIKES ! That sounds like fun , huh ? I have done it numerous times on numerous systems . Zone Alarm really treats its customers like guinea pigs . They let you do the testing and workout the problems . Many times they release patches way too early.If you do not believe me , I invite you to go to the Zone Labs website , find your way through the support links to the User Forums . You will see many angry posts and complaints about these very subjects!I recommend Norton Internet Security Suite for the beginner crowd . For most others I recommend separate programs . BitDefender 10 Standard . Just the Antivirus program . The BitDefender Suite is not very good . Also , Kaspersky 's Antivirus solution is also excellent . Their security suite stinks too . Do n't get it . For a firewall I highly recommend Agnitum 's Outpost Firewall . It has excellent industry ratings and has strong , built in antispyware features that update daily.You will not typically see BitDefender , Kapersky or Outpost reviewed or rated in the major magazines . A friend of mine works at a MAJOR PC magazine and he says it is mainly because Zone Alarm and others pay big bucks in advertising dollars . So they prefer to focus and give the attention and pass over the others.The products I recommended are topnotch , solid security solutions . They offer 30 free trial periods . See for yourself !
 I did not like the ZoneAlarm suite . Either I or the software is not smart enough to make it work in a multi-user PC . I am very disappointed with the product .
 I gave this version a try and noticed more draw backs than good things . For one my pc took alot longer to boot up . Also when I tried to click on links to youtube videos , using firefox , I was just shown a page full of script . On the youtube site itself videos displayed the ending message and I had to click on the play again button just to get them to run one time . Sometimes these videos would stop in the middle or restart as well . I uninstalled the product , reinstalled my old security suite package and the problems vanished . They could n't pay me enough to take this package off of their hands . I 'm glad I had a chance to test it before making the mistake of purchasing it .
 I bought Internet Security Suite 2007 and installed from CD . Antivirus did n't work . I visited manufacturer 's forum and tried all suggestions . All failed . Tech support could n't help.Apparently , this product has certain errors that do n't let it work in certain computers . There are many happy customers . I wish I was one of them .
 Tried the free Zonealarm download and loved it so decided to support the company by buying a licensed copy . The licensed copy of Zone Alarm Pro would not load ; error massage stated my Windows XP was missing a necessary . dll file . Went to their website to diagnose problem and it turns out this is a common problem so I attempted to contact their customer support . When I did get a message through to them their response was totally useless . Tried some other options but got frustrated so I wound up with a $ 55.00 piece of software that I could not use . My overall impression of Zone Labs is that they produce a decent product but have a really lousy customer support mechanism in place to help customers through problems . It seemed to me that they did n't care that their product had a fatal flaw . As a result , I would NOT buy this product just on the principal that the company leaves you hanging when you shell out your hard earned money to buy their product .
 ZoneAlarm is good at doing what you ask - keeping the cookies , viruses , pop-ups and other annoyances at bay . I used TrendMicro/PcCillin last year and , though I had it set to block the same things as Zonealarm , when I checked , there were cookies all over , pop-ups which kept popping up -- annoyances that managed to get through . But TrendMicro/PCCillin rarely if ever interfered with speed of downloads -LRB- which probably indicates it was n't working as hard as ZA -RRB- and ZoneAlarm CONSTANTLY interferes . I have BroadBand . If the system is scanning or downloading updates , though it says you can keep working , you ca n't . It 's like driving on the interstate during rush hour with road construction for miles and every exit blocked . Maybe with a speedier processor , I would n't have these problems . My system is an Athlon Sepron 3000 + 2GHz , with 512MB RAM , and 120GB hard drive -- I 'll let the more system knowledgeable of you gauge if that makes a difference in the performance of the software . I will say when I test by turning off ZA , everything goes quick , smooth , and aggravation free.When I 'm ready to purchase my next pc protector , it wo n't be ZoneAlarm , probably wo n't be TrendMicro . Of the two , I 'd go with Trend , because though it did n't prevent the little annoyances , it did prevent big headaches like viruses , worms , etc , with little interference of process . What I 'd like to know is . . Is there software that has the benefits of both , doing what it 's supposed to do without interfering with what I 'm trying to do ?
 This program has been a headache since day one . It is miserable to configure , hogs resources , freezes my system , and removes privelages to use other programs . To spite having given every aspect of Adobe full permission , I can not browse a . pdf file online . I have to save it locally and then open it . Annoying but doable - except that one has to be able to view a . pdf file online to print postage from the USPS website . Then I try to download and install an update - Nope ! Not allowed - insufficient privelages as the admin . No joke . My very nice laptop has been all but useless since this piece of trash was installed . I tried to get support but they want me to pay $ 2.95 a minute to speak to someone , my problems are listed , so I am suppose to spend the next several days emailing with someone ? Seriously ? This product is trash . Go buy Trend Micro .
 Do n't bother with the zonelabs security suite . Maybe it works , maybe it does n't . But what it does do is tie up your system and make working an incredible pain.When you turn your system on , it takes the security suite a couple of minutes before it allows you access to the internet . At odd times , it starts updating , which again takes several minutes . The updating is just incredibly slow , and while you 're updating , you 're not working . When you are shutting down , the security suite does n't shut down properly , but always pops up an error.When working on a laptop , the virus update engine stops working once you bring your machine out of hibernation . So every other day you have to reboot otherwise you do n't get any updates . That is a real pain.I bought the suite with three user licenses , and two laptops and one desktop running various OSes all show the same symptoms.I really wanted this to work , I like ZoneAlarm . But the suite is just incredibly obtrusive and if I ca n't work done , then the suite is not worth having . I wish I could return it to Amazon and get my money back .
 I appreciate that there are reviewers here who think this Zone Alarm -LRB- ZA -RRB- product is the best thing since sliced bread , and I would have agreed with them up to buying this version of the security suite ... I had been using the previous version of the ZA suite with no issues , and was fully satisifed that my PC was protected . The firewall allowed me to access what I wanted to access , and the virus scan picked up several unwanted guests prior to their arrival on my hard drive - all was good - Then I bought and installed this newer version , and that is when my troubles began.Basically , this product paralysed my PC and stopped me doing anything . I use Windows Live Messenger to communicate with my family around the world , and had had no issue logging on and using this service prior to installing this version of the ZA security suite . However , once I had I could no longer access my messenger account other than by shutting down the ZA firewall -LRB- not a good idea -RRB- even though all my settings were allowing it to be accessed . Upon doing some research , I found that others had experienced the same problem . To address this ZA technical support -LRB- on their forum -RRB- suggests one should mannually manipulate and delete certain files on the hard drive - but this is not something I would be expecting to do with a $ 50 piece of security software ! I also found that the ZA product was incompatible with other security software I had installed on my PC . As I trusted ZA more than these other companies , I uninstalled everything except the ZA suite . However , that caused my entire system to basically go-slow , to the point that each click and movement of the mouse took 30 seconds to register . My system was all but frozen , so I attempted to uninstall ZA . However , to do that took nearly 40 minutes.In the end I finally got this product removed from my PC , downloaded the free ZA firewall from their website and a free virus scan from elsewhere , and my system is back to normal and running better than ever!Postscript
 The version that comes on the packaged CD runs fine . I had no trouble with installing , configuring , or booting up my Windows XP.When version 6.5 . xxxx came out , I downloaded the upgrade and installed that . Upon startup , Windows XP would sit on the `` Welcome '' screen for close to a minute before loading to the desktop . It does n't happen with a `` log out and log in '' though.To resolve this `` Welcome '' screen issue , I had to follow a workaround , whereby you do a clean uninstall by uninstalling , cleaning temporary files , and registry keys , install version 6.1 . xxxx , followed by an upgrade install -LRB- not clean install -RRB- of 6.5 . xxxx.When 7.x . xxxx came out , I foolishly upgraded . It took over 15 minutes from when the `` Welcome '' screen shows up to when I could actually use the computer . The desktop would arrive after some delay , but you wo n't be able to click on anything for quite some time . I had to boot into safe mode and uninstall it.I 'm sticking with 6.5 . xxx -LRB- with the workaround installation steps -RRB- until the license runs out , then I 'm running back to McAfee . I 'm just glad I only paid $ 10 for this thing.As with any other software , it seems good enough to help prevent viruses , malware , etc for normal internet uses -LRB- shopping , viewing news , etc -RRB- , but do n't expect it to actually help with anything if you do get hit when someone starts downloading `` free '' stuff and installing garbage from sites with ads and what not.Would have been 5 stars had the subsequent versions been stable and worked correctly . 1 star because I ca n't give it a 0 , and because I ca n't turn off the reminder to upgrade to the latest version ; I can only delay it by 60 days at a time.Also , upon shut down -LRB- no matter which version -RRB- , there 's a Zone Alarm process that does not exit correctly , resulting in one of those `` Program not responding '' dialog boxes to show up for a few moments .
 I am an experienced computer professional and beta tester and ZA 7 is an unmitigated disaster . Issues clearly identified while in beta were not fixed when CheckPoint -LRB- an Israeli company which purchased ZA in 2004 -RRB- released the `` gold '' version on Jan 15 , 2007 . If you do manage to get it working it uses anywhere from 80 to 170 MB of RAM ! Then the so called `` Kaspersky '' antivirus database will corrupt . This makes Symantec products seem elegant.It is insult to injury when the arrogant attitude of tech support adds to the frustrations . The wall of silence from CheckPoint ZoneAlarm is stunning as they have still not fixed even one of the numerous problems.Steer clear . Try Comodo Firewall / AVG anti-virus or anything else but this .
 I have version 6.5 . Easy to install , very configurable . I selected to prevent web bugs , private headers , 3rd party cookies , and mobile objects . I also opted to turn on the little window alerts . I was amazed at how much stuff comes into my computer even when I 'm doing nothing . The little window was CONSTANTLY popping up , informing of denied access when I was simply reading looking at a web site and not doing anything with the mouse or keyboard . This told me that the protection was doing its job . But many valid sites like Mapquest and Pricegrabber would n't work with the restrictions I had selected . So I had to manually permit those sites to work . Over time , there were more and more sites which I just could n't enable , even though I spent quite a bit of time trying , and even though I became pretty familiary with the ZoneAlarm confiturations.Over a period of about two months , my laptop became less and less responsive . Ultimately , it would take several minutes to boot . Also , when starting my instant messaging -LRB- ICQ and MSN -RRB- , the computer would just freeze for about 30 seconds . These and other performance impacts made the laptop essentially unusable after about two months . I admit that my laptop is older . But before -LRB- and after -RRB- ZoneAlarm Pro , it ran very well.I removed Zonealarm Pro and installed the free ZoneAlarm firewall . I 'll now go purchase the major Internet Security competitor and give that a try.Bottom line
 I am an experienced user , with a quad-core QX6700 machine and 4 megs of ram . I have been using another anti-virus program with Zone Alarm Pro for about 10 years . This year I decided to put my computers on the whole ZA Security Suite v7 package.After installing I tried to do a full virus scan . It slowed down my machine so much , that I was barely able to close down other programs to give it full access to the computer . It lagged me so bad , I could not type a full sentence.It chugged for 6 hours and then locked up ; unable to complete the scan . During this time I could n't use my computer as it was commandeered by this virus scan . I have not been unable to complete a full virus scan one single time.The Firewall continues to ask for the same permissions over-and-over . It has blocked my all-in-one printer so I am now unable to print or scan . I have posted to the forums but did not find a fix.I sent an email out to ZA Tech support , but received canned responses . ZASS v. 7 should still be beta testing . . I 've had nothing but problems . I purchased two licenses and now I 'm singing the blues .
 This software simply preys on handheld user 's ignorance . There are no true PalmOS viruses out there . Save your money on this product and instead buy some form of backup solution . A Backup Module if you have a visor , Memory backup SD card if you have a more recent Palm device , or a Northstar backup module if you have an older Palm III series device . This software is completely useless . Get a good backup solution and you will be much safer than if you just had this software loaded on your handheld .
 This was a complete waste of my money . I have been unable to update the software since install . I continue to get that I am not registered . When I contacted McAfee I get `` we are mailing you instructions on correcting this '' . . Well it 's been a week and I 've sent 2 emails , 1 live chat and still no emails back . Guess they want me to spend another $ 20 on a annual subscription .
 I upgraded to Designer Pro after creating my plan in Designer 6.0 . I switched mainly because the lesser version does not do roofs well . It was definitely not worth the money . Since it was 5 times more expensive , I expected 5 times more programming tools . Not so . Do n't waste your cash . You will still need to hire a professional to complete your plans . Many items do not convert . The program is slower and inaccurate . Roof design is very hard to learn and very inaccurate . You will not get a set of blue prints out of it that it promises . Look elsewhere , this is not the one you want .
 Steep learning curve , not easy to use , plus they make you use a key in one of your USB ports at all times when you want to use the software . As a paying customer this type Key offends me . I have other things pluged into my usb ports , so looking for this little key all the time is a pain . Besides I paid good money for the program .
 After creating my first podcast using this program and going through a couple hoops to even get the upgrade for it , I went and bought another program with more options . I hated to waste the $ 40 on this program but there was n't much I could really do when this was so glitchy when putting sound clips together . Not only that , but there was no support , and options , for the ITunes tags in the rss file . When I could n't get this file uploaded the first time , I tried going to the website for help , and found NOTHING of use . They give you the option to contact them is all . I managed to get my files ready , but it took about an hour more than I wanted it to.If I were you , I 'd buy something else if you 're looking for an all-in-one program for podcasting .
 Be Warned They CHARGE for Call in support now !! In my opinion ; Norton used to make some great products . I used to recommend their Norton Utilities and Anti Virus programs to friends and install them on computers I assembled for them . Sadly , this has changed . They now have an online forum where you are forced to ask your questions . They may even get around to answering your question , but it takes days to get correct answers -LRB- if ever -RRB- . The quality of their software has plummeted also . Several other companies make similar products that are FAR superior . Not only do I not give them a positive review , I strongly recommend you do NOT use them .
 Basically , I never found this interesting , while I very much enjoyed other Carmen Sandiego games . The challenges were like nothing I 'd learned in English classes , and villains popping up with the scary music pressured me -LRB- and not in a good way -RRB- . There was no reason for me to play it more than once or twice . However , a family friend 's son , Issac , found it entertaining when he was about twelve and played it non-stop while his family was over . I did n't see much of it , but I noticed a mad scientist-type villain that looked like a vampire . The scary music with him creeping up and then laughing manically could have given me nightmares . Only buy it if you have an American education and work well under pressure .
 This sounds like a great program , but like many people I ca n't try it because the system requirements are WRONG in the description . The description says it 's for Win95/98/Me / XP or Vista . The case says
 We have been unable to obtain adequate and expedient technical assistance for this product so that the cards print at an acceptable speed . We are limited to email assistance , which has so far referred us to another email address .
 I have used Print Master for many years to print family calendars . The program was buggy . I bought the latest version 16 Silver in hopes that the bugs had been fixed . This version is WORSE than the older version . Examples of bugs include
 My daughter loves this game but I would warn parents to load it only on the child 's computer . The software is very buggy and it 's difficult to shut it down . I find that when my daughter finishes playing , my laptop becomes very unstable and I have to shut it down before continuing with my work .
 No progress with this product sent back once I just kept the second copy neither worked on my system .
 I 've used this product on another machine so bought it for my own use at home . It 's a good product , but beware - you need a DVD drive to load it . My drives do n't show movies and this is the first software I 've encountered that needs a DVD drive . I 'm stuck with a product I ca n't use at home .
 Do n't be fooled by the box saying how many they 've sold anyone who knows anything about software knows you can not return an opened software box so sold means nothing.This software in unimpressive , I bought it because I needed to do my wedding invitation and I liked the description thinking I could use it for may other things as well.Well I ended up using WORD for my invitations , yes WORD , why because word actually did everything I wanted that this program said it would do but did n't ! I spent HOURS trying to use it 's `` simple '' templates to no avail they would not print correctly or in the size they claimed to be . In the end I am out the money I spent and pretty mad about it .
 As a word of warning this product is NOT Windows Vista compatible and this product can actually harm your computer . I tried downloading a Vista patch from there website and it did n't work . It took me weeks to get my computer working right again . I 'm kicking myself for not looking at the system requirements before purchasing but maybe somebody can learn from my mistake .
 I 've had earlier versions of Print Shop before and was looking forward to this version as it said it was Vista compatible . Unfortunately it did not work with Vista , even with the recommended patch . If you have Vista , wait until they get the bugs worked out .
 I purchased this item from Amazon . The disc had scratches and was unable to either use it or get my money back . These items can not be returned .
 I have had various editions of PrintShop since they first started out . This one has the same problems as my last versions -LRB- Printshop 20 -RRB- , but it is becoming even worse ! A prime example is a simple blank sign project I have been trying to work on , off and on all day , but am getting nowhere as it keeps shutting down due to problems . Sometimes it says that it is doing an illegal action -LRB- just trying to change the font type -RRB- . The last time , it just stalled out , was not responding , and had to close . Each time I have to reopen it , I have to wait forever for it to come up . This thing has HUGE problems.The Print Shop 22 Deluxe -LSB- OLD VERSION -RSB-
 When I bought this product I thought it was going to do some really good graphic design things much like Adobe Photoshop or Illustrator -LRB- but for a much cheaper price of course -RRB- . I loved the Logo Creator and I still use it today for my business ; however , the Print Shop Pro is not professional at all . As a matter of fact , you ca n't even make photos or images opaque ! I wanted to create a specific sized invitation and I had the hardest time trying to change the margins . Also , if your printer does n't accept full-bleed printing , you will not be able to change the margins to make it full-bleed and have a professional printing company print it . Overall , keep the Logo Creator if you need to and nix the Print Shop . Make an ornament out of the CD or something . . but do n't use it for any good quality print media .
 Its electronic capabilities are outdated
 I saw that this was made for early Windows versions , but there was no detail that said it would not work on more recent systems . It does not work on Windows 7 . Just make sure you can use this before you buy it . It probably will work on Win 3.1 and Win 95 . Caveat emptor .
 This software was very disappointing . I am a musician and this is difficult to use and does not include the actual music for printing - just words .
 If you want pictures of bluegill , trout and bass on your screen , get this . The fish are very 2d-ish and move more like pac-man than fish . When they eat the bay fish , they eat them just like pac-man too . Maybe that is the engine they used to make this . I would hold out out for a later revision of this software .
 After playing with this for 20 minutes , my 3.5 year old had it figured out and was bored . Not worth the money .
 My 2 year old danced around the chair as i attempted to load this corrupted disc on my computer . I have bought games from the discount bin ... that did n't mess my computer up the way this did . When i finally got it to load , it would freeze up constantly . My 2 year old played it and loved it , but was rightfully irritated by the constant freezing up . We enjoyed the Scholastic games much more .
 I recently bought this for my 3-yr old grandaughter . While she loves Dora , I can see that she gets bored with it already . Not much choice here ... Really disappointed in it . I have installed/uninstalled several times , but the sound is horrible . First , you need the volume up to hear the game , but then when the songs come on , the volume is way too loud . Also , the audio skips , freezes , etc. . Save your money .
 I would have to agree with the other reviewers of this game . This game looks and sounds like it is 3 to 4 years old , Infogames must have been put on a quick deadline to get it done . Graphics are very poor , details are lacking , and there is very little a child can explore on their own . There is little incentive to play it again after completing it one time at each skill level . My daughter loves Dora , but has not wanted to play this game since the day we brought it home . My advice would be to wait until it appears in the bargain bin at the store .
 The children 's show Dora the Explorer is ready made for computer games but unfortunately Infogrames has done a terrible job putting this together .1 . The game is full of glitches , I have run it on a MAC and a PC and have had problems with it on both platforms .2 . The game is VERY limited , my son loves Dora but was bored with this after a few plays .3 . My advice is save your money and buy some Dora booksinstead .
 It 's too bad that this title is nowhere near as good as the Nick Jr. . TV show . It starts out nicely , but is short on content and gameplay and is very repetitive . The movies become dull , and children can not click through them which caused alot of frustration .
 Our 3 year old would n't leave the store without this , so we gave in since it looked like a good educational , and fun program . Unfortunately , once you have played the game once -LRB- which takes all of 20 minutes -RRB- you have pretty much exhausted it for entertainment value . Oh sure , you can change the level to increase the difficulty but it really does n't alter the game play , it just adds a few more items to each `` puzzle '' . Although from the packaging we had high hopes for this game , we ended up being extremely disappointed .
 Dora 's backpack adventure was too easy . My three and a half year old completed level 2 in about 15-20 minutes . The third level is only harder because it the activities are in Spanish . She loves Dora but was bored with it the second time around .
 My daughter loves this game , but after installing the game , I realized that it had also decided to install some software from Gator.com.If you are not aware of what gator is , it is a massive online privacy violation . It will track all of your web travels , giving gator information that you have entered into webforms . This has nothing to do with the game , and is a blatant violation of your and your childs privacy.If I had a way to give this a lower rating I would . My daughter played for about 5 minutes before she ran into a hang that needed the computer rebooted , and we could n't play anymore . Go somewhere else to find your childs games
 This is the second copy of this game I 've had . My three year old granddaughter is quite the Dora fan.The first CD was apparently damaged ... only the `` choice '' version worked ... could n't use the `` game '' half.So ... purchased a replacement . The characters are cute and charming but the movement from one game to another is very frustrating . Even the three year old thinks the computer has frozen while waiting for the next segment to appear . Pretty frustrating for a three year old ... and the adult `` playing '' the game with her.Visually it 's clever and enjoyable but the mechanics do not measure up.Except that if the child you are getting this for is a confirmed Dora fan , I would n't recommend it . The little Dora lovers are a tad more forgiving .
 My 3yr old son loves the Dora tv show , but quickly grew tired of this game . He finished his adventure within 20 minutes . The 3 difficulty levels are virtually the same and the activities are limited . The Reader Rabbit games offer a lot more fun for the money . This software is a waste .
 Dora the Backpack is a disappointment on a technical level and interest level . One of the games -LRB- the Troll gmae -RRB- freezes the computer each time we reach it . Also , the game is generally boring , even with the level changes . Too bad !
 My daughter liked this game the first time she played it , but half way through the second time , she was bored . Each time you play , you go through the same set of games , in the same order , with the same outcome . Nothing is ever different from the time before , and it does n't take very long . There is also not much educational value . This is not worth the money at all . If you want Dora games , there are plenty of them at Nickjr.com .
 This game was a gift for my 3 year old . When we installed it , the sound was so choppy , we could n't play the game . I tried all the troubleshooting suggestions , with no luck . I tried uninstalling and reinstalling and my entire system crashed . Needless to say , we have not attempted Dora again . After reading these reviews , I think I will call tech support and ask for a refund , rather than a replacement , as another reviewer suggested . What a waste and a disappointment .
 Well I would give this more stars if Atari support were n't so terrible !! The only reason I give it 2 stars is because my daughter loves Dora and likes playing this game because there are plenty of activities to try and places to go . HOWEVER , Atari seems to want to force you -LRB- due to their prehistoric copy-protection scheme -RRB- to keep the CD-ROM in the drive at all times in order to play the game ! How ridiculous ! Even though I paid good money for this game and it installed on my hard drive , it does not let you run it from your hard drive . Atari told me that you need to have the CD-ROM in to play it and they `` can not help me get around the copy protection '' . Well I do n't know about anyone else 's toddlers , but my 2 year old just loves to open the CD-ROM and take discs out to play with . So this leaves me out of luck if the disc becomes scratched after she 's done with it ! I think Atari should trust their paying customers a little more and allow them to install the game FULLY to their hard drive ... if for nothing else to protect their investment ! I will never buy another game by Atari because of this . They have no regards for their paying customers .
 I could never get this game to work on my computer , or the other infogrames Dora game -LRB- Lost City -RRB- . It crashes as soon as I launch the game . I have never had trouble with any other game , and my computer meets all of the requirements . The tech support people tried all kinds of things but could not help me . This is very frustrating as my daughter was so excited when I brought the game home she kissed it.It does work on my work computer so sometimes I 'll bring her there and let her play it . The game is OK , nothing really that is n't in the free nickjr.com online version .
 My 3 year old completed the backpack adventure in 10 minutes . Then she completed the hardest setting in another 10 minutes . Now the game sits on the shelf and she wo n't touch it because it 's way too easy even for a three year old . Save your money on this one .
 I was so disappointed with this game . Originally when I hear a DORA game was coming out , I was very excited . I have a 3 year old girl who loves DORA . Unfortunatly , there is no variation to this game and little challenge . She was bored with it in less than 15 minutes because she had already completed the BACKPACK ADVENTURE . From there you can go to the MAP and roam free ... there is only one adventure on this CD . I expected this game to be more entertaining and fun .
 Do not buy this game if you are used to the better quality games Humongous software has produced for NickJR characters in the past
 The overall design is great but there is only about 20 minutes of playtime . The game is very much like a TV show , you watched it and it 's over .
 Beware of purchasing if you have an iMac - the software DOES NOT function properly . We have now purchased two copies , at two separate stores -LRB- including Amazon -RRB- , with the same result . When signing in , the game does not properly recognize the letters to spell your child 's name . When you click on '' M '' , it states `` S '' - when you click on `` A '' , it states `` F '' . My daughters name ended up being spelled SFMMT . -LRB- Her name is Maddy -RRB- Then , when clicking , the software takens 2-3 minutes to move from one screen to another , and last but not least , shuts down without warning . This product needs to be recalled , not purchased . STAY AWAY !
 My daughter loves trains and is adept with many software packages , but this game is just annoying.The layouts are too simple . You can `` choose '' but they 're all really small . You can only put a certain number of plants on the layout . You can only put one cargo item on the layout.She would enjoy just watching the train run , but it does n't just run - there are always mishaps - things spilled on the track , stuff that has to be done . They 're difficult to understand and kind of boring - having to click every rock away . I can see the point but a `` no disasters '' mode -LRB- a la the original Sim City -RRB- would be an improvement.The decoration feature is similarly lame , and it does n't do anything . It should at least let you watch the train go around the track with your decorations.In general the interface is clumsy and unintuitive . There are many games that my daughter can play all by herself - but when she plays this one she constantly needs my help to figure out what to do . And I do n't really enjoy clicking on boxes one at a time.Geotrax -LRB- plastic train toys -RRB- is less expensive , easier to use , more fun , and still works when the power goes out .
 Amazon.com listed that this game would work with Windows 95 . After many failed attempts to install it , I read on the packaging that it only would work with Windows 98 , and above . How can we review it , if we ca n't even install it . Ordering online it is very important that all system information is correct . This was n't . Too bad , my son will miss not being able to play Thomas as promissed .
 i hav n't bought this game for my 5 year old but i really do n't want to try . he is so upset that the gsmes always freeze that he has stopped asking for them . after all that money spent another try is not worth the saddness .
 Our kids have enjoyed all three of the previous Thomas software titles -LRB- `` The Great Festival Adventure '' , `` Trouble on the Tracks '' , and the `` Railway Adventures Playset '' -RRB- , and we purchased this latest title a few weeks ago . This one seems very unimpressive in comparison . It might be an ok option if your child is 2-3 , and/or if they like the idea of completing a game within 15 minutes ; otherwise , you should probably choose one of the other Thomas titles.The game designers had a good idea -- design and build your own rail line -- but their execution of this idea is pretty dull and disappointing . You do n't get much control over the design of the line , you just select one of 5 pre-designed layouts . All 5 layouts are small -LRB- one screen -RRB- in size , and they 're all pretty similar to each other . You do some inconsequential decorating of the layout by placing a few trees and rocks here and there . After that , you run an engine around the line for as long as you like -LRB- it takes just a few seconds to drive a complete lap -RRB- . Along the way you can complete a couple of dull and extremely simple activities , like load a stack of boxes from one spot and unload them another . It seems silly because you only carry the load for a few seconds before it requires you to unload it all ! After that , you can clean and repair the engine -LRB- something that 's part of every Thomas game -RRB- , and lastly you `` decorate '' the engine , which means you get to choose from a few pre-selected decorations . It usually takes 15 minutes or less to complete the whole game.The game offers two different skill levels , but the ONLY difference between them occurs during the placing of tracks onto the track layout , and it 's a really minor difference in difficulty -- my 21/2 year old can do the higher level.It 's a disappoinment from Infogrames , the company that recently acquired both Hasbro Interactive -LRB- which made the previous Thomas titles -RRB- and Humongous Software -LRB- which produced a LONG list of great kids titles -RRB- . I 've seen a few of their other recent efforts -LRB- including `` Dora 's Backpack Adventure '' and `` Blues Clues Preschool '' -RRB- , and I have yet to see them produce anything that 's on par with their predecessors .
 My son is 31/2 and a Thomas crazed child . He seems to like this game and has been playing with it consistantly for the last few weeks . However , the game is not very impressive , as other reviewers have already stated . It 's very limited and does not do nearly as much as the game that comes with the Thomas attachment for the keyboard . -LRB- He has that one too -RRB- If you are debating between spending the $ 40 on the other game or getting off cheaper with this one , get the one with the attachment . That has at least 5 times more content to it and will last alot longer . Plus my son loves getting to actually drive Thomas . This game is a short lived Thomas fix for those children who love Thomas . It 's not a bad game , there just is n't very much to it . My son had completed the three locations and the 5 track layouts in less than an hour -LRB- on both levels -RRB- I know I was bored to tears with it after 10 minutes.It will help a child learn mouse skills -LRB- since it 's a mouse driven game , the one with the attachment does not use the mouse at all -RRB- .
 As others have mentioned , there really isnt a lot here . Despite the appeal of the Thomas characters , my 21/2 year-old was bored very quickly.We also have a very well-worn copy of Thomas and the Great Festival Adventure , which actually has puzzles and seems to teach something other than just mouse skills . I was expecting something of at least that quality as was very disappointed.Also I should mention that whilst the interminable instructions are being recited , the mouse cursor is hidden . This caused a great deal of confusion as my son could n't work out why the mouse was n't working all of a sudden.In short , a regrettable purchase -LRB- I will check the reviews next time ! -RRB-
 My son is also an avid Thomas Fan and we bought this since he had played the Great Festival Game several times . We run Windows XP and could n't get the game to load properly . When we finally got into the game there was n't much to do . The Great Festival Game is a much better deal .
 this product stinks ! First of all , it only worked when it felt like it and then when I updated my computer , the tool bar told me that the operating software was too old to be compatible with my mac ! They are selling software from the early 2000 's around 2002 or so ... do n't buy it , you 'll have to buy a real old computer for it to work or better yet , just return it ! Its a waste of cash !
 PURCHASED THIS GAME FOR GRANDSON ; SON DOWNLOADED IT - GAME DID NOT WORK RIGHT EVEN AFTER NUMEROUS ATTEMPTS ; LOCKED UP , AND TO TOP IT OFF SCREWED UP MY SON 'S LAPTOP . GUESS THATS WHAT YOU GET FOR PURCHASING A USED GAME . NEVER AGAIN . MONEY LOST ON THE GAME AND MONEY LOST FOR THE REPAIR OF SON 'S LAPTOP . NOT WORTH IT ! WISH I WOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT USED GAMES = DEFECTIVE GAMES .
 Attention to all makers of children 's computer games
 Activities are slow . Everytime you move from one screen to another , a `` loading '' screen appears for about 15 seconds . There are no verbal instructions which tell the user how to move from one store to another . I had to call the help line . In the `` Library '' it asks the user to put away the books on the bookshelf . The book names are letters -LRB- like M -RRB- . There is an `` M '' on the bookshelf . When the user clicks on the book and puts it away on the shelf where the `` M '' is located , the character on the screen never says that it is the letter `` M '' . I think the software could have been much better written .
 I bought this after reading these reviews hoping for a fun new game for my 2 year old . He has already mastered the mouse , colors , numbers , alphabet & has several other preschool games.This game is absolutely dull . The graphics are great , but it only holds his attention for a few minutes . The problem is that each section takes too long to load . Once loaded you have to listen to a VERY long discussion on each area . BORING ! He looked at me & asked `` play Elmo instead ? `` He enjoys the free Sesame Street & Noggin websites much better then this game . Learning should be fun . I am very sorry I purchased this CD
 This Blue 's Clues game looks like it was rushed through development . With the show 's old host Steve gone , they now have to quickly replace Blue 's old computer games so that the new host , Joe , is in them . Most of the simplistic activities have a recurring theme
 We were so excited to see a new title released with Joe in it . We quickly oredered this for my 3 year old twins and when it arrived we were very diappointed . The kids quickly bored of it and do n't even ask to play it anymore . When asked if they want a Blues Clues with Steve or Joe in it they say `` NO JOE !! '' . Stick with the older Blue 's Clues , my twins love Blues Art Time activities .
 Blue is cute , but this program is a bit on the boring side . If each of the activities in this program were released seperately on its own , they 'd make a nice little online Flash or Shockwave game that you would expect to play for free on the web . And like most online games , you would n't be too impressed when you were done . Too bad as we were expecting more than that from Blue .
 After installation , my system was virtually unusable . Since I had enabled the constant `` background '' defragmentation , I quickly configured it to run only in the middle of the night , and yet the system was still wildly unresponsive . Web use was massively slower . An uninstall took nearly a half hour to process , but immediately after uninstalling the system was again responsive as before . It also appears to have trashed one of my files in the process of defragmenting it .
 I find this program very complicated . I ca n't even figure it out so I 'm not sure how my 3 year old will .
 I threw this game away because of the ghost . I did not like my 3-year old son being scared of the ghost ; and then talking about ghosts for days . My husband was a little sad that I threw it away because he said it was an okay game . I was tired of my son asking to play with it ; and then dealing with the ghost episode . I do highly recommend `` Putt-Putt Enters the Race '' instead . My son never tires of playing it and it is a lot of fun for him . The actual race is not as much fun as the game itself .
 My 6-year old finished this entire game in the first day he had it . He said it does the same old things that all prevous ones did . He does n't want any future Spy Fox games unless they find away to make their games more challenging and interesting .
 My 5 year old got it as a gift and popped it in . After endless listening to the slow talking fox -LRB- you could actually spend 20 minutes without more than two mouse clicks -RRB- , we got nowhere . I do n't have hours on end to sit with him while looking on-line for every stupid click sequence to get to the next step . After an hour we gave up and I was so ticked off I had to pen this review .
 We 've played other Putt-Putt games , but for some reason , Travels Through Time is not only confusing to my 5-yr old child , but he has no interest in it . This is the kid who plays Freddi Fish over and over and over , same with Pajama Sam . Maybe it 's for an older child , but I 'd still not recommend it . I think the whole game is nonsense .
 I am an adult and I was having trouble with this one . My child and I had a ton of trouble with this game . Could not find a gas can anywhere which is an item that was needed . We found the homework assignment , but that was the extent of that . Then we were lost ! Shame as this was a cute game with nice graphics and all . Should have had hints in the game . Very limited in where your child could go with putt-putt .
 This was a waste of money for me . It has no instructions on how to use the sounds with Garage Band . When you load it , you ca n't even tell if it loaded or not . Very poor for an Apple product . I love Garage Band , this added very little to the already great program .
 i was just reading on another website of at least 2 others that had problems with this system . we load it up and it freezes when we are in the middle of it . we have Vista Home PRemium and have tried different ways to make it compatible , even though it says compatible with Vista.also the only way to get out when it freezes is to hit ctrl-alt-delete . the parts that i saw , did n't really show me the reading and spelling and vocabulary it promised . i think you can get more out of reading the book to your child.i am debating whether to send it back for refund because i was able to get it for 7.95 and it shared shipping with another item . the Daisy-Head Mayzie DVD works , so is it really worth me mailing it back to get a few dollars back.the tech support did nothing . there is no tech support and -LSB- ... -RSB- , where i purchase this item were of no help of all except to say , we will refund your money.sad .
 I just bought this program after having versions 3-8 and it sucks ! I will compare to 8 for its the most recent . It is nothing like 8 , you cant change dimensions easily for starters . . I started drawing and couldnt even find where the cabinets are ... it is very hard to navigate . Now maybe I am just dumb , but i have been drawing houses for fun for over 10 years and i just think this version sucks . If you are looking for something similar to the other versions , do not buy this ! If you want something new ... go ahead . Another little detail . . it wont import plans from old versions !
 In 1990 , I had a Broderbund software program that was perfect and this is not an equal replacement . This is just far too difficult to use and even get started . The Broderbund program really spoiled me and they quit making it , so sad .
 I used My Invoices and Estimates for six months . I bill over one hundred clients on a monthly basis . It was the worst piece of software I ever used . My first issue was the invoices do not show a due date . I had to manually enter a due date . What kind of invoicing software not automatically show a due date ? Other than that it was very quirky . The final straw was when I tried to load the software on a new computer and restore a backup . I could n't do it . The frustration was over the top . I have switched to Quick Books which is everything My Invoices and Estimates is n't - an easy to use , flaw free , professional software . Do n't waste your time and money on My Invoices and Estimates .
 I was using Version 7 for the last 3 years and stupidly spent the money , and TIME !!! switching over to Version 10 . After duplicating all of January 's transactions I tried to get my sales reports for January . For whatever STUPID reason the programmers have made it that the subtotal includes any shipping charges ! I can not fathom why anyone would do that - no one pays their sales reps based on including the shipping charges into the total !!! Even the Invoice journal reflects the shipping included with the sale of the commodity !!! Absolutely a piece of garbage and a huge waste of time !!
 If your a new user , You wont know what youre missing , If you have ever used ver . 9.0 and under , Stay far away . 10.0 is absolute trash
 Not as easy as the videos would have you think . While it eventually gets the job done ... it is much harder to do than you expect it will be . I would n't have bought it if I had tried it first .
 Beware ! Despite being labeled as `` Mac '' compatible in the summary description , this product will not work on an Apple computer sold in this century . It is only compatible with Mac OS 8.5 and lower . I bought this item , and when it arrived I realized it was compatible only with `` Mac classic '' . I requested a refund and the seller -LRB- `` Ladybug Landing Shop '' -RRB- promptly agreed .
 I do not recommend this product to anyone . Had I known what it was like , I would not have purchased it . I think it is far too boring for anyone to realistically pursue to help their memory , despite whatever evidence there may be to show its effectiveness .
 The benefits may be great , but the exercises are so boring that it is way too much effort to do them on a regular basis .
 Comment made by the user after about 30 minutes . Begged me never to make him use it again .
 This game looked so cool as it made my Pentium 1 computer crash again and again that I purchased a new Pentium 4 machine JUST TO GET THIS GAME TO RUN!Physicus has an intriguing storyline . Awesome , superior 3D graphics . The reference material is top rate.But the game
 That pretty much sums it up . I got a used disk and after a little time on the very first day , the program froze up . Could not get past it . Very disappointing , waste of money .
 I bought this for my daughter who is 15 and wants to be a science teacher . Neither one of us can figure out how to work it . We are not big games players , do n't own a Nintendo , game cube , etc. . We enjoy reading , but there is n't an instruction booklet to read . There 's an encyclopedia type part which talks about physics , but we all ready own an encyclopedia . Then there is a game where we wander around but ca n't figure out how to make anything happen , we just wander around the same paths over and over . Some things are obviously important clues to a puzzle but we have no clue how to interact with these objects . Definitely not for a computer games novice .
 iLife '05 is supposed to support RAW image processing -LRB- see product description above -RRB- for photos in iPhoto . The surprise is that although my Canon camera is supported , it 's RAW image format is not , rendering iPhoto useless for most of my photographs . This was unexpected as third party companies have image conversion software that manages to do this with little problem . I know there are many RAW image formats , but it 's the job of good technology to simplify a complex environment.I 'm new to Apple products and very pleased overall since we purchased the imac G5 . It seems like in most cases `` it just works '' describes their system well , but in this case , I guess we needed to read the `` fine print '' . I also noticed that it is still not possible to record anything on GarageBand with the iSight 's -LRB- Apples webcam/microphone -RRB- . Apparently there is some type of software/hardware incompatibility . Expected in Windows machines , -LRB- fortunately -RRB- unusual in Apple products . Not a major issue for most , but the incompatibility of Apple hardware and software is still an unwelcome surprise .
 After watching Steve Jobs ' Keynote presentation at the Macworld expo , I rushed to order my copy of iLife 05 . I was excited at the new features in iPhoto , particularly being able to create folders to store albums and slideshows . The new iDVD themes also looked beautiful.Before buying it , I carefully checked Apple 's website for the system requirements - I 'm still running OS 10.2.8 , so I wanted to make sure it was compatible . Sure enough , it said `` 10.2.6 or later , 10.2.8 recommended '' . Amazon 's tech specs say the same thing.But alas , I get the package , read the side of the box , and what do I see?System Requirements : Mac OS v10 .3.4 OS 10.3.6 required for HD and RAWI immediately rechecked the Apple site , where it now read 10.3.4 , or 10.3.6 . I was cursing my stupidity when I came across others who had the same problem - read the system requirements as 10.2.8 recommended , ordered it , and can not use it . Others have called Apple 's tech support on this and support has denied the website has ever listed 10.2.8 as a requirement.Please beware , if you are still using any OS earlier than 10.3.4 , this will not work !!! I really would like to rate it higher , but I 'd have to be able to use it first.Edit to review 02/21/05 : After reading other reviews , I think there was a misconception about mine . Let me clarify : I posted this review for a reason . For a short time , Apple 's website listed the ** wrong ** system requirements for iLife 05 . It had nothing to do with iTunes system requirements . After calling Apple , they acknowledged it was a mistake . I was told the system requirements for iLife 04 were `` copied '' to the iLife 05 page in the Apple Store . The wrong information was on Apple 's site for less than 1 day before it was corrected . I just happened to come across it before it was changed . ** Amazon.com also had the wrong system requirements -LRB- listing 10.2.6 or later -RRB- listed for iLife05 until about two weeks ago . ** Viewing the system requirements ** now ** shows the correct information.I was trying to caution others running 10.2.x in purchasing this product based on incorrect information listed on this site at the time . Seems to me one of the points of a review is to provide information that may be useful to potential buyers of a product , not to discredit another review.Apple 's website was clear . Amazon 's product specs were clear . They were , for a time , also ** wrong ** .
 I wanted to order the latest Mac version of iLife . Upon receiving your Email solicitation , I automaticaqlly selected the first iLife item that appeared on Amazon 's page . Unfortunately , it was for iLife ' 05 , rather than iLife ' 06 . Since I already had iLife ' 05 , I had to send it back and reorder iLife ' 06 . To Amazon , I recommend you feature the latest version of the product and list the discounted older version thereafter . To us Buyers , i 've learned to be more aware and detailed in my ordering . It saves everyone a lot of pain and suffering .
 Great Tutorial But ... Purchased the Professor Teaches ... based on three reviews . This is a fine tutorial but does not run on Windows Vista , at least not on my Ultimate Program . The tutorial instructs to click here , drag this , or type that . Well sometimes it works and sometimes the red arrow pops up and says , `` here dummy . '' So you repeat the prompted response and get scolded again . One can extricate themselves from this catch 22 by clicking options and then next , but when it happens every 3 or 4 pages it looses its sex appeal . Will try PC Tutor next.TGP
 The copy I recieved was used and was an old version . The pictures was very small on my computer screen and difficult for my child to see . I will not purchase from this provider again .
 My computer runs Windows ME . Never had a problem until I attempted to install Elements 3.0 to replace Elements 2.0 on the same computer . The message I received was `` Please run the setup on Windows 2000 SP3 and Higher Operating Systems . '' So , even though Elements 2 works on ME Elements 3 does not ! Do n't try to upgrade if you have ME . I 'll have to stick with the old version .
 DO N'T BUY THIS PROGRAM UNLESS YOU WANT HOURS OF HELL TRYING TO INSTALL IT .
 I just bought this product new two weeks ago . Why did you sell me an out of dated product . You have already sent me a message promoting Elements 4.0 . You should upgrade me to 4.0 at no charge . I had no intention of buying a product that would be replaced in two weeks . I am an angry customer .
 I was a user of Version 2 and purchased version 3 with great anticipation , especially as I had downloaded the trial version of Album.What a disappointment !!! I have not even bothered to explore any of the new features of either the Elements or Album as the product runs like a sick dog.I will be uninstalling this product and returning to version 2 until the new version is improved . It is currently unworkable even though my computer exceeds the minimum requirements for the product.This is not one of Adobe 's better product releases .
 I bought this product because it had such great reviews and it appeared to meet all my needs . I have had it over 6 months now and I still ca n't get the hang of it . It is NOT user friendly . I try to use all the help features but it takes so long to do just one little thing that by the time I am done editing one pic - I am burnt out and do n't want to touch it for awhile.If you are already up to speed with this type of software - it is really cool - but for new users - stay away from it .
 Requirements are a P3 or 4 with 256 RAM . I have a centrino 1.3 -LRB- maybe equivalent to a 2GHz P4 -RRB- , 512 RAM and dedicated graphics card in my notebook . That should be plenty but Elements takes almost a minute to churn through all the startup stuff -LRB- reminds me of the hilarious `` Office Space '' movie saving file scene - my scenario is less funny -RRB- . And that is just the editor . If you want to access the Organiser thing -LRB- the Album part -RRB- go away and make a cup of coffee . And forget about running anything else at the same time . None of my other applications are that resource hungry.I have other means of organising my photos -LRB- Photools iMatch -RRB- so I do n't care about cataloging my images with the Organiser . But , the Organizer is n't an optional component - you have to install it . On top of that , some of the creative features such as creating post cards can only be accessed via the organiser and can only use images managed by the organiser . i.e. I could n't simply pick a bunch of files from a Windows folder and use them to build a calendar . I had to import them into the organiser first . I feel it was a mistake trying to integrate these.I was also frustrated that some of the frames I could add to `` picture packages '' were very difficult to add to a print of a single image . e.g. I wanted to print a single picture with a snow flake border as was available for a picture package but had to ferret around the program files to find the snow flake file and add it manually.On the plus side the new highlights and shadows feature has worked like magic on many of my images .
 Some of prior reviews that I 've read for this product are so glowing , they could have been written by the Adobe marketing department . I wonder ... I hesitated to purchase the previous version of Photoshop Album since their free preview version had some basic ergonomic faults . The version imbedded in Photoshop Elements 3 still has the faults that I noticed previously and some more with new features.For example , once your photos are cataloged , lets assume that you decided to move some photos to other folders on your hard drive so that they all would n't be in one huge folder . This confuses the software . It recognizes that you 've added a photo to a new folder if that folder was turned on for monitoring . But , the monitoring feature is n't smart enough to realize that you , at the same time deleted the photo from another folder as part of the move . That causes messages to pop up at a later time about the original photo being missing . Is n't rearranging/moving files around on your disk an obvious operation that should have been accounted for by the software ? An obvious enhancement would be for the software to manage your images into subfolders on your disk based on a category of your choosing.As another example , when you stack photos , you do n't get a prompt asking which one you want to be the visible photo . So , you need to go back and view the stacked photos as another operation to decide which should be on top . When you decide , then to go back to viewing all photos , your scroll position in the viewing of all photos is lost . You 've now lost your spot as you were scrolling through the collection.You should always be able to go to an operation and then get back to exactly where you left off in your viewing of your entire collection . That , again should be one of the most basic basic requirements in the design of the product , but is n't . Those were just a couple of examples of obvious ergonomic flaws that should have been caught when designing the product . The Album feature makes for a nice demo , but is very frustrating in terms of real world requirements . What type of usability testing do they put their products through?The Photo Editor is an improvement over Photoshop Elements 2 , but the Album feature needs major -LRB- basic -RRB- design improvements . There are some bugs though in ` old ' Photo Editor features , including one where I had a hard time selecting a crop area.The other criticism that I have of the product is that the documentation/help is very limited . I guess that they expect you to purchase a book , which will add to your overall cost.The product is also significantly slower than the prior release , even while using features that are not new . Why should old features slow down ? If the old version already seemed slow on your current computer , this version will frustrate you . You had better have plenty of horsepower and RAM on your computer , especially if you want to have both the Organizer and Editor up at the same time !
 Adobe Photoshop Elements 2 was a tremendous breakthrough for the casual digital image enthusiast . With a huge portion of Adobe Photoshop 's functionality , it was for the average photographer all the program he or she would need . The weakest part was it 's photo browsing and library management . These failings were addressed with the release of an ancillary program , Adobe Photoshop Album . While not to everyone 's liking , Photoshop Album was powerful and very well designed , and together with Elements made a comprehensive set.With the release of Adobe Photoshop Elements 3 , Adobe has pulled a fast one on its customers . Instead of adding significant functionality to PE , it has given it lots of what programmers call `` chrome '' - the shiny bits of the user interface . It has merged in the features of Photoshop Album , but this is useful only to those who do n't already have Photoshop Album.For your money , the upgrade to Photoshop Elements 3 offers , essentially , one new tool
 I purchased this product three days ago for $ 99.99 . After installing it , I imported all of my photos to start the organizing process . At first I loved how easy it was to use . Then ... it happened . I started coming across pictures that were blurry beyond recognition . These were pictures that open in other programs -LRB- Microsoft picture viewer , picasa , and HP image zone -RRB- without ANY problems . After hunting around on the internet , I found a toll free customer support # -LRB- there was n't one included at all with the product -RRB- . When I called the `` tech support '' # , the gentleman that I spoke to told me that the problem I was having was well above his realm of expertise , and he gave me another # out of Washington State that I could call -LRB- not toll free -RRB- . When I called them , they asked if I was enrolled on one of their `` plans '' . I told them that I was not and that I just purchased the product and just wanted to know if there was a way to fix the problem that I was having . I was told that if I wanted to talk to a tech , that I would have to give them a credit card # and that I would be charged $ 39 if the tech determined that the problem that I was having was anything other then a defective installation disc . This quote comes directly from the adobe web site , `` If you need one-issue access to an Adobe Expert Support specialist , you can pay for a single incident . Calling about a single incident lets you experience the how-to-help and convenient hours of Expert Support for US$ 39 per call . '' Long story short -LRB- too late , I know -RRB- , I will never again purchase any products from adobe .
 I have been using Microsoft Picture It , PhotoImpressions , and other software for photo editing and decided to `` upgrade '' my digital picture editing abilities and bought Adobe Photoshop Elements 3.0 . From reading all the raves about this product , I was eager to give it a try.I am disappointed . I installed PS Elements on my computer and began to try to use it . Then I realized , `` Hey , there 's not a user 's manual in the box . '' It is extremely frustrating trying to figure out how to use a complicated , multifaceted program such as PS Elements without a user 's manual . The Help portion of the program is not very helpful unless you already know how to use Adobe 's Photoshop products.I spent -LRB- ... -RRB- for PS Elements 3.0 and now I must fork out more money -LRB- ... -RRB- to buy a book to learn how to use it . Adobe should include a user 's manual with the software -LRB- ... -RRB- . After spending about 4 hours editing a photo with PS Elements , I compared it to the one I had edited with MS Picture It . The MS Picture It photo looked just as good if not better , and it certainly did not take 4 hours to do.In PS Elements , I was constantly having to move the sliders to view the palettes on the right side of the screen . The Help instructions say do this , and I find it to be very annoying.If you are new to Adobe Photoshop products , be prepared to spend alot of time and more $ $ $ learning how to use it .
 I 've been very happy with PE2 ... works nicely , not clunky , even the great sunflower confronting one on opening . So I thought I 'd upgrade to PE 3 -- a great mistake and waste of money . I 'm still using PE 2 ; PE 3 is clunky in its operation -LRB- and my computer has over 500 meg or RAM and 1.5 ghtz processor , 160 gig hard drive -RRB- . There is just no comparison in the ease of operation with P.Elements 2 and this new Vers . 3 , which also takes forever to load as it goes thru all the fonts or some such thing . Finally , to add insult to injury , they 've removed the pretty sunflower and you 're confronted with this grinning woman as you open the program , and no way to switch her out for another pic ... jeez , give me back the sunflower any day . P.E. 3 may have a few more features , but nominally so over P.E. 2 , and the trade off does not begin to compensate for the overall clunky operation of the P.E. 3 program . What a waste of money !! Sincerely , disappointed buyer of P.E. 3 , Robert A. Fesmire
 -LSB- Update
 Editor and organizier bundled together seems a good idea but I 'm not sure version 3.0 has got it right . I was very pleased with version 2.0 although it had it 's short comings.The Ugly is the time it takes this program to launch and to switch from organizer to editor . Every time you launch the program it tries to log onto the internet . Even when offline!The Bad is the Help system . There is very little information provided and you have to go online to get help ! Does Adobe think all computing is done while we are connected to the internet.The Good is certainly worth waiting for . Improved cropping tool , healing tool and my favorite a one click red eye correction that really works . Despite the Bad and the Ugly I think this is a tool you need if you are working with digital images . I 'm hopeful that Adobe will correct some of these problems with updates soon .
 I have spent a week working with Elements 3.0 learning how this program functions . While working within the program has become easier , the end results of slide shows shown at full screen or burned to VCD and played on DVD are blurred . I have been using the Dell Picture Studio -LRB- Jasc Paint Shop Products -RRB- which came with my computer with clear crisp results on full screen and VCD played on DVD.Upon calling Adobe for tech support , I was told it would cost $ ?? .00 per call or $ ??? .00 per year for tech support , why spend more money for tech support on an inferior product . I 'm staying with Jasc.Think twice before buying Adobe Photoshop Elements 3.0
 I Bought Adobe Photoshop Elements 3.0 from Amazon for the Windows Vista and i was sent the program for Macintosh . When I contacted Customer the employee informed me they only take my money and order it from a vendor . He refused to help he and informed me to contact the vendor . I needed this program for a class now i even lost the money I paid for the class -LRB- 75.00 -RRB- . I would not even give AMAZON 1 star but it forces you to rate at least 1 . Do Not buy from Amazon . At least when I bought from EBAY I get what i ordered and the ONLY time it was n't what i paid for they returned my money and did not give me the run-a-round like AMAZON just did.If it says AMAZON Run !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I downloaded the trial version and immediately saw that the program was buggy and unstable - started getting weird error messages as this hawg was acting like Beetle Bailey on downers trying to get its act together -LRB- my gig of ram , blah , blah , did n't help -RRB- . I think it has trouble accessing its on self , it 's such a blubbertub . Just about sextupled in disk space occupied over ver . 2 . So then I download the 3.01 update , thinking these Adobe people worked some of the kinks out , but no - the update could n't even recognize the program , and quit . Repeated process - same result.Next step - uninstall , then proceed to clean up the biggest mess I 've ever seen left behind in the registry and elsewhere . Registry Mechanic just about choked getting rid of all the debris . Then I check the installation folder and just about all the stuff was still there!If you 're Mom and Pop , you sure do n't need this program * anyhow * - even if it were n't such a resource hippo . Get something like Paint.net 2.0 - it 's free . Of course it 's poor Mom and Pop that Adobe sought to target by throwing in all that organizer junk and prettying the thing up to look so friendly and inviting - steer them more to Elements and the heavy hitters more to CS.And for the folks left behind , just throw that 16-bit deception -LRB- which has been well-addressed in other reviews -RRB- at them so they 'll have something to gnaw on . Good work , Adobe !
 Photoshop Elements 3.0 does not work properly on my computer . I 've tried to contact Adode for technical support , but they do not provide free technical support . They charge $ 40 per question.Do not purchase products developed by Adobe . They are a waste of your money . The technology is great , but Adobe should support their products .
 I know that Photoshop is considered the gold standard of photo editing software and all that , but man , does Elements have to be so frustrating to use ? Has any programmer that built this code ever actually tried to use it to fix a picture?I wanted something more powerful than the free photo software available online or that comes with a new camera , but I did n't want to have to sign up for a Continuing Education class , either . Yes , it seems powerful , and all that , but it is so hard to get up to speed to know whether you are harnessing all that power . I am not computer illiterate . I use Excel , AutoCAD , databases , etc , and lot of job-proprietary software at my work every day.I bought 3.0 after reading reviews of how buggy 4.0 was . Elements 5.0 had not yet come out.A Few Frustrations : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Adobe did not see fit to provide a manual with the software , so I have now spent just about as much on 3rd party manuals as I did on the software . There is a short `` getting started '' manual . It is useless . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The Organizer . Why did Adobe think they were so much more clever than Microsoft and come up with another way to manage your files ? I simply want to go to a directory tree , open a file , work on it and then have the option to overwrite with Save or make a new one with Save As . No , Elements wants you to work in the Organizer , where you have to labor to find the actual location of the file you have up . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The Share functions . The photo album utility is surprisingly inflexible as to the sizes and orientations of the pictures printed out . I printed out a number of pages with 4 photos per page , and the images came out about 2 '' x 2 '' each . You can stretch them bigger , BUT YOU MUST DO EVERY ONE INDIVIDUALLY , not as a batch . The HP Photosmart that came free with my printer does a much better job here . -LRB- 4 -RRB- DVD burning . I have yet to succesfully burn a photo DVD with the included burner . Elements locks up every time . -LRB- 5 -RRB- New Version Every Year . Why ? Just get one right . -LRB- 6 -RRB- Resource Hog . I had to double the RAM in my computer just to get this thing to run . -LRB- 7 -RRB- No Tutorials . I could be made a little happier if I had some idea as to the best workflow to follow to work on a picture . Okay , I open up a file needing some work . Do I want to work on colors or brightness first ? What about Layers , when is the best time to put them in ? When is the best time to Sharpen ? Save ? Convert from this file format to another ? -LRB- 8 -RRB- Saving Files . Be aware that I have not found a way to prevent saving multiple copies of a file whether I want to or not . Every time I Save , whether I want to overwrite or not , I get a new file . If you are working with a HUGE . PSP or . RAW file , this gets to be a big problem . A 1MB . JPG file can easily become a 100MB - that 's right - 100MB . PSP file . Better have a big hard drive . This leads to : -LRB- 9 -RRB- Deleting Files . Never delete or move to another directory a photo again through Windows Explorer or My Computer . Use the Organizer . It freaks Elements out to not find a file there that was there the last time it was started up . It will make your life unhappy . -LRB- 10 -RRB- Adobe Gamma . It would have been nice to know about that little feature BEFORE I worked on about 300 pictures!This is just a start.It is easy to kick MS software , but there is one thing about MS products , they know how to make them intuitive . Adobe , fugedabodit !
 I was disappointed with Elements 3.0 . I purchased it because I wanted to put more than 1 music selection with the slide shows that I made . It performed that function but the resolution of the slide shows suffered because of a 3rd party program that produced the slide shows on a VCD instead of a CD . My computer which is fairly new with Windows XP Home and a LCD monitor worked perfectly with Adobe Photoshop 2.0 and produced very sharp pictures . The new 3.0 does NOT work on my computer and will only work on a TV through a DVD player . The DVD player worked but the resolution of the pictures was very poor and could only show it on a TV . I think the selection of VCD is a mistake in 3.0 .
 The dsk came and installed correctly , but when prompted for the serial number , the seller gave me an in correct number or the wrong number all together . I can not use the product and I have no way to get a hold of the seller . I 'm not happy about this purchase .
 I already use Photoshop , so I was looking for a lighter weight version with a great organizer for my 20,000 + images .1 . Elements may be a lighter version , but it seems to take longer to start and using it turns out to be less intuitive than Photoshop . I find myself turning to the -LRB- very poorly organized -RRB- Help for answers to basic issues .2 . The Help is terribly organized . For example , I needed information about adding folders to my collections . Searching on `` folders '' , `` adding '' , `` import '' , `` organize '' , provided no usefull information .3 . The Organizer is supposed to automatically add images that I place in its `` watched folders '' . It does not , and the Help is no help .4 . The worst problem is moving files with the Windows Explorer instead of the built-in Organizer . It loses track of the files and will ask you to locate them manually one by one -LRB- all 1000 files I moved -RRB- . Trying to move the files within Organizer is a major pain . Completely non-intuitive . You are supposed to be able to drag-and-drop , but the Help says that an alt-drag is required . Niether worked for me .5 . Basic commands are hidden in unexpected places . To see the `` organize bin '' you have to click on a arrow at the right-bottom . I would expect it to be in the `` view '' menu.I could go on and on , but the list is too long . Prepare for a major time waste learning to use a program that is supposed to make your work more efficient.To summarize - this may be a great program , but the interface and controls make it too frustrating to use . Add the inadequate support and/or Help , and you have a program that barely deserves 2 stars.All the above are even more frustrating when you compare it to a free program like Copernic that makes locating images fast , easy and painless .
 If you 're not already familiar with PS Elements or other Photoshop products , you might need to reconsider buying PS Elements unless you 're ready to spend alot of time learning to use it . A user 's manual is not included and the Help is not very helpful unless you already know what you 're doing . You will also need to buy a user 's manual . Also , PS Elements is rather slow .
 My primary reason for buying Elements 3.0 was to organize my vacation photos onto discs for archiving and viewing . I really liked the editing features , which I am just beginning to get a handle on.From the git-go the program could not see my CD burner . 2 hours on the phone with a sincere and knowledgeable rep got me no further towards resolution to my problem . It was a 4-year-old IOMEGA drive , and I suspected a compatibility issue . A new Samsung DVD burner solved that problem.Then I discovered to my horror that this product level would only burn VCD quality . My great photos all looked blurry and pixilated at the lower resolution . I do n't have hours to spend on learning the tricks of this software , but it would appear that to get DVD quality NTSC , I need to upgrade to a more expensive product.This is a huge disappointment , and right now the software sits on my machine while I figure out if I made the right decision.I also found the DVD presentation utility in the program to be very limited from what my expectations were . Looks like it does great PDFs and on-computer slide shows , but has very limited DVD burning capability . It would also be great if the product could save in the Kodak Picture viewer format .
 Bottom line
 I had this for awhile and it was wonderful , until my desk top got to old and I went out and bought a laptop.This program does not work with Windows 7 . So now I 'm stuck with a useless program . Oh and the only photoshop that works with Windows 7 is Photoshop elements 8 , so I have to go out and spend another $ 60 , wonderful.Get it if you have XP , everyone else do n't waste your money .
 I found this software very complicated to use . I purchased it because Adobe no longer supported my old version of PhotoDeluxe.PhotoDeluxe was so user friendly , easy to use , even for the novice user . PhotoShop Elements on the other hand is very complicated . What I could do with one or two clicks of the mouse , now takes four or five . The various tool buttons do not have ` drop-down ' descriptions describing their function.According to Adobe 's website , PhotoShop and PhotoShop Elements was designed to keep Adobe competative.Elements may have more features than the old versions of PhotoDeluxe , but figureing out how to use them has been a nighmare for me.So for the average user who wants to edit their family vacation photo 's , I have but one thing to say , save your money . Elements is not for you .
 What a sad disappointment ! Was looking forward to 16-bit tools and menu commands to follow through with the -LRB- truly splendid -RRB- Camera RAW converter . And yes , although that plug-in literally provides 16-bit SUPPORT , that 's only a half-truth -LRB- pun -RRB- , in that the 16-bit converted file works with neither layers nor tools . Other than for cropping or resizing you 'll have to downsize first to 8-bit/channel images for the image editing tools to function - in other words , no advantage over PSE2 . The User Manual , so informative in PSE2 , now is a glossy blurb bragging about what the program can do -LRB- and omitting the 16-bit deceipt -RRB- , but not a word on how-to-do-it . The ` Program Help ' , likewise , proves of limited help , and even those clever how-to recipes have been cut back since the PSE2 version . The neat new interface , conversely , is a substantial improvement over PSE2 . Support ? Go to an online ` User Forum ' where kind users might offer advice , else pay for telephone support -LRB- ? offshore ? -RRB- . Folding the massive Photo Album `` Organizer '' program into the image processing `` Editor '' has mushroomed the code from a lean and mean 92MB to a pudgy 220MB sloth . Even on my 2.8 GHz Pentium with 1 GB RAM , two hard drives and a fast NVidea graphics card , merely enlarging a window - or just watching the screen saver - is tediously slow , and jarringly jerky . This would have been a happier marriage had Adobe offered a choice of whether or not to install Photo Browser , and save some 100 MB of deadweight overhead , since there are worthwhile enhancements on the image processing side such as the RAW Converter -LRB- ACR -RRB- plugin , and the neat Healing Brush . The `` new '' PSE release reminds me of Microsoft folding its browser into the Windows operating system ; it 's bloated , clumsy , slow , and adds yet another layer of commands . All told , PSE3 is just PSE2 in fancy drag on wobbly high heels.The unintuitive `` Organizer '' is a beast of a resource-hog that heaps on loads of cutesy bells & whistles , but adds little of substance . If the guide-book cottage industry is any indication , PSE3 tips and hints differ but little from those in PSE2 versions ; most of the new material addresses the Photo Organizer and its bag of tricks . Tip
 I have enjoyed Elements 2 so much , that I quickly purchased the new version . Big mistake . It 's got lots of stuff in addition to editing software , but most of it is done better by others and all it really does is make loading longer and more annoying.In editing , you do n't get a full screen as it has `` tools '' all over the place simply providing clutter . It 's non inuitive and the manual ? is really a joke . You are forced into buying a supplemental user guide to try and figure out what makes this program tick.If you 've got Version 2 , stick with it and if your interested in being a first time buyer , save yourself a lot of money and buy a used or heavily discounted version of the previous version .
 I purchased this product from the Specs given , It would not even install on the new Intel Macs . After calling Nikon support they advised there was nothing that they could do , that I would just have to wait and see if they was going to provide an upgrade to this product . Yet their specs only called for OS 10.3.1 or Later and 256 MB of ram . Not one word here or on their web site in the specs about this not working on the new Macs . They later sent me a link to their FAQ page about the Intel Macs . Luckily I had a power book that I could install it on so my dollars were not a total loss . BEWARE IF YOU HAVE A NEW INTEL MAC . UPDATE Nikon refunded my money for this item since their web site ws not clear on the equipment , The new Capture NX works with the Intel machines .
 It does n't get the job done , if you 're looking for usable digital photo editing , etc. .
 I own a Capture 4.1 . I wanted to install on my Dell Precision 690 . I was able to install it , together with an upgrade on the install disk , but when I tried to run it , I got a BSOD saying `` an attempt was made to execute a non executable memory '' . It is the only program which does not run on my computer , and the only one which gave me a BSOD in the last 5 years . Unfortunately I can not give 0 or less stars for such a buggy program .
 I can not use the ID Vault because the company that makes it has not upgraded the product to be used with windows `` Vista '' . This information is n't posted anywhere for the consumer to know this.Therefore , I ca n't comment on the product because I have windows vista and can not use it.Kalimah Whitehead
 I liked it until it announced that I either pay $ 39 for each year or bye bye - which it did . I bought two of them like a fool .
 The GuardID ID Vault software has incompatibility issues with many web sites . Worse yet , if you do n't pay the annual subscription fee , the software refuses to log you into your previously-stored financial accounts ; so basically it holds your stored passwords hostage until you pay the exorbitant renewal fee . I was expecting that ID Vault would stop providing technical support -LRB- which was no help anyway -RRB- , but rendering the device useless until I pay more money is just plain criminal .
 Disapointed This is not what I thought I was ordering . I did not understand that I need a Barney also , I was just looking for a Barney game .
 When you buy this product you will get a mediocre product at an inflated price . What you will also get when you buy any Ashampoo product is a neverending supply of spam . What you will not get is customer service . Oh , and that little opt out link at the end of your weekly spam does n't work . So if you like your spam boiled , fried , or just cold canned , welcome aboard .
 I purchased this software specifically for the PDA . Unfortunately , it is very clumsy piece of software and I was getting errors when computing routes . If you are expecting to have the entire US on a SD card and have it on the PDA when traveling you can forget it . You have to export section of the US from the PC software . If you export an area to large then you will get errors from the PC . I was able to export the state of florida and parts georgia but beyond that I could not . Rerouting is not automatic . The voice prompts are not audible and only say a few things . Do n't even think about trying to perform a route when driving since icons are close together and requires a lot of effort . The PC version of the software appears to be pretty robust though . I have been reading that iGuidance is better and it more closey resembles the navigation systems that are sold for vehicles . I just figured instead of paying $ 160 + for a navigation system that only does one thing I would buy this and save about $ 70 + and get the same thing with my PDA . I was wrong .
 This product will not let you search for street names/addresses on a pda ex . palm . Only waypoint , gas stations , etc can be found in a search . Very disappointing product.I got a refund and going for another product .
 I wanted a bluetooth GPS receiver and mapping and I bought this one . I have a new Toshiba P205-S6277 . I bought a Kensington BT usb adapter for it . I only got the bluetooth mode to work 1 or 2 times out of 10 . After many calls to Delorme , they had me try many things , but none seemed to help . After all this , they determined that it must be my equipment . They said I should get a Belkin bt adapter . It still did n't work . To be honest , I do n't know how much is due to Vista.It works great with the cable to the usb . I like the mapping software , but I bought it for wireless . I was able to return it as it seems to be a hardware problem.I bought a Garmin Mobile 10 . It 's a little higher but the bluetooth never fails . It connects everytime . -LRB- It had better because it 's bluetooth only - no usb cable connection -RRB- . I did n't try with WinXP or other . If I had XP and the BT worked , I 'd probably give it a thumbs up with 5 stars.ps . I like the user reviews on Amazon . They help me . I hope some one can use this .
 read some of the review about the blue tooth , but wanted to try with my handheld anyways . Purchase this and wound up getting version 2007 plus of street atlas ... for some reason -LRB- I guess the box -RRB- I was expecting 2008 . Like most reviewers , I 've got a previous version on my pc along with the LT version of the gps device . I 've got a more up to date , yet still outdated version of the streets , and a poor excuse for a handheld gps ... ca n't go outside of downloaded maps ... IT sucks . . not lemons , but maybe lemonheads , but i expected that .
 This tool is very difficult and awkward to use , look elsewhere . I took this on vacation and ended up using paper maps and an angry spouse . I consider myself a bit of a `` techy '' and could not make this work right . Here are the reasons I do not recommend this product :1 . Not user friendly - the home screen tab nomenclature has `` Xdata '' `` Find '' `` Phone '' etc. . When you click on these , the fields to enter info do not work right . It 's not at all clear what to do .2 . When moving the map around on the screen , you have to move the cursor to the perimeter to have the `` hand '' pop up . If riding in a car , it is difficult to keep the hand engaged to move the map , too sensitive . Also , when the map finally moves it leaves a blank pattern in its wake until the sytem catches up .3 . The Palm OS use is a joke . It takes way too much time to determine a route . The GPS cursor drifts and you really can not tell where you are . If you go off track , the system will not reconfigure your route automatically . The Palm screen is too dim to use in day light.Bottom Line
 I have two TomToms , but was looking for something that I could plan for the next day 's trip on a larger screen , like a laptop . I thought this was the product for me . After reading the reviews of users of this product , I wil stick to the awkward touchstreen of my TomToms . Thanks for the great headsup!Harley Jones
 The Earthmate GPS BT 20 2008 was never delivered to me . But the book was , both had the same address . Amazon gave me a refund , however the GPS software is now more expensive . So either you honor that original price or I will buy it someplace else.Troy
 The software is wonderful , BUT ... I have -LRB- had -RRB- the premium edition -LRB- $ 1,200 + -RRB- . During a recent move , through no fault of my own , my dongle for the software got lost . They told me that I would have to pay another $ 1,200 to replace it . I 'll do my designs in Illustrator from now on and will never do business with that company again.In this era of secure digital registration , there is no reason to require a hardware security device.To Glass Eye ; you 've just lost me as a customer , and as many other people I can advise against buying your software .
 I have had this product for 5 years . Every time I try and do something with it , I just ca n't . I find the instructions to be confusing the layout on top to be wanting and the learning curve to be incredibly difficult . I can never get it to do what I want . I ca n't find anything when I 'm looking for it ! I want to do a simple art nouveau panel for a kitchen cabinet and I ca n't figure out the simplest things like setting my margins . I really want to use it because there are so many features I like . I really think it 's laid out poorly and I 'm good with computers ! This was the biggest waste of money for me .
 I had been using the demonstration edition of this software for quite awhile and finally decided to upgrade to the standard edition for $ 150.00 . What a colossal waste of money ! It DOES NOT give you anything more for the money than the free edition does . How disappointed I was when I finally realized my mistake ! Do n't waste your money unless you are going for the big and most expensive version ! Buying the Standard Version is a complete waste of time and money .
 This product is not bluetooth , but USB . Either I did n't read the description well enough , or it was not clear in the product info . I did n't need another USB GPS sender , as I already have one that came with Microsoft Streets and Trips . I returned this product because of the misunderstanding .
 I have found this package to be very disappointing . It is very user unfriendly and counter-intuitive . Basic directions should be easy to figure out without having to search help menus . It does n't use common sense to create directions from one place to another . It 's an arduous process to find an actual address and import it into the directions program . My GPS device only works intermittently . Directions recommended are wrong . I was told to turn on a couple of streets that did n't exist in my neighborhood . The GPS does n't show my accurate location on the map . It does n't recommend most efficient ways to travel . Everything is just difficult , and the program/GPS unit simply does n't work properly . The seller -LRB- JDHines -RRB- refused to refund me , so I have wasted over $ 100 dollars on something that will be going into the trash . I will look into buying the Microsoft version of this next .
 I installed this on a new laptop and did not change any program settings . On the first trip I used it on I was driving through high speed rush hour traffic after dark in downtown St. Paul , MN . The program inexplicably directed me to get off the interstate and re-enter a few blocks later . Seeing no reason to do so , I stayed on the interstate , expecting the program to re-calculate the route . Instead , it displayed `` ROUTE ERROR '' and quit tracking altogether ! Fortunately , I knew my way around enough to get out of downtown safely without having to stop , but the program had to be restarted to resume tracking.Tech support was little help . When I reported the error , they said there must be a `` break in the data '' and it should n't happen `` very often . '' I replied it is unacceptable and unsafe for the program to shut down rather than continue to try to recalculate in heavy traffic , and asked if there was a program change in the works to resolve the problem . Instead of addressing my question , they told me to try re-installing the program.BETTER KEEP A MAP IN THE CAR IF YOU 'RE GOING TO USE THIS PROGRAM .
 Bought this unit to provide NEMA data for other than Delorme software -LRB- Google Earth -RRB- . Nope , LT-20 apparently does n't provide NEMA data , only Delorme software will work with it , so I 'm stuck with Street Atlas 2008 that is hard to use and really outdated by at least 10 years . Software came with a coupon for $ 40 worth of map updates/downloads from Delorme . Nope , that deal is not being honored by Delorme . Also Amazon 's product listing states this comes with Street Atlas 2008 * PLUS * . Nope , this is not the case . It comes with the less expensive and mostly worthless standard version , not plus . Could this be `` bait and switch '' ? Really disappointed with this purchase , and seriously considering returning it .
 I bought this unit in anticipation of using it with my laptop on a long road trip . The software loaded fine and worked with the GPS receiver included with it . While using it a few times , however , I 've found some serious limitations . First , the user interface is completely unique and requires some getting used to - it 's not really bad but I 'm the only one in my family that 's taken the time to figure it out . Second , the points-of-interest -LRB- POIs -RRB- , like gas stations , restaurants , etc. , are very sparse and out-of-date . Third , and perhaps most disturbing , is that the GPS receiver loses lock on the GPS satellite signals in overcast skies . This might not matter if you 're cruising along on a highway , but not when your trying to find your next turn . For these reasons , I recommend looking elsewhere for a laptop-based GPS unit .
 I have all 50 of the DeLorme State map books . They have good topo features and decent references to parks , points of interest , etc. . When DeLorme put the maps on a disk with a GPS connection I thought navigating would be a breeze . I can not tell you how much time I have wasted plotting routes on this software . I used it on a 22,000 mile road trip/photo shoot in 2005 . I work in out-of-the-way areas . The database maps -LRB- both street and topo -RRB- have no detail in national or state parks . They generally do not even show where the visitor centers are located.They do not show the points of interest in the parks . They are just big green blobs on the screen with a line running through showing the basic road that transverses the park land . The maps have absolutely no topo features like the books . That is another software subscription . The Topo map program -LRB- which I also bought for the 2005 trip -RRB- did not have the trip planning functionality that the road atlas program has and does not provide worthwhile topo features in the public lands . The topo program is almost amatureish in its renderings and if you want to use the split map and see an elevated view , you get very little useful information for planning . Certainly , with national lands and the trails in them being absent from the data bases of both the street and topo products , it offers minimal help to the hiker.Notwithstanding my dissatisfaction with the 2005 street and topo products , before I embarked on the current journey -LRB- I have been on the road 21/2 months as I write -RRB- , I bought the 2008 street map disc -LRB- it is not an upgrade , you buy new each time -RRB- . As with the 2005 version , the GPS periodically tells me that I am off route , as the cursor shows me tracking across farm fields , etc. , maybe where the road used to go years ago . Frustrated by all of this , I went back to my Garmin Quest . It also leaves a lot to be desired but it is more reliable . If you get the DeLorme gps , spend at least a day learning the basic functions . There is little intuitive about its operation . Spend another day in your computer setting your waypoints -LRB- roads , towns , addresses , etc. -RRB- that you may be traveling the next few weeks and run a couple tests to see how well the program maps your route . I often have to go into the route and force the most direct route by adding via/waypoints along the way that simply looking at the map makes clear . If you try to do this while traveling , you will spend more time on your computer than driving . I am on a 6 month journey right now and have simply removed the DeLorme programs from my computer and only rely on the Garmin to get me through or around metropolitan areas . Otherwise the paper DeLorme state atlases and basic state maps guide me . Finally , do n't rely on the program to have up to date comprehensive info on lodging , points of interest , etc. . All have some , but in the last month none of the programs have guided me to one location where I ended up spending the night . For every one RV park that showed up from the data base , I saw one or two more in the same area that were better . And if you have an `` air card '' for your laptop , you can use the Google maps and get traffic info along the way .
 When I purchase products from Amazon I look at the critical reviews . I also look at the good ones . There were none on any living soft product . The information suggests this to be a powerful tool for the money . It falls short.I 've written reviews before . Usually I make an effort to critique objectively and from the buyers point of view . I recognize there is a limited market for this type of software . The premis is great . The price is great . I needed features to write in Kana and Kanji from English , as my associate in Japan has some difficulty understanding my English . It can function as a word by word learning tool . And it appeared to translate into Japanese writing.It does translate , one word at a time . my problem is that I had block copied two sentences at a time and emailed both the English and translated form to my Japanese Associate I received a return email back with my associate telling me it is confusing . He took the translation to Yahoo Japanese-English translation and sent it back . Again quite confusing.I used the software to translate the Kanji-Kana back into English useing the software . My translation was somewhat different and also confusing.I was sent a 2008 version on CD with no instructions or activation key . I recieved no key to activate software , and although the sales people responed fairly quickly to my inquiry . Later when attempting to get a key , I recieved an e-mail with a two line string of characters . I also had oters working on this . We contacted support and it took several emails to aquire the activation key.The service technician , I 'm sure has many tasks.This is not my first attempt at purchasing translation software . It is very complex to translate grammer and text as well as put it into a picture grahic language . I found a worse program in Freeware . There are programs which cost considerably more , and there is a reason.I would give support staff four stars . I would give sales staff three stars in the immediacy of responding . I would give them two stars for attitude . I would give the software two stars in that it does serve some function and as I have been recently informed by sales staff it does not say that it does the type of translation I expected.My advice , which I am taking is this is a situation where the amount of money although not significant , and time which was significant , and my personal dissapointment will steer me away from this company 's lack of recognition of customer satisfaction . After several emails in which I felt that it was my fault that I had not done the correct proceedure I have since blocked them from my email.Again , this is my personal response and it may not be so with others . There is a large dictionary and it may work one word at a time . The dollar cost is quite low .
 I can not speak for other programs Intellisync claims to support , but I can say my experience with transferring between Intellisync and Lotus Notes has been one of the worst I have had . As a systems person with over 15 years experience , that 's very bad.It is true that it installs easily , but it is totally unreliable and unpredictable in its behavior when synching your Palm appointments with Lotus Notes 4.5 calendar.Our office purchased one copy and tested it for several days . While its functional design could be improved , it seemed to work acceptably . After we bought six copies , erratic behavior started appearing in our original test installation . We have had similar problems with a second installation.Please refer to A Sofware User from Buffalo for a good account similar to our experiences . Tech Support has * never * responded to our e-mails . We were so fed up at that point that we have not pursued it further and are writing this up as a loss.You can not selectively accept or decline changes . This results in duplications that you either have to live with or manually delete in the Palm or in Notes . Sometimes appointments are n't picked up at all . There seems to be no consistency to the behavior to let us diagnose the problem . There is a Re-synch option to re-do from scratch , but it does n't work consistently , either . We have had to uninstall and reinstall IntelliSTINK -LRB- as we now call it -RRB- and sometimes even the Palm Desktop software to correct inconsistencies . But again , this does n't last.I am always a little uncomfortable reading strong negative reviews because I wonder if the reviewer simply did n't follow instructions and is unfairly venting . In this case , several different people with years of PC experience have worked with this software , thoroughly studied the documentation , and tried a host of approaches to get acceptable operation . As a systems office , we know you ca n't find perfect software , so we were n't expecting perfection in this.Unfortunately , this is so flawed and aggravating to work with that I would urge you to look elsewhere . Since there are a number of positive reviews , though , you may find it works for you , but definitely try the software for your particular setup before you buy it . And be sure to test it heavily . It may appear to work fine at first , but repeated use seems to lead to problems . Plus , based on other negative reviews of the support , you 're not going to get much help from PumaTech .
 I love my Palm and use it for almost every feature . I especially use the repeating scheduled events feature for meetings . When I used Desk Top to Go to sync palm with outlook at my old job , it worked like a charm ... much like the palm hotsync to palm desktop . It allowed clear override of handheld over PC or vice versa for each individual function.Intellisync to Groupwise synchronization at my current job is a total nightmare . I tend to use the palm at off site meetings all the time and to make changes on the fly while out of the office . The synchronization is more for my secretary than for me , so she knows where I am and can let folks know when I am available . Intellisync does not allow for a complete override of handheld over PC or vice versa . It wants to be able to synchronize both and the verification is an all or nothing thing . You can not go in and accept some , but not all of the conflicts . Also , it wants to put items back into my palm , that I have taken out as repeating items . It is a nightmare that I can not live with . I thought I was crazy , because others do not have this problem , but other folks at my company tend to use primarily the PC and rarely make the kind of changes in the handheld that I do . -LRB- I use for to do lists , notes , memos , etc in addition to self scheduling -RRB- The IS folks have worked on it with me and agree that it is quirky and not something that I am doing wrong -LRB- oh how I hoped it was something I could learn to do differently -RRB- I no longer use Intellisync to sync to Groupwise . I sync to Palm desktop using the palm hotsync and my secretary uses that to know where I am . We are both much happier , though other Groupwise users hate it because they can not look at my calendar.I 'd give anything to have this work properly and hoped it was simply something I was doing wrong , but I am sick of the manual labor it takes to go through a year of calendar to remove individual items that groupwise keeps putting back into my palm out in the future when I have removed it from the palm
 Since day one of downloading the s/w for the internet , I have not been able to get it to synchronize as advertised with Outlook -LRB- bi-directionally -RRB- . I made several attempts to get this resolved with their online support staff to no avail . They essentially gave up and referred me to their telephone support staff , who then wanted me to buy a srevice `` tag '' in order for me to get help -LRB- now that this problem had dragged on past their stated 45 day warranty period -RRB- . The manager of support -LRB- Howard -RRB- would not budge from his stance that after 45 days , there is phone support given without a $ 19 service tag being purchased by me ... he did not care that their online support staff could not resolve my problems when I first asked for help . I would not recommend any products offered by this company because of thier poor customer relations .
 I installed this product in early February and have been fighting to get it to sync my e-mail from Lotus Notes 4.5 ever since . The calendar syncs fine , but the software terminates every time during the e-mail sync and nothing transfers . I have reinstalled both the Intellisync and Palm applications , had my drives and network profiles reinstalled , and configured Intellisync every way under the sun . Pumatech tech support gave me a few suggestions , none of which worked . When I called back , they wanted me to buy a `` tech support ticket '' for $ 19.95 because my 30 day free tech support warranty was expired!I 'm not wasting any more time or money on this product . I 'll switch to something that works .
 While this product worked flawlessly for months , it suddenly failed for no reason . Reinstalling did not fix the problem . Users with identical Intellisync settings on the same platforms had conflicting results . Upgrading to Pentium 4 system resulted in nearly complete failure to synchronize . As others noted , customer support was worthless . Intellisyn says they will not support custom templates in Lotus Notes , yet , it works on some PC platforms and not others . Easy Sync is a much better option .
 New issues and this stuff hangs ... READ FORUMS ON INTERNETNow owned by Nokia and they have cancelled tech support . No mention of the hang problem on their FAQ 's ... . Wait until they get their act together
 I bought this product and it worked well for a while ; however , several months ago , I started having problems synching with my desktop . I lost all my information on the palm pilot and I 've not been able to synch for several months now . I tried calling the Customer support line for several weeks and when I did eventually get the right number , they were of absolutely no help . None , what so ever . Based on the horrible service I received , I will never buy another product from this company .
 We have a 100 visors and palms synching to GroupWise and normally have no trouble with this software . When it does mess up , it 's usually user error in answering the conflict messages & a total reset & re-sync usually solves the problem . Their tech support is one of the worst we deal with
 Does n't work with my PalmVIIx and compaq with Win 2000 pro AT ALL . I would be thrilled to give the complete package to someone @ 50 % OFF just to get it off my shelf . I use EasySync 3.0 a from Lotus . It works great ! gene
 I had been using Intellisync 4.0 to sync my Palm III with Groupwise and had no problems with it.I recently purchase a Palm m500 . When I tried to sync it to Groupwise using the USB cradle I would get an `` Can Not Find API '' error . I then turned on the wait forever feature on my Palm m500 . With the wait forever on Hotsync would go into a `` Not Responding '' state when I tried to sync with Groupwise 5.2 . In both cases I was able to sync with the Palm Desktop using Intellisync without a problem.I checked Puma 's web site and found information that 3Com was aware of the problem and working on a patch . I chatted with a 3Com customer service representative . She stated that the problem was that Intellisync could n't respond fast enough , due to the speed of the USB cradle , causing Hotsync to time out . She told me that Puma needed to fix their software.I e-mail Puma and they confirmed that the problem was with their software . They did not indicated that they had any plans to resolve the problem.I then purchased a serial cradle for my Palm m500 . But , the problem with Hotsync going into a `` Not Responding '' state when syncing with GroupWise continued to happen no matter what I did with the speed settings in Hotsync and on my Palm m500.Luckly , I was able to export my address book from GroupWise and import it into the Palm Desktop . I was not able to export my appointments and tasks from GroupWise , so I have to enter all my appointments and tasks manually into my Palm m500 .
 I tried Intellisync with two different PCs , one a new Compaq . . to synch with my iPAQ 3670 . The application never worked properly and worse yet it froze my PC three times . I followed the install and synch direction to the letter with the second PC but to no avail . Intellisynch did credit my account within 1 day however and were very nice .
 I received Intellisync free with my organizer and had such a hard time
 If you use a modern computer , this program will not work properly because of something called Palette Considerations . The only system this will work on well is one that uses 256 colors and nothing higher . If you try to create a Screen Saver , when it gets to Palette Considerations , the system locks up and quits working . If you 're looking for a Screen Saver , keep looking , do n't use this .
 I ordered a OS-X Mac version and was sent a Window 's version ; I am awaiting contact from the vendor on my request for exchange .
 I also ordered a macintosh version and received a PC game . It was suppose to be a gift for my son today and now he will get nothing . Not a fan of this place .
 I also ordered a macintosh version and received a PC game . It was suppose to be a gift for my son today and now he will get nothing . Not a fan of this place .
 I just wanted to add that Microsoft has still not fixed the bug that screws-up Transparency/Opacity . Want a graphic to show through ? Too bad , it appears solid . Same bug in PowerPoint , too .
 The out of the box MP 2003 templates for print and web publishing are excellent and easy enough to manage but trying to get them online is an absoltue nightmare . Files become corrupted easily and directories get run through the grinder , so by the time you 're ready to bring up your web site online it 's become an FTP rat 's nest . I 've worked w / 3 major host services and none of us could get an MP2003 generated site to work w / all indexes , images and text attached and/or pointed in the right direction . I would go w / the free Nvu.com software for a more stable web site creation . Code layout is easier to follow .
 I have been using Publisher 98 for some years and decided to upgrade to 2003 . I have never had any problems with 98 and been very satisfied . Publisher 2003 is a whole different ballgame . I purchased it because of the webpage publishing and found that I could not successfully publish using 2003 . I worked with a Microsoft specialist for over 2 weeks and we could not get the software to work properly . For me , Publisher 2003 is useless . I have gone back to using the old version and have absolutely no problems publishing my webpage to the internet .
 I 've used Publisher 98 since 1999 to do the Club 's website and newsletter . I thought I 'd upgrade -LRB- I ca n't remember why , but must have had a good reason -RRB- , and was disappointed . Publisher 98 really spoiled me , and Publisher 2003 increases the complexity and loses the flexibility of ' 98 . I uninstalled 2003 , and am still using ' 98 , and happy as a clam .
 Just took this one out of the box and even with a college education I ca n't figure out how to make it work !!! My 4 year old little boy clicks around aimlessly trying to make something work , to no avail ! Unless I 'm totally missing something , there are no real instructions as to what to do to get things going , there 's only a big to-do about the art show and portfolio .
 My daughter , who just turned 3 , is passionate about art so we thought this game would be great for her . Nope ! There 's no instructions , just a big fuss about an art show - you ca n't even figure out where the games are , much less what you do when you get there , and when you try out things , bad stuff happens . We clicked on a pad of paper thinking it would give us a fresh page , but it made a marker draw all over my daughter 's creation . We clicked on a portfolio thinking it would save her work and it just shot us back to some earlier part of the program . Who wants to play something that erases or defaces your art ? The ` make your own invitation ' insists that kids do glitter and a border - so much for free creative play . The Chalk Girl game is about making a collage , but the program calls it a mural , which I find a pretty shocking error in a game that 's supposed to teach you about art . I have n't yet figured out how to get to the playground drops , so I 'm giving it two stars in hopes that that game might turn out okay . Plus , the video with Steve is nicely done . But really , did n't anyone at this company test this out on real kids ?
 We got this in a pack with three other games . My daughter , who is four , played it once and has n't gone back to it . She would much rather play Clifford Learning Activities , which is a much better game , in my opinion . From watching her try to play this and helping her , I can tell you there is much more to do and learn in a game like the Clifford one . I think limiting it to just art is just that , very limiting . Your money would be better spent on a game that not only has art , but also counting , language , logic , problem-solving , etc. .
 This software did not work . I followed the instructions . Would not install on my computer . Would not purchase again . In fact , I did not even return it .
 I just ca n't get this to load on any system . I sent emails to the support contact listed with the CD and nobody has gotten back to me . I am very frustrated with both the lack of support and the false product description .
 Definitely read all the print on this product - It does not speak Farsi - only English . It does print the Farsi translation , but if you are trying to learn to speak Farsi this is not the product to use . I was very disappointed and wish I had n't assumed that it was bi-directional .
 The idea of recognizing handwritten math is great . However , this product falls short of what it could be since math is n't recognized dynamically as it 's written and it requires you -LRB- me at least -RRB- to significantly change my handwriting style for my input to be recognized correctly.A much better alternative , IMHO , is FluidMath . FluidMath has a simpler , more elegant UI that works great on a TabletPC or electronic whiteboard . There are also lots of great YouTube videos that show how to use FluidMath in the classroom .
 I had an older Version 2.1 of 3D Home Architect from 1997 and liked it but since we 're looking at purchasing a home to fix up , we thought it would be nice to have the updated version . Although the layout it produces is nice , it 's painfully slow even with plenty of memory and space on a fairly new computer and with a 3D graphics card installed . In 2D mode -LRB- black/white line drawings for layout -RRB- which should be faster than 3D , 90 % of all entry clicks take 10 + seconds before the hour-glass wait goes away and you 're able to do the next task . Building walls is n't too slow but inserting furniture , changing colors/materials is very slow . It does have an extensive selection of 3D items sorted by location that includes outdoor items , plants , decking , etc.My main problem is the wait between each little click . Rendering the 3D version takes 10-15 minutes and the program does crash -LRB- on my PC -RRB- if you decide to switch to internet while building the 3D look so you have to just get up and leave it to finish while on that screen . I 've turned off the sunlight , made the lighting lower , removed `` cast shadow '' on as much as I can per the PDF guide that says this will speed up the process , but I 'm having trouble believing it can be much slower even after tweaking these things.It 's amazing what they can do with 3D . The final product looks nice but , overall , even knowing that graphic programs take a lot of calculation effort on the PC , I think this program takes way too long to get where you 're going with it . Maybe an older version is n't this bad since my Ver . 2.1 is old but functionally easier .
 I purchased this from a local Office store & I am very unhappy with it . It is not user-friendly and I agree with the slowness of the 3D rendering .
 No way to put in your own photo . The program was just the most basic throw together so they could collect your and my cash .
 I bought this as an upgrade to Version 6 . What a disappointment . It 's worse and most of all it can not open or import drawings from previous versions . It is simply incompatible .
 I just bought this thing and I hate it . As a non-architect I designed a wonderful half million dollar home with one of the first versions of Home Architect . I can not even use Version 9 . The documentation is as terrible as the software . AH does not even have bathroom fittings that one can paste in . This program may be great for landscape , I do n't know or care . I want to build a house and I need to buy another program .
 To be fair , I have n't read the entire software manual yet , but right out of the box , I ca n't figure this out ! What I have read of the manual has not been helpful , like , What is the difference between lot size and property line ? I have had experience with MSDraw and other computer art programs , but this I ca n't figure out . I 'm disappointed that it is n't easier . Maybe someone can recommend a good resource to learn how to use this .
 The product came without a written `` how to '' Book . Difficult to utilize , and no clear idea as to how the landscape would look at any given time . But for $ 8 what do you expect ?
 I had a 3D architect a few years ago that I was happy with , but can not find it anymore . this program tends to lead to landscapeing which I thougt would be a plus or a add on , but it is more of a landscape program not an architect program . I am not happy with it .
 Given that the other product reviews are so old , you can figure that the software was developed for earlier operating systems . What you probably did n't know was that the software appears to have been esigned in 1983 . I had better graphics on my first black & white Mac , lat alone in 2007 when this software was first sold . Do n't bother with this - spring for the $ 40 program .
 I have a laptop and a 2nd graphics monitor at home , and bought this to calibrate both . I adjust the sliders on my IBM T40 , and the Spyder software does n't `` see '' that I 've done it , although it 's conspicuous on the LCD screen . The second monitor ? It wo n't even recognize it . Over $ 200 wasted . I 'm a graphics professional , and if I 'm missing something , the instructions are woefully inadequate !
 This arrived in terrible condition . The box was old and worn and awful . I was going to use this as a gift for someone who has cancer , but it will end up at Goodwill .
 Its just average . The one-year updates cost $ 49.95 ! whats up with that ? Encarta 2008 immediately updates upon installation . Free . Yes , ca n't use the software if you do a full install to your hard drive .
 In many ways this is a useful and complete encyclopedia , particularly for geographical , political and historical topics.However not enough effort is put into updating technical articles . For example , the article on the technology of photography is 25 to 30 years out of date . Digital still photography is not mentioned . The closest is a reference to the original Sony Mavica , an analog electronic media camera . The bibliography for photographic technology cites sources from the mid 1980 's and earlier.This encyclopedia would be far better if updating of topics were consistent throughout .
 I have purchased a number of Britannica products in the past and have been getting the latest `` ultimate '' type DVD regularly for a number of years now . While the underlying application and information remains excellent , the 2008 edition suffers from a very surprising attack of shareware-itis . In short , the software will show you a nag dialog every time you open it , and it will wait to do so until you 've already started whatever search you were intending thereby interrupting your workflow . It then gives you a dialog that basically gives you two options
 My only reasoning for acquiring Britannica was I thought that spending some money could land me a more comprehensive resource for quick research other than the free Wikipedia . As soon as I installed it , I did some quick article comparisons between the $ 35 `` 2008 Ulimate Britanica '' and the free Wikipedia and found that pretty much on every article I was looking at , Britannica fell way short in the depth of content . Their articles were at least 75 % shorter than the ones offered on Wikipedia , it offered no scholarly citations , no organization , few pictures , and fewer articles in general.I 'm not here promoting Wikipedia , but I was just wanted perhaps a more credible source of information . Instead , I only found that there was just so little information on this product it 's not even worth the comparison . I hope Encarta is a lot better than this ... or is our encyclopedic authority left to precarious user-submitted sites?I am a college student at a four-year university , btw .
 I realize that my review is not about this product , but I think it is relevant to potential purchasers of Avanquest products . I do not know anything about this particular program , but have had considerable difficulty with Avanquest as detailed below.I purchased My Ultimate Organizer 7.0 via download and subsequent key.I am not making this up - the product displayed a message in Serbo-Croatian telling me the key had expired.Four hours later with Technical Support and the problem is still not resolved -LRB- despite erasing the program , reinstalling , trying different keys , searching the Windows Registry , etc -RRB- . It takes a full hour on hold to get a technical support representative and at the conclusion of the last session , I was told to contact Customer Service for a CD copy in the hopes that that would resolve the issue . Now Customer Service tells me Technical Support must send me the copy , although Technical Support says otherwise . I am out $ 30 for a program that is at this point , totally useless , and left adrift by Avanquest who has my money and refuses to help me.I would purchase Avanquest products with extreme caution . If you have a Technical Support issue , you will have to wait a minimum of 60 minutes on hold -LRB- no 800 number -RRB- , and then get fairly substandard service after that .
 This gizzmo catches about 1 of 4 pop ups and unders . Gambling ads have it completly flumoxed . It seems to be able to choose if it will load when you log on . Sometimes it will actually ID your home page as a pop up and stick you inside of some kind of a loop . My suggestion ? With pop ups be coming more and more annoying , some software co. has to working on a better product.Be patient .
 i used this program for a few weeks . . works ok . . but i then got the google tool bar for free i like its pop up stopper better . . check it out its free ...
 You could buy this , or you could get a browser like Mozilla -LRB- which is free -RRB- that does the same thing .
 It 's called `` Pop-up Stopper '' . Maybe I 'm missing something but , should n't it actually stop pop-ups ?
 Chess Tactics ART was a great training tool for tactics . So when Covetica released it 's endgame training , I bought it immediately . After only a few problems I started to be suspect of positions that were evaluated as + / - or = . I put the positions into Rybka and Fritz and they found the position to be - / + or outright losing . The creators appear to have taken games from GM endgames with analysis from other GMs and never checked the positions against a decent computer engine .
 MYOB is the package I 've been using for the last 6 years to keep track of the money for my little one person company . To me the key to this whole thing is `` Mind YOUR OWN Business . '' If you really are the person running a small business , are you likely to be familiar with double entry bookkeeping ? I 'm not . So you 're constantly presented with little brain teasers like `` is this a debit account or a credit account . '' If you 're not an accountant , this will be more puzzling than you think.Then there are problems like printing a check , the printer jams , and you have to print it again . MYOB forces you to delete the old check and then start over from scratch creating the new one . There are many little usability problems like this one that just make me want to scream.In fairness , MYOB has lots of features - reminder lists , payroll , inventory , and more . It does a lot , and the price is n't bad.Its just that , if you run a small business you wear a lot of hats . You do n't want to spend a lot of time figuring out how to use your accounting software . You want to write a check , enter a sale , or check inventory , and be done with it . MYOB makes you work harder than you probably want to .
 I evaluated a trial version of this software that was billed as `` fully functional '' . It was heartily endorsed by a business consultant . But , I found that it was extremely cumbersome . The import abilities are weak , and I am still wondering why there was no provision for printing a duplicate invoice . That is where I gave up . My advice ? Go to myob.com and download the trail version before you spend any money on this one .
 This software was a waste of money and the plastic disk it used up . On the PRO side
 I still have n't receive my product yet . Once I receive it I will never order fromthis person . I ordered this a week ago .
 I can not get this cd to work on my computer . My granddaughter , who is very computer literate , could not get it to work either . I will try to get her to look at the ones I want before I buy them .
 decent graphics ... ok game i played the demo about 4 or 5 times ... would only pay about 19 bucks for the full version ... gamplay is well ... . ok ... but sheesh it slides a little to much . . no real control of the vehicles . . good amount of variety . . monster truck ... jumps ... bla bla ... but never really gives you the feeling of racing ... or for that matter driving a bug ... i know it may not claim to be a sim . . but hey . . nowdays simulation is best ... if i want cars that are defying gravity and when on mud it feels lick the slickest ice . . i would buy a dang console ... i have a computer ... graphics are ok . . still feels cartoony like most all other games ... we are along way from photo realizm ... sound . . well its ok . . nothing spectacular ...
 This product , Dr Seuss Kindergarten , really needs to be updated . It was incompatible with Mac OSX 10.5.8 and therefore disappointing to a little girl on Christmas morning .
 Overall the games are good and help the children learn however , they are a little too lengthy for their short attention spans . I work as a speech language pathologist in an elementary school with children pre-k to 3rd grade . I allow my students to play on the computer as a reward . They all enjoy playing the games but it takes so long to get through one game and if you exit your progress is not saved and you have to start over from the beginning . I often times will quickly finish the game for them to they can play a different game . I will get frustrated myself with the length . The game does have a chart that keeps track of the percentages for correct answers . This is great except for the color matching game . How can you keep a percent of correct guesses on a matching game . It is impossible for the student to get 100 % or even 90 % as you do n't know where the colors are to begin with . Good learning overall but to long for a child 's patience or even mine .
 Would not install with SuSE Linux 8.2 . The auto installation error message said to check that you have the correct CD . It may have been looking for a patch from the Sun internet site but I am not online with my SeSE Linux 8.2 yet and therefore could not get a patch . I talked to SuSe support and they could not comment on the product . I talked with Sun and was advised to get Star Office 7.0 . The cd case said it was for SuSe Linux 8.0 but nowhere does the Amazon offer say that .
 I do not know what others experienced , but running this patch CD ruined my linux experience . -LRB- 1 -RRB- SuSE linux 8.0 still does not recognize my PCMCIA cards , -LRB- 2 -RRB- when running StarOffice 6.0 I got error messages
 Ulead 's CD & DVD PictureShow Deluxe Version 3 is a cosmetic improvement over Version 2 . PictureShow 3 features a new simplified , straightforward interface ; adds Pan and Zoom motion effects , a nice set of matched visual and audio -LRB- instrumental -RRB- themes , and the ability to drop clipart on top of one 's pictures.PictureShow 3 's new interface divides the program into three distinct parts
 As of this writing , I am still unable to import my project files from the previos version.ULead issued 2 patches already , both trying to address this very problem.Both seem to be doing nothing more but displaying an occasional ad on a startup screen . Sad.Other than that , the previos version was a jewel of software , one of my all times favorites . A bit strange and clunky user interface , modeled after the wizard/workflow paradigm.The interface gets in a way , but it is possible to get the job done , although you will find yourself going back and forth between the screens to complete the task.Waiting for the patch # 3 -LRB- or whatever the number -RRB- to fix the bugsand start using this new version . -- December Update : I gave up on waiting for the Ulead to fix the bugs and decided to move to a different package . This was challenging , because :1 -RRB- It was very hard to migrate the project file to different software.Ulead does not provide any import/export capabilities , so I had to extract the information and map it with 3rd party tools . At the end , it worked , but it took about 3 days of effort . I used string extraction package , a file selection package called BFS -LRB- Better File Select -RRB- and string to file mapping software .2 -RRB- I evaluated close to a dozen of different DVD packages . I seriously looked at Adobe Encore , DVD-Lab , DVD Author , DVD Workshop , Reel DVD , DVDit , myDVD , DVD Junior , DVD Producer and DVD Architect.The only one I could not obtain an evaluation copy was Sonic DVD Scenarist , which is excessively expensive but considered to be the `` gold '' standard of DVD production systems.My choice is DVD Architect , it comes as a combo with a video editor called Vegas . This was by far the best solution thatwas easy to work with yet had all the funcitonality I was lookingfor . It was originally designed by Sonic Software , later spun out and sold to Sony . At this point Sony owns , designs and maintains the Vegas line of video and dvd authoring through its Sony Media Software division.As with any software it is not ideal -LRB- the price being one of the negative points -RRB- , but I was able to succesfully migrate my huge PictureShow project -LRB- about 2k of pictures and 20 + audio MP3 tracks -RRB- into DVD Architect .
 At first , I liked the improvements made to this over the 2.0 version I had been using ; however , when I tried to finally write an output to either a DVD blank disk or to an iso file , the program causes an error and drops out . This , after waiting over an hour for it to compile the slideshow!Thinking the program had bugs which were corrected in the next version -LRB- 4.0 -RRB- , I bought Picture Show 4.0 which unfortunately had even more problems . Then I went online to the users support groups and found that both programs had these problems and that many Ulead customers were complaining of the same thing . The same thing was true of several other Ulead products such as movie factory.After contacting Ulead , I found they had no solution and did not even admit there were problems . Sobeit . Ulead has lost a customer for good.The better tool -LRB- one that works -RRB- is ArcSoft 's DVD Slideshow , Version 1 .
 This would apeal to younger group and not as professional grade as I wanted . I was disappointed in the context . Very limited on transitions and timeing . Compaired to ProShow Gold , I liked the moving pictures and the amount of music available . Other than that , ProShow has it beat . What I do n't like in both the limit to music DLL 's . I had as many freezes with it as with the other and do n't understand why .
 I am so disappointed in this product . I will never buy another ULead product . Ulead has a great scam going on . . Ubuy and Ufigure out how to use the product . Support is non existant . The instruction manual is more of a product description and fails miserably to address questions or troubleshooting if you encounter problems . I sent 6 emails over a two week period and heard zip back from their `` Tech Support '' . Their solution to problems is provide a `` Member Forum '' and let their customers field the questions and problems with their product . I did post my problem but unfortunately the answers did not resolve the problem . Why does Amazon sell products from a company that has such a poor customer service ? Read through the `` Member Forum '' and you will see the problem is not unique to the PictureShow 3 product . I bought this product based on the reviews on Amazon , but I wish I had researched it further . I certainly am not the only sucker who was attracted by the bells and whistles . Lesson learned . I reluctantly gave this a one star rating ... the box it came in is nice .
 I purchased the ulead pictureshow instead of the nero elite because of the reviews i read in amazon . This is one of the worst software packages i have ever used , the help file was too general and for the several problems i had , it was no help at all . What little clip art to use is so poor and to import anything was an endless task . Also if you wanted to use any type of audio it had to be pathed exact , I still was not able to add any audio . I have used several programs for this type of work - this is the worst !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It 's going back !
 I am new to digital photography and purchased this product to get started organizing my slide shows . This software is a piece of junk . It is counter intuitive and the foremats provided are childish . I figured since it had a 30 day return policy there was no risk involved . I returned the product and after 6 weeks and 7 phone calls have not received my refund . I am using the software which came with my Canon digital camera and it is working great . Do n't buy this product . Based on the service I received from the service department I would not purchase any Ulead products .
 I have been attempting to get this program to work on my win 2k system since January , to no avail.It brings up the flash screen and comes up with an error halt - I was able to get it to boot up on my old win 98 system - but it is not usable on that system because it is too slow -LRB- 500MH -RRB- . I was not able to get through to tech support - and received no answer to my email as of yet - So will I will return the program . Hopefully I ` ll receive some sort of compensation.I have used Ulead programs in the past and they were great . These good experiences plus the great writeups influenced me to buy Ulead again ... I will probably buy MySlideshoow - Proshow gold which I have also tried .
 Have a problem ???? Do n't waste your time calling ... the number in the book is a non-working one...E-mail ???? Forget it ... you get an answer that does not relate to your question ... All they want to do is sell product then let you hang ... I have sent 4 E-mails and still no answer ... Live and learn ...
 Overall I found this product to perform as advertized but found it to be virtually useless because of its unbelieveable slow speed . Processing of a full photo dvd took over twelve -LRB- 12 -RRB- hours
 I am an advanced computer user . I use photoshop everyday . I am able to use every feature in all my photo editing software -LRB- 4 -RRB- , but not Picture Show . It will not burn to cd or dvd . It refuses to back up any project of any kind . It runs fine on testing the slide show , but it will not burn . The sofware fails to save to hard drives . I installed and uninstalled 3 times . I took the software to another computer , with same results , nothing . I have wasted 9 hours and 46 minutes , including repacking it for return . Save your time and find a better product .
 In terms of documentation and screen layout and logic one of the worst programs I 've ever encoutered . One example
 PowerDesk Pro 6.0 boast some great features , of which the most appealing to me is the ability to view thumbnails of hundreds of different file types . Unfortunately , in my experience on three different computers , it takes so long to generate those views that it 's not really worth the wait . Even clicking between different folders too quickly will cause PowerDesk to choke for a second or two . I also find it annoying to crash 1 out of every 5 times I use the program . PowerDesk has some great features , but it 's too unstable and slow .
 I used to own PowerDesk Pro years ago - i think it was version 4 or 5 . I quite liked it back then . However , I now have a much more powerful computer -LRB- Intel i7 , 12Gb Ram , Vista x64 , Nvidia GTX 280 etc etc -RRB- but i find Powerdesk unacceptably slow . Just one example - when it comes to generating thumbnails of images - forget about it . Its ridiculous . My machine is running at 4GHhz rock solid stable -LRB- its used for intensive 3d work that requires 100 % stability -RRB- and yet I have to wait around for Pdesk Pro to generate a few thumbnails . Any other app -LRB- whether it be windows explorer or irfan or adobe bridge etc etc -RRB- will generate the thumbnails fast -RRB- . Also , i find it crashes a lot . I am uninstalling it as of today . I have installed it on an older XP x64 machine though and it seems to be OK on that machine . I am amazed also that the file viewer has not been improved - it doesnt read a lot of files -LRB- even image files -RRB- . The interface is pretty much the same as it was back in version 5 . Not impressed
 I previously used Powerdesk 3 and it was slow but usable.Now I have a much faster desktop with Win7 64bit and PowerDesk 6.0 takes forever to disply picture icons.It hijacked windows explorer and when you try to open it to view directories and files it open PowerDesk 6 instead . I tried to uninstall it via control panel and when i click it , it opens Powerdesk 6 instead.PD has a control panel open option in its menus and when you click it , it opens another instance of Powerdesk.I looked for an uninstall opintion in the Powerdesk programs directory folder and there is non.I will have to uninstall it via a win restore . I installed it with the original Avanquest Cd , not a download version.And the program acts like if it was a virus infection or malaware program . Beware . Stay away
 Theoretically it would be a fine program -LRB- I had purchased all of its previous versions -RRB- , however , this was the very last version I paid for . While it would seem a perfect file manager application for a newbie , you come across with many small but annoying bugs when trying to use some of its advanced features . Several of these have been inherited from version to version . It has some substantial problem with caching , it can cause serious drops in performance in certain situations .
 I actually have PD8 and running on Win7-64 . Not long after I installed it , some functions quit working like Sync . Customer Support is lousy , their solution is Uninstall , Reinstall . Right , so every time part of Powerdesk quits working , I 'm going to have to Uninstall , Reinstall ? I do n't think so . They said some files might be corrupt , that is highly unlikely on the system that I have and everything else works perfectly . Only buy this if you absolutely need it and search around -LRB- via Google -RRB- to find it at lowest price . You can generally buy it for $ 10 - $ 20 less than list price.Overall not recommended .
 Ulead 's CD & DVD PictureShow Deluxe Version 3 is a cosmetic improvement over Version 2 . PictureShow 3 features a new simplified , straightforward interface ; adds Pan and Zoom motion effects , a nice set of matched visual and audio -LRB- instrumental -RRB- themes , and the ability to drop clipart on top of one 's pictures.PictureShow 3 's new interface divides the program into three distinct parts
 I got this in anticipation of using it with my iPhone . It has been a nightmare and Apple provides ZERO support . There are still thousands of people who have n't had email access for over 10 days and some have completely lost all their emails . This just goes to highlight that when things work , Apple is great but when it fails , they do n't care and WILL NOT respond .
 I Think dot mac is buggy , slow , small , and way too expensive . And most importantly , when it comes to a web app , It 's utterly unreliable . And for that , my friend , It is n't worth even the one star rating . Sorry . And I 'm a mac fan and user -LRB- Imac AND a Macbook -RRB- . But this just does n't work .
 This was found under the search for Apple . Mac Family PacK.It was not a family packIt was a disaster , we lost all our stored files , one of our family email accounts . And no one would fix the problem for six weeks .
 First off , Apple converts this to mobile.me -LRB- me.com rather than mac.com -RRB- when you go to activate it . Unfortunately they 've yet to get mobile.me stable , in fact I 've had to disable all the `` enhancements '' to get my iMac stable again . If you really want mobile.me this is a good price for it , but I ca n't envision why you would want this lemon .
 I am an apple developer and me and many of my friends have . mac.None of us have been able to get idisk syncing to work , after a few uses , it glitches up and you need to delete the local idisk and start again . After upgrading to 10.5 , this problem is even worse and the local idisk image takes up tons of space on your harddrive because of a glitch . If you were actually using it , you just lost all the local files that did n't upload yet.None of us can transfer a file larger than 4GB to or from an idisk.Transferring many small files is glacially slow . I have a 20mbit connection to the internet and it goes at about 56K speed . Each file that is created takes at least a few seconds to finish creating and syncing , so if you try to put thousands of small files ... good luck , I have left it syncing sometimes for days and it never finished.Syncing calendars and contacts works , but if you also sync to another device like an iphone or treo using isync , then it will get glitched up over time and then hope you made backups or you will spend hours deleting duplicate contacts from your address book -LRB- this happened to me twice so far since the iphone came out just a few months ago -RRB- . Perhaps the other users who reviewed this only use it about 5 minutes a year so they do n't run into these problems , but apple knows about them and has not fixed them . This is the reason . mac is not supported by applecare . The only way to get support for . mac is to submit a web form , where they just email you back generic responses with a huge list of things to try to get your stuff to unglitch . I tried them all and none of them worked for me . They amount to resetting everything , so by the time you put everything back you will end up back where you started.I am a huge apple fan and own 4 macs just in my home , and an iphone . I have to say . mac is the worst product apple has ever made - EVER . The iTV was a bad idea but at least it does what it is supposed to do . . MAC is a great idea , and , if i worked , I would recommend it highly , except I have had it for about 3 years , and with this latest version , its not any less glitchy . They just added more space to your idisk and started advertising how you can send up large files - but neglect to mention that you will never use up all that space because it will become glitchy long before that.Buddies of mine all use macs , and I have yet to meet a person that was able to fill the 10GB idisk . Not only is the connection so slow it would take forever to do it , but files get corrupted and you ca n't delete them , sot hey are stuck on there permanently , and apple refuses to reset your idisk if the permissions on it get corrupted -LRB- I have asked them to reset mine , and they do n't seem to have a way to do it -RRB- . There is something called jungledisk which is cheaper and works far better than idisk , and calendar and contacts syncing can also be done by third party sites cheaper and better -LRB- meaning much faster -RRB- . idisk is based off of a webdav technology , and I am astounded how apple managed to implement it so badly . Clearly , they have zero experience in web development . Their own web site looks nice but they did n't even have the sense to detect if someone has quicktime on their machine . And this is their homepage . I have never seen any other large companies main page have a huge X in the middle where a component failed to load on 90 % of computers out there -LRB- PCs -RRB- . I wonder if they bothered to test the site from a normal windows PC without their stuff pre-installed on it . Many users I know do n't know how to install quicktime anyway and the ones that do know would n't want to junk up their PC , they already have windows media player so whats the point ?
 I do n't really think . Mac is worth as much as it costs , but I 've had this email address since it was free and I do n't want to change it . I guess the increased amount of online storage will be useful for critical off site backups . At least I can renew for cheaper thanks to Amazon .
 Rather than being simple to use , this software is simplistic . It is extremely limiting in what the user is able to do.These are the features that need to be improved :1 . The software comes with 5 sheets of glossy paper to print the cards on . The paper itself has a nice feel to it , and the pictures look good on it . But it is difficult to align the cards up with the area alotted for it on the paper . There 's a learning curve to this , and I went through all five sheets to print out one card . As far as I can tell , the software prints out two copies of each card on each sheet . You can not just print out one card and save the other half of the sheet for another card . To get refills of this paper from the company is expensive , and still does not solve the problem of the same card printing out twice on each sheet . I would like to see how this works using glossy inkjet photopaper and then rubber cementing the front and back sides of the card .2 . Worse yet , the software limits you creatively . It has pre-printed fields for stats . If you do n't fill in the stats such as `` Position , '' `` Batting Avg . '' etc. , those words still print out on the card , whether you want them there or not . You can choose other formats with other pre-printed categories , but if you do n't want those either , you are out of luck . There is a miscellaneous category for type of card , but again , because of pre-printed fields such as `` Height , '' `` Age , '' and `` Weight , '' these are extremely limiting . What if you want to make your own trading card out of pictures you have made and make a deck of your own version of `` Pokemon '' cards or `` Magic '' cards ? You are extremely limited in your ability to pull off such a feat .3 . On each card , the Brand name `` Enteractive '' prints out . I think it would be better if you had the ability to print out your own Brand name for your line of cards . After all , do PowerPoint presentations have the Microsoft logo on each presentation ? Do Flash movies have the Macromedia logo on each movie ? 4 . I think it would be better if the software gave you simple choices to make , from scratch , such as the look of the border you want , and totally empty fields to type in whatever content you wish .5 . The ink on the card is not stable . Even after the ink has presumably dried on the card , I had smudging taking place on one of them . -LRB- This is after 15 minutes of not touching it , then handling it . -RRB- In conclusion , if this software were improved , it has the potential of being very useful and enjoyable , but as it exists right now , it limits your creativity to such an extent , that your satisfaction becomes limited also .
 It could be the worst software program I have every purchased.Finally after hours of work I printed the trading card . It 's not that its hard to use -LRB- very easy -RRB- , But has so many bugs in it I had to start over at least 6 times . It would not let me save the information as i went . So at various stages of the program i 'd get the dreded -LRB- this program has preformed an Illegal action -RRB- losing all the information and starting over over over over again . It is also very cheaply made . The developers might want to take up Bartending ... I emailed them to say i would be sending it back only after i broke it in half . . do n't want another consumer to re-purchase it . .
 Where do I begin ? The ability to create custom sports cards was something I was really looking forward to . I read previous reviews about the software . Mostly great , so I said `` why not ? `` Pros : This program was easy to install . Adding photos and stats are a sinch and it does indeed take about 5 minutes to create a card.The quality of the pictures were neat ! Now comes the fun part.Cons :1 . It took me nearly an hour -LRB- 8 test pages and 5 glossy paper pages -RRB- to callibrate the card to line up evenly when you print out your final product ! You have to manually adjust the settings in order to `` line up '' your card . And even after that , when you hit print , the image is still off-line ! I wish it had auto callibration .2 . The paper is soo expensive . I ordered the 100 sheets for $ 80 as a classroom expense which this was . Not to mention the amount of ink spent on callibrating the darn image to print straight ! 3 . The glitches . After creating several cards , I wanted to make some changes on cards I created say ... 10 minutes earlier . 8 out of 10 times the software did not recognize its own file ! `` This is not a valid cst file '' message appears . Very wrong and frustrating . And when it did recognize it , when I clicked `` edit stats '' on a saved card , all my stats were gone!I kid you not , my stats were converted to this : `` sjkdsakldhflak adjkfhalkdfhlak adkjfhalkdf adkjfhalkdf adskjfalskdf `` 4 . The restraints are that there is a custom link for football , baseball , basketball , soccer , and hockey . Great if you want to fill the stats out for the back of the card . I do not however , and there was no way to remove those categories from there . If you do not enter data , those categories still appear regardless.Now I coach youth volleyball and have 15 student cards to print out . It is no fun when you cant retrieve the files after working on them , saving them , and no longer being able to access it or retype everything.If anyone knows of any other type of custom trading card software that is realiable , easy to use , and recognizes its own files , please let me know !
 Not what I thought it was . Have not used it since I purchased it . Does n't seem to be able to be used with regular photo paper .
 This is only a software product . It does NOT include the paper needed to actually produce a bumper sticker . So , NOT everything you need to create a bumper sticker .
 I see so many people who brought it in 2003 or 2004 say it 's obsolete because they could n't download the internet lessons . Guess what , I brought it directly from The Learning Company when it came out in 2002 , and I could n't download any of the internet lesson since the beginning . I called technical support , they told me the internet courses will be available later , since the product is very new at the time I brought it . I waited and waited , the internet courses never available . The CD is too basic , and it does n't offer much . People should look else where for a better quality product than Learn to Speak English 8.1 .
 1 . This is an obsolete product . ALL of the optional downloads expired 2 YEARS AGO !!! So , you 'll have limited support .2 . The on-line help , FAQ and Knowledge base are totally worthless . Do n't even waste your time looking for help there .3 . Installation totally locks up a Windows 2000 system . My system was absolutely rock solid and stable until I installed this product . Installation totally locked up the system -- even the mouse did n't move . Be Ware ! 4 . There are no books or documentation of any kind with this product . If you want any help , you have to go to a web site or use the CDs . If the product kills your system as it did mine , you ca n't use either . There is no phone number for support .5 . Support is basically non-existant . If you ca n't figure out how to use the product or if something goes wrong or you get error messages , you are totally on your own to figure it out.If you 're technically astute , you can eventually get the product to work but expect to spend many hours in the process . Once you get it working , it looks like an OK package but it was n't an easy process here . Again , there is absolutely no where to go if you have a problem .
 I bought this product for my niece . This is for a beginnerwho just start learning english . I ca n't access the InternetLessons category from the CDs because all the files are nolonger existed and ca n't get help from technical supporteither since this is an obsolete product . Technical supportis terrible and such a waste of time - You are on your ownwith your problem !
 I was very excited when I purchased this software package for my wife - as was she - since we had heard such good things about it . But there is a bug that crashes the program on Windows XP . When we called tech support , we were told that this is a `` known problem '' . Unfortunately , there is no fix for it yet . So we are stuck with a program that we can not return .
 For one of the two reasons above this software will not serve most people . Since XP is the latest OS and most ELS students are abroad , these are major weaknesses . Look elsewhere . Do n't trust a product that fails on the basics . Even if you do n't have XP and do not live abroad .
 One thing I did not like at all with this product is that when it teaches beverages , it focuses on beer and coffee -LRB- or wine -RRB- . Why not teach juice or even soda ? Anyways , in the introductory lessons you see adults at the bar and drinking beer and when they ask about drinking , it 's `` wine '' or `` beer '' or `` coffee '' . -- they should not advertise for 12 and up with so much reference to drinking alcohol.Another thing is that it introduces a few phrases/words for vocabulary that are not common . For example
 I would like to buy the learning english package with 4 CDs but I can not because you will not ship outside the US . So how else can we access anything if your sales have restriction on boundaries!Please advise ASAP I am currently in Zambia and have the ability to pay for the product .
 This program looks very cool - speach recognition and everything . One small problem , it does n't seem to like XP . I launch the program and am immediately greeted with an error message telling me that it ca n't open the speach database needed . The Broderbund Tech support site is pretty much a joke as well - they do n't even let you submit a question .
 I just purchased both The Learning Channel 's `` Learn to Speak 8.1 '' and Transparent Language 's `` Spanish Now ! v9 . '' I can tell you , first hand , that TLC 's product is at least twice as good . I assumed that the higher priced -LRB- Spanish Now ! -RRB- of the two would be a better product . WRONG ! This software has a poor user interface , in addition , it does n't guide the user through the process of learning the language . Save your money and get TLC 's CD .
 The content is VERY disorganized and hard to use . I would recommend to buy other products .
 One of the poorest quality software products ever shipped . Did they test this before releasing it?The program routinely locks up , requiring you to restart your computer . Who knows what the program is like ... you ca n't even get it to run long enough to find out.Useless ... oh well , maybe I can use the CD for a small frisbee .
 Much to my dismay , I could not get this software to run on my system , Windows 98 SE . I tried a really clean install , but to no avail . I tried all the trouble shooting tips on the company 's website , and they did not get it to run either . All I get is that nasty `` illegal operation '' message . So , I 'm returning it .
 I bought this from another source , and so was less informed at the time about what this program works with -- I ca n't evaluate it for quality , but you 'll notice that Windows XP is not a listed operating system , and for good reason
 With other reviewers I agree that the nonexistent Internet portion of the program is deceptively advertised . Furthermore , on my copy , only some of the lessons have functioning video and audio clips , rendering the final conversation practice in each lesson inoperable too . You can still learn some vocabulary , and take the very simple grammar tests , but that 's all.On the whole , a very disappointing program . I do n't recommend it for buyers who expect to advance beyond the most basic level .
 Naive beginner that I was last year , I bought this program because it backed up to a genealogy website -LRB- GenCircles -RRB- , could be published when I was ready and Pearl Street assured the customer that tech help was there when needed . I found the program very user friendly , easy to use ; the rub was when I was ready to publish no amount of following upload directions to the letter , several times , would coax it into working . After several attempts , I emailed the help desk twice before receiving a ` no we have n't forgotten our customers/technical difficulties , etc ' - translated means ` no help ' . ` Got a computer savvy friend to help out ; he could n't do anymore than I had . Now I can not even open FTL and attempts to remove the unsuccessful uploads to GenCircles were unsuccessful , despite a message that pops up saying the files were successfully removed . I can not recommend this program , would strongly advise another , well-rated program such as Legacy , which will probably be my next choice . Buyer beware !
 Family Tree Legends made by Pearl Street Soltware is sending out e-mails offering their basic program for $ 14.95 . When you fill out the form their thank you for ordering page has a price of $ 69.95 . Repeated attempts to contact the company have been ignored . Would not trust this company
 I bought this product thinking it was an upgrade to a previous version , but it is clunky and hard to use . You can not move between family members easily and uploading to a website does n't give you choices on what to show and what not . Very impersonal , would not recommend .
 Many older software written for Windows 95/98 will work on Windows XP . This game will not , even after running the Compatability Wizard . I emailed Riverdeep.com , the support company for this game and they confirmed that it will not work .
 i was very disappointed with the great chase and think quick , the geeat chase is a repeat of where in time is carmen sandiego
 This 1999 Learning Company CD contained Spyware -LRB- DSSAGENT -RRB- that analyses your PC usage and sends to company servers . It also loads unwanted AOL software on your PC . It is a system hog and should be avoided .
 I bought this product for my Windows XP computer . It does n't work . Even their own web site says : Product
 Worse than worthless . NO phonetic pronunciation hints ! NO introductory slow pronunciations . How are we expected to learn French when starting with Lesson 1 on page 1 , the instruction book does not follow the CD ? Half of this program consists almost entirely of hundreds of random phases to remember . And these phrases are not the phrases a tourist would ask but rather the phrases a Frenchman would give in response to a question a tourist might ask . We are taught `` Tu veux boire quelque chose ? '' -LRB- Would you like something to drink ? -RRB- , but we are not taught the phrase for `` I would like something to drink . '' . . . Where are we supposed to learn how to ask common questions ? The remaining half of the book appears to be randomly slapped together grammar quizzes , e.g. , what are sixteen Past Participles of Regular Verbs?Learn French ? Not with this program .
 This program was extremely frustrating to use . I found the voice recognition cool until I realized that if I said something that sounded even similar to the word I was supposed to be speaking . it would be `` recognized '' . The online portion of the program where you are supposed to be able to set up study programs , etc. , would n't work . The website would only load intermittently . This program does not save your work , so after spending 45 minutes going through a lesson and accidentally hitting the `` back '' key , it was as though I had never done the lesson . I could n't get back to where I was . I was very unimpressed with this software . There is also no real `` guide '' to speak of . No handbook on the software , just an outline in the program that does n't really answer questions . I spent several hours trying to figure this thing out and got nowhere , and I spend my day working on computers . Definitely not recommended !
 This would have been a wonderful product if it could be installed on my computer . I have tried to install it using Windows 2000 and Windows 98 . Neither system would accept it . When I called the company , they said that they knew about the problem and were working on it ... to check back at their web site periodically for an update . That was over a year ago . There have been no updates and I basically wasted my money .
 Virtually worthless . NO phonetic pronunciation hints ! NO introductory slow pronunciations . How are we expected to learn French when starting with Lesson 1 on page 1 , the instruction book does not follow the CD ? Half of this program consists almost entirely of hundreds of random phases to remember . And these phrases are not the phrases a tourist would ask but rather the phrases a Frenchman would give in response to a question a tourist might ask . We are taught `` Tu veux boire quelque chose ? '' -LRB- Would you like something to drink ? -RRB- , but we are not taught the phrase for `` I would like something to drink . '' . . . Where are we supposed to learn how to ask common questions ? The remaining half of the book appears to be randomly slapped together grammar quizzes , e.g. , what are sixteen Past Participles of Regular Verbs?Learn French ? Not with this program .
 I bought this to use on my mac computer but it will not work on it . It was listed here to be used on either mac or windows but on the box it says only for windows and will not install . No help on their web sight and no help from the seller .
 I have tried installing this on Windows 98 on 3 different computers , and on Windows 2000 on 2 different systems . It has never ever worked . I have reviewed the learning co website without any luck . This has been a very big waste of money .
 I 'm fourteen years old and on my second year of french . This program is n't so great . 1 . all of the learning is through speaking and repeating words . 2 . there are n't any games that make it fun to learn . 3 . it 's kind of confusing . I would n't recommend it to kids at all . It might be okay if you only learn through speaking . It would be better if it had more options .
 CAUTION
 I bought this disk as part of a package that has Rainy Day Activities as well . -LSB- The Rainy Day disk is fantastic by-the-way ! -RSB- This disk however refuses to work properly . When you back out of an activity it backs you out of the program entirely . -LRB- I guess I should be gratified that it does n't crash my PC . -RRB- It does this both in the Mac and PC environments.Why others have not had this problem , I do n't know . ALL I want to really say is that it looks like it might be fun , but that there appears to be some sort of ` pointer ' problem that keeps it from being able to maintain playing continuity . FINALLY , there is NO software support from this company to fall back on . They no longer support it , if they ever did . Good luck .
 I also had the same problem as the previous conumer . When we click to go back it returns to the start - maybe an operating system problem ? We are running Windows XP .
 I am also having problems with it returning to start . We are running Windows XP . Any one have any suggestions on how to fix it . it seems like a really good game if it worked .
 This product has the potential for excellence . However there are several features through out the CD which were unavailable . For example , the on-line lessons did not exist . When I called the technical support . I was told they did not know when they would be available.Some features are very good however . The dictionary is worth the price of the software . And the book is excellent . It is the actual lessons , the lack of clear information , how to use the features which is so disappointing . I would not re-buy this product.DD
 This has a good text book and a pretty good listening to phrases CD . But the PC CD 's do n't allways work and in fact I had some trouble trying to reload after some problems that crashed my system . In fact it has never worked since . So I am unhappy with this product because it has been mostly user unfriendly and a waste of time and money for me ... David G
 This product got one star only because it contains functions that I need and can use . With that said , this product installs a lot of junk that I do n't need and you ca n't uncouple it from the installation . I do n't need to open up my computer so everyone can access it . Like Microsoft , it installs all the useless self serving things that just compromise your system . If you want to open up your pc to the world , and wants to make use of your dvd writing capabilities , this is an ok product to use . However , I would not recommend this product even if my life is depend on it . I will fine another product to do dvd/cd authoring soon .
 Had to get a patch from Roxio just to install it . Many features do n't seem to work with windows vista , poor customer support , I am rather dissappointed because I liked the creator 8 suite on my windows XP . Creator 9 has me tearing my hair out .
 My experience with this product rivals that of the other reviewers . So I 'll not repeat what has already been said . Although I 'm good at following directions and seldom have problems with software installation , seldom do I encounter such problems as I have suffered with this product on both an XP and Windows 32 bit systems . My latest adventures with this buggy creation of bad software prompted me to E-Mail an inquiry to their badly-misnamed `` support '' department . Their reply was totally useless . Good Luck ?
 cute story , but be forewarned . if you do n't mind hearing the F word about 30 + times in a movie - than this movie is for you . it 's a great story and i love the actors in it - but ... a bit much - serious - it was a LOT . i wish someone would have warned me ... so - there you go !
 just could not get through this story . Boring and it just did not make sense
 Could n't finish it . Just awful in so many ways . The story makes no sense , the dialog is beyond wooden . And could Ed please stop casting himself or take acting and voice lessons?A painful film .
 Loving Ed Burns movies the way that I do I expected more from this movie and I was greatly dissappointed . I loved `` Looking For Kitty '' and about the only thing that this movie has in common with that one is the music -LRB- which is very , very good -RRB- . Everything else is rather boring and Debra Messing looked like a thoroughbred that was being tethered to a bad script . There was hardly any room for her great comedic timing and Selma Blair was like watching paint dry . So wrong for the part . I couldnt believe that she read a book let alone could possibly write one . Patrick Wilson was also not served well by the script and Donal Logue did the best he could with a minimal part . Loved the British accent and was quite surpised at how well he executed it given that he always plays burly , `` New Yawk '' city toughs . All in all , for me , it 's an okay movie to catch on cable -LRB- like I did -RRB- but I would n't really advise buying it unless you absolutely just have to have another Ed Burns film .
 If you like films in which some of the main characters seem depressed and on the edge of falling apart most of the time , you will probably like this movie . it 's very watcheable and the characters are interesting in some ways , but for me , the whole thing lacked a bit of zip . It seems to dwell terribly heavily on things like the inability of people to forgive and move on , the inability of the writers to get back to what works for them , and the inability of people to be happy . Things sort of work out in the end , but it 's a bit heavy and depressing getting there .
 I was rooting for this but I ca n't get behind it . The characters are just cardboard cutouts and their is no point to the story . I know it 's a Hollywood tradition to depict New Yorkers as living charmed lives , but none of this rang true and it does n't even qualify as charming . I think Ed Burns needs to come down out of his penthouse and remind himself how real people live and love .
 The acting was stellar , and the casting is what enticed me to buy it . The male actors are HOT , HOT , HOT mofo 's ! I think the film visually had an attraction for me also . BUT . I wanted more depth and meaning in the characters and story . The character dialogue was shallow , and the story just kinda moved along without really letting you in on any real revelation . This movie had potential though . I think that if the director had spent a longer time on the actors ' expressions and improvised acting , perhaps he could have done something different with the film . To tell you the truth , the film felt kinda empty . And , well , I like feeling empty sometimes .
 I just now finished viewing this film and first of all I have to admit that although being repulsed by the straw man sort of character created for the part of the husband , I remained curious enough to watch it through . A chick flick that employs characters of upscale New York yuppie and artist types entertwangled ... I guess I 'm supposed to believe that these sorts actually exist outside romantic comedy films . Whatever , I guess if you say so , my only visits were as a child or brief waits for connecting flights so I am unqualified to say who should be how there . However , the hand picked throw away husband I know is totally dishonest in New York or anywhere ! I ca n't even squint back the nine years they were supposedly wed to envision a man that our lovely wife writer character ever would have even dated much less married ! Trust me I am not hazarding this opinion based on his physical appearance , I gave up long ago trying to understand what women will find as attractive in men but I do know absolutelytootly that these two would never happen ... well unlessA . it was somewhere with arranged marriage or B. she was a gal with some really deep seated head case issues ... which obviously she is neither . I believe the writer -LRB- s -RRB- of this screenplay felt somehow forced into such a severe `` straw man '' sort of match up constructed simply to be worthy of disposal . Neccessary today because of societies hearty desire to return the marriage institution to something again sacred . I see much disapproval lately of tossing a marriage under the bus mostly to make room for the better model . So here I see this as a lame attempt for this to somehow work for majority audience approval , But any chance at that requires a disposable spouse to be something so wrong ... like a child molester or wife beater etc but those sorts would distract horribly from a light humor infused romance film . So in my humble opinion the husband character chosen was the clumsy error that crippled this movie right off the starting block . Take it or leave it but I say we all know in heart of hearts that marriage is a sacred thing , worthy of saving , worthy of sacrifice and not something to toss under the bus for convenience sake -LRB- or any sake in my thinking `` what God hath joined together let man not put usunder ... '' etc -RRB- Trying wrangle maneuvers to coax audience into relaxing morality is thankfully still a neat trick even in this late hour of man 's history , too bad some extra thought was not invested in writing that might have avoided the issue from the start which could have done away with the completely unbelievable husband match up right from the start ... I feel for the actress trying to convince us that she is against breaking it off with hubby . With something morally acceptable and believeable this film could easily have gained the momentum to be a 4 or 5 star chick flick -LRB- which is one anyone will enjoy seeing even over and over again -RRB- ... but sadly ... NOT
 I want Ed Burns to continue to succeed as a director . I grew up in the town next to him , also had a police officer for a dad , went to Mets games , too , and so I LOVE how he loves Long Island and NYC . Like Woody Allen , his movies strive to capture that elusive atmosphere that shows you what it is that is so wonderful about NYC.Part of what is great about NYC are its ' people , straight-talking , no BS , sometimes bordering on rude and crazy , but wonderful and unique , and missed whenever you leave the place . I think that is what Mr. Burns is trying to show with his character movies -LRB- Brothers McMullen , She 's the One -RRB- , but this one did n't work . I thought Selma Blair was awful , Debra Messing was under-utilized and the best of the crew , and the other actors were mediocre at best . Ed Burns ' character was real , but flat . This movie could have been saved by great acting , or , as Woody Allen knows , some comedy thrown in.I wish him success with his next movie because he is a ballsy NY-er who is n't afraid to go for it .
 I have a dual boot system , Windows XP and Vista , I wanted to replace my hard drive with a larger one and thought this looked like a good tool to do it but it would not work . I tried again and again but it would not work in any mode to make a transfer.I finally gave up on this software after hours of trying to do something with it.I did find that the back-up included in Windows Vista worked great and I transfered everything from 2 partitions -LRB- XP and Vista -RRB- all settings and files to the new larger drive in about an hour , the software in my Vista Ultimate worked wonderful . I wish I would have saved the money I spent on Copy Commander 9.0 as it did absolutely nothing for me !
 Copy Commander is horrible software and poorly documented ! It wrecked both my primary and backup hard drives !
 Hard to install , enormous drain on system resources , key features never unlocked , hard to uninstall . Avoid this app .
 I purchased this product because I was informed that it is the best on the market . If this is the best on the market I am very disappointed . I have everything the program needs to run correctly and efficiently and yet it does n't . In the last 2-3 weeks I have upgraded everything in my computer to more memory , faster and bigger video card , etc. . Still have very frustrating issues with this product . In reading the Roxio Community Support web page I can see I am not the only person that has numerous problems with this program . This program in fact has convinced me to buy a MAC computer who I know has a program that is way more user friendly , efficient and works properly . As a lot of people have stated Roxio 's technical support is horrible . All they do is refer you to their website help or the Video Wave Help Center which hardly has the answers to any of the problems I encountered . I would not reccommend this product to anyone . I am so glad I found it on Amazon for $ 30 , so it was a waste but not a huge waste of my money .
 I 've tried all of the installation methods listed at Roxio 's website . Not only will Roxio EMC 9 not install properly and run , it disabled my PC from starting Windows XP . I had to revert to he last known good configuration to recover from the disaster of the EMC 9 installation.If I had the time and money , I would file a class-action lawsuit against Roxio .
 I used Easy CD Creator 5 for sometime . Not too many problems except the version I had on the CD would cause XP to crash the next time I re-booted . But after fixing that I found it to be a decent product and more intuitive to use than some other burning type sw such as Nero . Anyhow I too decided to actually buy a legal copy and get the latest version and all - wrong choice ! Just for starters , I can no longer use Real Audio or WMP to watch licensed videos . I have to use the crappy viewer Roxio supplied . Somehow Roxio caused a conflict with these other apps . I did some searching and people said the problem remains after they unistalled EZC9 . And by the way , the dvd sw tool they supply is real slow to get going . My monitor goes blank for several seconds before finally kicking in with these real ugly controls to click to get going . And this is afterit wants to register every time I use it too . It tries to contact their server etc. . Even after you register it keeps asking you to register before you use it . There have been other issues as well , but I think the person who said this product is `` Quantity not Quality '' is correct . Save yourself the headache .
 Nothing in Creator Suite 9 works properly , it slowed my videos in my external drive and system , you cant watch them like normaly everything is slow motion sounds like one of those horror movies . You can create some amazing dvd videos in the software program but when it comes time to burn a dvd , the system hangs up , Ive even left the system on overnight thinking that it should be completed but it was still hung up the next morning . After many trips to Geek Squad , and they actually helped me uninstall and reinstall correctly , Im finally giving up on this software , will be unintalling tonight and more then likely the thing will still be in my system one way or another like another person indicated . The guys giving 4 to 5 stars I commend you or your lying and work for Roxio but this thing does not work!I also got the deluxe version with the A/V input this thing couldnt even install without a file missing that geek squad had to search find and install in my system.Do not buy this software . It is a waste of money .
 I have been using Sonic Mydvd and Roxio CD creator 5 for years and made successful dvd 's for years . Sonic Mydvd 4 recognised my dual layer dvd burner but was slow at creating the DVD images . Easy Media Creator 9 crashes with unknown media errors and defaults my Dual layer burner back to 4.7 gig settings automatically . I am going back to Version 4 of Sonic MyDVD , it at least works .
 First , Roxio should make it clear that this suite of applications does not handle photo raw data . You have read through everything advertised to find that this feature is missing.The slide show has to be the worst . I still can not find out how to do a full view . If you need to make a change you have to reload all the pictures again - this is the software doing this and it takes a lot of time . You can not just jump from running you slide show to making a modification.Very dissappointed with the product . The software I received with my Olympus Camera works better.Overall , the program is slow and has caused my laptop -LRB- which is new -RRB- to freeze and which causes me to have to go through a restore because after rebooting I am forced to run in safe mode .
 This would be a powerful tool if it worked . I 'm trying to run it on a Sony VAIO -LRB- Windows XP , 3 gig processor , 2 gig of ram , 250 gig hard drive -RRB- , but the product just does n't work . It crashes and hangs constantly , and is so full of bugs it could keep two software firms ' QA depts busy for a decade . The simple copy and burn functions seem ok , but I bought it specifically to edit and produce uncopyrighted video for my classrooms . Besides the constant hangs and shut-downs , it often separates out of sync the sound from the video images . The documentation -LRB- both in the package and on line -RRB- and support is horrendously bad . The web site does n't address any of the problems you 'll have , and the e-mail `` help '' people , after a long exchange , are clearly tap dancing around something they know is useless -- one suggestion after another that has no effect whatsoever . Talk to someone on the phone ? That will cost you $ 35 . I 've wasted over a month of my leisure time trying to make this work , to no avail . The guys saying nice things about the product in these pages MUST be plants . Shame on the management for releasing this so long before it was really done . Sign me up for the class action lawsuit . Do n't buy it !
 I 'm looking right at my original box , my original disk and my original CD with the CD Key sticker still on it . But the Roxio website wo n't let me download the product upgrade because it says the CD key is invalid . I called the customer service number and was told that customer service by phone is only available for downloaded purchases.Do not waste your time buying Roxio . If you do and you expect any service you might do better to download the product . If you buy the retail version they refuse to acknowledge you at all . Roxio used to make a nice product . Too bad . Roxio would do well to read all of the negative comments posted here and make some changes for the better .
 Well , Roxio is n't all bad , I got Creator Classic and Xingtone to work . However , I need to do a rush job on a slide show in Videowave and it never was very difficult but the new Videowave is so buggy that it is basically unusable . Replacing a transition will crash the program as will the undo command on some occasions . Swapping slides side by side will leave a blank panel with no transition and trying to get a transition in there will crash the program . It has hidden one of my slides behind a transition so I ca n't see it in the timeline . And the updated drag to disk is flaky and unreliable . STAY AWAY FOR NOW.I have a Dell XPS410 2 MB RAM running Vista 500 GB hard disk .
 I tried this software and every time I tried to burn data to a cd , it always formated the disk for 40-54 minutes . I have Nero home basics , which came with my new DVD burner , and it never tried to format any cd !! I tried the Nero after I got the Roxio . Maybe its me not knowing enough about the software but I uninstalled it .
 I started with version 7 , and it worked really well with my old computer ... an 800mHz Asus system . It convinced me that THIS was THE program . I created a number of great DVD 's , simply and effortlessly . Upgraded to 7.5 , and the danged thing started really giving me grief ... crashed every time I used the video editing module . I figured it must be my system ... so I updated my motherboard , CPU to 3500 + AMD , faster memory ... the works . No improvement . The tech I usually go to for fixing my systems said he hated Roxio , but I did n't believe him . I updated to Version 9 , with great hopes . Same problems ! Upgraded to 4800 + dual-core CPU , Asus Premium motherboard and even more memory -LRB- 2 gigs now -RRB- , and still no improvement . I can not create anything without crashing . Frustrating !!! After a wonderful start , and showing great potential , Roxio EMC has proven , I fear , to be a totally unusable piece of code . It creates to a point , then dies ... over and over and over . I am patient , determined and dedicated , but Roxio EMC has finally beaten me . I had purchased Nero even before I had EMC as well , and also Pinnicle after I had problems . They are not as `` slick '' as Roxio EMC when it does work , but they are actually are usable . I have now purchased Adobe Premier 3 and I will see what it does . I am hopeful . Until Roxio fixes EMC , I will , sadly , have to put it aside . I really hate to do so because it was a wonderful bit of work at one time , and worked better than the rest . But no more!The person who showed me Roxio EMC used to love it too ... and now can not use it with her laptop , for it takes forever to render , and then hangs up much too frequently . It does not work in her husbands desktop either . She has to use something else now too to create DVD 's . We were both believers in Roxio , but no more.Save yourself frustration , disappointment and endless rebooting . Stay away from Roxio EMC 7.5 , 8 and especially 9 until they fix the danged thing and make it dependable once again . Purchasers of programs deserve better than this ! And the other reviewers are right ... Roxio 's customer service really is horrible . No responses to any of my 6 or more emails .
 I have owned a series of Roxio products in hopes that the bugs would be eliminated . No such luck with version 9 . I am reluctant to switch DVD programs because of the steep learning curve , but this vesion has pushed me over the edge . Not only is it slow , and frequently locks up , and produces unusable DVDs , but it also trashes the project files . So not only does it fail to create a usable DVD , it also corrupts all the edits , menus , and other settings that required hours of tedius work . Extremely frustrating . A hundred bucks down the drain , but at least this is the last time .
 I have the same experience like Mr. Martinez-Ybor . I am planning on returning the item to the seller.Read : I. Martinez-Ybor `` Ignacio Mart&iacute;nez - Ybor '' -LRB- Miami , FL USA -RRB- - See all my reviewsI am an experienced PC user . Never , absolutely never , in all the many years of working with different sorts of programs , have I run into so many bugs , malfunctions , inexplicable freezes , as I have with Roxio Easy Media Creator 9 . When it works , it 's great . But it is so fragile that it keeps crashing , freezing , overrunning buffers , etc. . I have never had to re-install a program as many times as I have had this one , in over twenty years of using PC 's . It 's mind-boggling that this product could make it to market . Their on-line support is virtually non-existent
 roxie support does exist , but it 's hard to get to ; phone support is long waits , but helpful when you get it . still waiting on 2 e-mails sent to support 10 days ago . The little i have been able to use the product , it was easy to use and productive .
 What a mess!When I first installed Creator 9 , I kept getting the message
 This new Creator version 9 has all the feel and faults of patchwork . Like many users , I 'm unhappy with how slow it is . I could live with that , but it freezes when making videos -LRB- some other places too , but I mostly do video -RRB- . There is NO HELP from Roxio . You are really on your own . They are not a customer focused company . The installation is sloppy and the uninstall is worse.Having said all that , it would be a good program if it just worked as advertised ...
 This program will not open . m2v files . These type files worked fine in MyDVD . I am going back to MyDVD . I just wanted to author DVDs with files imported from my Canopus edit suite as usual , and have been thoroughly frustrated by the whole situation . Where did I go wrong . Roxio customer support is non-existent . The automated help will only waste your time and the FAQ help on the website does not address the problem . So far this has been a $ 100 rip-off .
 My Windows Vista PC was working flawlessly until one day , when I decided to purchase and install Roxio 's Easy Media Creator 9 Suite . The nightmare began just after the re-boot after the lengthy installation . First up was an error message telling me that some program graphic was installed but could not be loaded . Then came the endless error messages asking me to insert the program CD for files that were not found . Hmmm . I complied with the Roxio god but to no avail . The error messages kept coming as the program kept telling me that it was STILL installing features.When I finally got through the myriad of errors , the main screen appeared . Success ! Was I out of the woods ? Hell no . Just a simple click of one of the features -LRB- Copy CD -RRB- brought Roxio Hell back into my life - with yet more error messages ... `` Error Runtime this ... Error Runtime that ... '' After almost and hour of pulling my hair out I decided to uninstall this software from hell , and even that took a good 20 minutes.Note to self -LRB- and to YOU reading this -RRB-
 Some features of this product may work . Some definitely do not.You should be aware that you are buying this product AS IS.THERE IS NO TECHNICAL SUPPORT.If you try to contact Roxio at their web-site 's `` Web self-service '' you will be told you 'll receive an e-mail telling you how . The e-mail will never come.If you call them , you will be put on hold indefinitely.If you attempt to contact a technician using their `` web chat '' you will be told you are 3rd , then 2nd , then 1st in the queue . Then you will be told that no technician is available.I strongly recomment that you purchase this product on your credit card so that you can dispute the charge if you find the product unsatisfactory .
 Be aware that if you purchase this product and have problems support from Roxio is almost non-existent . Support comes in two forms , 1 -RRB- knowledge base where you can also enter a question with a response time days to weeks after you request a response . 2 -RRB- paid assistance , which will quickly cost more than the product . Initially my install functioned correctly . Then if ceased to work indicating that a codec required authorization . However I was unable to ever get it to authorize . They advertize a 30 day money back guarantee , but having requested this , I advise that they have failed to respond to me and it 's been more than a month . As it turns out I see many individuals in the Roxio forums with the same problem I have . I bought this software to produce a product , not to have an `` adventure '' .
 If you can avoid it , do not buy this product -LRB- or apparently any other Roxio Creator after version 7.5 -RRB- . `` Bloatware '' is a kind description of this software suite . Just because a program has many great sounding features does not mean that they will all function properly , or that any of the features will work for longer than 6 months . In retrospect , similar to most Roxio Creator programs , this software never worked at 100 % capacity . Roxio also apparently does not design their software for longevity -LRB- and by this I mean working for a year or more -RRB- . Easy Media Creator 9 , as well as the newer Creators 2009 and 2010 , do not continue to work properly as your computer system changes with necessary updates or patches -LRB- e.g. to Windows , java , Internet Explorer , Windows Media player , etc. -RRB- or with the installation of other programs on your computer -LRB- e.g. virus protection , firewall , etc. -RRB- . Roxio may actually work right when you install it , but then it slowly stops functiong over time.I bought this software in 2007 to replace Easy Media Creator 7.5 , and I then had to re-install about every 4-6 months due to various errors and components hanging up and crashing my entire system . Note that I have had the exact same problems with EMC-9 on my three different personal computers in the last two years ; all three computers have different configurations and system parameters . Until recently , these re-installs seemed to fix the problems temporarily . However , beginning in 2009 , the program became useless . I mainly used this software to edit personal photos and short video clips from my Canon Digital Elph . I was lucky to be able to create and burn two DVD projects without too much trouble , and was then never able to create a dvd again . At times the software would let me create an entire dvd project , but then would not burn the disc . Ever.In 2009 , I began to get Runtime Error!s and - pure virtual call R6025 errors when trying to add media in VideoWave and also when trying to save a picture in PhotoSuite . After each error appeared , Roxio would then close and was therefore rendered permanently useless . I then followed all of the Roxio technical support listed suggestions and even Roxio forum advice for solving these problems -LRB- revert to Internet Explorer 7 , disable DirectX acceleration in Windows Media Player , use registry fix , enable all Roxio components in msconfig ... and on and on . . -RRB- . All Roxio 's tech support suggestions then end with the same thing
 I 've had Roxio products from 4.0 through 9.0 . I always upgraded -LRB- in the past -RRB- because of old version problems , hoping a newer version would work better -LRB- it did n't -RRB- . Easy Media Creator 9.0 is the worst of the lot . Once you buy a Roxio product , you can forget about any help when it does n't work . Search the net for free burning programs , they are out there . I doubt if Roxio will be around in a few years , due to NO TECH SUPPORT for products that do not perform as they should . I 'll never buy from Roxio again , Do n't take my word for Rioxio products , check out all the reviews . very few people are happy.Roxio Easy Media Creator Suite 10
 I have used versions 8 & 9 . There has to be something better . It wo n't run on Vista without a delete and reinstall . Making a slide show is a pain .
 -LRB- Dell 8300 running Windows XP Professional -RRB- This is the third version of Roxio EMC I have owned , and I would like to say that I like it , but I ca n't even get it to work !! Since I was running a prior version on my system , I decided to let the installer handle making sure there were no conflicts with the new EMC and my installed one.BIG MISTAKE !! The EMC V9 .1 installer says that it installed properly , but when I go to run ANY of the Roxio applications installed , NOTHING HAPPENS.So I went to the Roxio website and discover that there is NO TECHNICAL SUPPORT LINE SERVICE provided with the tool !! Instead of having technical staff assist with your problems , you can either choose an automated system -LRB- `` RoxAnn '' ??? Give me a break ! -RRB- or their user community -LRB- imagine - letting your own customers be your technical support system ! -RRB- . Of course you can pay through the nose for a per-minute fee to have someone troubleshoot your system . This seems ludicrous for a product that retails at this price!So I decided to chat with RoxAnn and typed `` Installation Problems . '' I was immediately sent to a detailed description for how to completely remove all Roxio and Sonic applications from my system . Apparently , having any existing Roxio software installed is a major NO-NO . -LRB- Hmmmmm . I wonder why the entire installation instructions in the user 's manual is half a page ???? -RRB- After 3 hours of stepping laboriously through the steps -LRB- including downloading another Microsoft application -RRB- , I was able to completely remove all the Roxio and Sonic software . -LRB- Since you ca n't just run the `` Remove software '' option from the Windows OS or click an `` uninstall '' option from the programs list , I assume Roxio does n't want you to ever remove this product ! -RRB- SO , back to installation !! Another long installation process -LRB- which again shows successful -RRB- , and guess what ? It would n't run . I went to the Windows task manager and sure enough , found Roxio EMC running . It just is `` invisible '' to me.I have attempted 3 times to uninstall and reinstall this program on my system , and still NONE OF THE APPLICATIONS WILL RUN . I have even attempted to boot Windows with no background applications running and even have run Norton Systemworks to check for any problems . STILL nothing . Of course the installer tells me that the installation was successful!What makes it even worse is that I had to remove my old version so now I am out the $ 69 I paid for this non-working product , unable to use my previous version -LRB- which was buggy anyway -RRB- , AND with no alternative but to throw away the software or pay $ 20-30 to have them tell me what I am doing wrong.BOTTOM LINE
 Under no circumstances should you purchase this product . It stopped working on my computer and when I reinstalled it , the product would not launch . In fact the icon on the desktop became non-functional after the required reboot . This product is flawed .
 I 've been using Roxio from before the Version 5 days and up until Version 9 each was better than the last . I ca n't speak for Version 8 though because I never upgraded to it . In my opinion this is a sloppy programmed piece of Junk , and I 'm now back to using my old Version 7 . It totally screwed up my file associations and messed up my media player , made it impossible for me to play my DVD 's , and I wound up finally just reinstalling my XP operating system after becoming frustrated trying to repair the damage this software did to my computer . I 'm a computer professional and not a novice . I 've been working on systems and software since the early 80 's , and in my opinion , people should steer clear of this software until they finally repair all the bugs .
 As a software professional and previous Roxio 5 user , I had looked forward to upgrading Roxio Easy Media Creator Suite 9 . A huge mistake . Despite several attempts to get the software to load and run correctly I kept receiving spurious & intermittent `` Buffer Overrun Detected '' error messages . A review of Roxio 's Support website revealed that many people have had this error starting in September 2006 . In fact , Roxio issued a patch on 1/5/07 -LRB- ID Number
 I was going to buy this software from Amazon . I put it in my shopping cart and the next day when I went to purchase it I had found tha Amazon had raised the price from $ 65 to $ 80 overnight without warning . I am still going to purchase this software , but not from amazon .
 It is hard to descibe how frustrated I am with this product . One would think that a `` suite '' with all the bells and whisles could perform a simple task like copying a CD without a problem . Not so . My system freezes every time . I upgraded from the free version 6 that came with my computer . Never had a problem with the free version . Also if you want to print CD labels , the old version used to list the various label manufacturers so that made setting up the correct alignment for printing was easy . Not so with the `` new and improved '' version . Roxio support page is a joke . Do n't bother with the `` Ask Roxanne '' help section , you 'll have better luck asking the question to your dog . Of course , you could look at the manual under `` troubleshooting '' or `` support '' . Let me know if you find it . it 's not in mine . This product is far too floated for it 's own good .
 I used earlier versions of this software for years , and have been very satisfied in the past . This latest version however is not yet mature . It 's buggy , it crashes , it does n't do what I bought it for . I 'm having all kind of aspect ratio issues with converting videos for the iPod format , and general format errors when saving video in mpeg-4 format , those files are not even opening up . The DVD authoring software also hangs or crashes . So overall I 'm extremely disappointed , and agree with a previous reviewer
 This software has so many bugs I ca n't count them all . After four wasted hours and a half dozen destroyed DVD 's I give up . Roxio has one of the worst support systems too . You can not contact a live tech . You have to depend on other users who have found workarounds to get any kind of help . I would not recommed this program to anyone that is a novice . A total waste of money and as usual it adds more problems than it fixes .
 Dubs CDs OK , but nothing else seems to work correctly on Vista , including DVD creation -LRB- no audio -- nice ! -RRB- and conversion of FLAC files to audio CDs -LRB- thanks for all the new coasters , Roxio ! -RRB- . Delay after delay on the patches , too . Avoid this disaster !
 I had hoped to use this software to make slide shows on DVDs . No luck -- the software crashed every time I tried to do anything with my photos . I pursued several different suggestions from the users ' forum on the Roxio website , but nothing worked . I have a fast one-year old Dell with 1 GB memory , running XP , so hardware should not have been a problem.The only success I have had with Roxio is burning backup data disks . That hardly justifies spending about $ 70 .
 I used an older version of CD Creator to backup my photos on a Windows 98 computer . Those CD 's burned on the Windows 98 computer will not open on a XP computer . A message comes up that the data is corrupted.Roxio does not offer and refused to offer me their own solution that will allow me to open CD 's that previous versions of their software wrote on a Windows 98 computer . They claim that it is a system software problem and not theirs . Had they chose to have their older software write data instead of packets it might be readable.When I asked Roxio if there software is backwards compatible , this is what they said ; `` Rebecca
 Roxio came preinstalled on my HP PC running Vista.I think the DVD portion works , BUTthe cd to MP3 convert Audio program will not even load.It worked once , but now it will not load hangs up
 Added later - After reimaging the computer I tried to install . It did install . But now every now and then its updater wakes up and asks to insert DVD . So annoying.Also the hodge podge collection of programs do n't work together . === I am cursing the moment when I succombed to the impulse buying and bought Easy Media Creator 9 . Everything was fine . My computer was working nicely . It was HP Windows XP Media Center Edition with 2 GB RAM and a lot of hard disk.But then I had this idea of buying EMC9 . Installed it on my computer . After that the computer wo n't boot . That is my family computer which everyone uses . Now we are stuck.It is Sunday , so no hope for any tech support . Also , I wo n't shell out $ 35 for a phone support . I hope they stand behind their product and support it for free for hapless victims line me whose computer is dead after installing their product.We will see it tomorrow . Wish me luck . This will also be a test of this company 's credibility . I sincerely hope they help me and EMC9 does n't end up my last product from this company .
 Let me begin by mentioning that I am a software developer myself . It 's what I do for a living . I understand perfectly how the whole process works.Roxio 's canned answer for EVERY problem I have had can be summed up in three words
 I literally can not go for more than a couple of minutes without this software crashing - doing very simpler operations such as burning 2 short songs to a CD . It often just crashes when the program starts , even before I do an operation . Hard to imagine worse software than this.Additionally , it `` burns '' DVDs , no error message , yet no data is written to the disk . Somedays it works , somedays it does n't . There must be a better alternative .
 The software will not burn DVDs . I am able to capture and edit video -LRB- with some difficulty -RRB- but when I try to burn a DVD , the encoding process freezes - and that 's as far as it goes.I have spent countless hours on the phone and online with Roxio Support . They have run me in circles without any progress . I have a new , powerful computer -LRB- dual core processor , 2G RAM , etc -RRB- so my computer is not the problem . I sent my computer 's dxdiag details to Roxio and they agree that my computer exceeds requirements.Following the direction of Roxio support , I have performed a clean install , updated the firmware for my DVD drive , updated the driver for my video card , and downloaded a patch for the roxio record engine . I 've done several other things I ca n't remember.I asked Roxio for a refund , but they refused.I have wasted too much time on this product . This review is the last effort I 'm investing in it.My recommendation
 Installed 9.0 on a brand new Dell laptop . The CD drive immediately stopped working . Reloaded Windows XP to correct problem . Reinstalled 9.0 , lost CD drive again . Uninstalled Roxio , drive works.This is , unfortunately , the abridged version of a problem that took several weekends to diagnose and treat .
 Let 's see , in the past year we 've gone from 7 to 7.5 to 8 to 9 . NEVER in the history of software has a company shown more GREED that this one . Instead of patches , or inexpensive upgraded to its customers who paid full price for the previous owners , Roxio has chosen to rip them off as much as possible , immediately ceasing support for the older versions and charging high prices for the new . This is a new level of greed and I worry if people are dumb enough to support it , it may proliferate . Do n't support this pathetic company . What happens next ? Version 10 comes out next week ? Stop supporting Roxio 's shareholders and avoid this product . tell them NO to the big ripoff
 When I installed the two -LRB- 2 -RRB- REMC9 discs , I had no clue as to what a nightmare I would have . When I received a Windows Installer error message I could n't fix , I contacted Microsoft techs . After numereous -LRB- 2 weeks -RRB- emails and different adjustments to tweak the `` Installer '' , I decided to contact Roxio . I 've had an account since '99 and therefore was able to get in and post my problem on one of their forums . I was creamed by the moderator because I wrote that I `` downloaded '' the program from the discs instead of `` installed '' . The tech recommended things I had already tried and the moderator continued to be condescending . Finally , after three -LRB- 3 -RRB- weeks of this treatment , the tech let slip that some of the Roxio discs were corrupted . I contacted the Microsoft techs to let them know it was the discs and Roxio would help me . . yeah right ! I had never had a problem with corrupted program discs . Ever ! I was told , by the Roxio tech , to contact customer service for replacement discs . Customer service told me they could n't do anything until Tech support authorized the replacements . The first tech could have told me this and did the authorizing from the start . . but no.This is not the Roxio way . Then , Tech support asked me to fax or email a copy of the invoice . I contacted the seller on the Amazon website and explained my problem , He emailed me a copy of the invoice and I , in turn , emailed it to the Roxio Tech service . The tech , then told me to contact Customer service . When I contacted Customer service , they informed me they would not replace the corrupted discs or allow a `` download '' -LRB- I already had a License Key and TSID number -RRB- because I did n't purchase the product from them . I explained , regardless as to where the purchase was made , Roxio still gets revenue from their initial sale . The discs are genuine Roxio discs , not pirated copies . I already own and use REMC8 and have Nero7 . I 'm not planning to purchase any Roxio products in the future or at all , for that matter . To anyone planning to purchase a Roxio product , BUYER BEWARE !
 The only way to get support for Roxio products is to pay $ 35 per phone call ! I had trouble with install & launch - they would n't help unless I paid an additional $ 35 . That 's highway robbery
 I made a mistake and bought this product without thoroughly looking at the reviews . I based it solely on the name of Roxio and because I had Easy CD Creator several years ago . I was wrong , it is a buggy piece of software and it 's a waste of money . I am a software developer and an advanced computer user , so I know what I 'm doing . I know that I did nothing except install Easy Media Creator , and expected basic functionality to work , but it does n't . It came out in June 2006 -LRB- that 's the date on their ReadMe file -RRB- , and it is now March 2007 with no program updates . Do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this product.First off , I recently bought a new Dell computer , with 2 GB of memory , plenty of hard drive space , dual CPU , etc. . It came with Vista , and I have not messed around with the settings so it 's pretty much out-of-the-box configuration of Vista.All I wanted was an easy program to 1 -RRB- transfer my American Idol recordings to DVD 2 -RRB- convert some other recorded programs to iPod.Well , the Disccopier program that is supposed to do this worked when I initially installed the program , however , it said that I needed to install iTunes in order to make it convert files for iPod format . After I did that , the Disccopier program never worked , it gave an `` Invalid number of Parameters '' error . Their `` Technical Support '' option in the menu brings you to a web page that asks you to buy Easy Media Creator online . Very helpful.Even when I uninstalled iTunes , uninstalled Media Creator , re-installed it twice , etc , it never worked again . So I gave up.Then I turned to trying to create a DVD using their DVD creation software . First time , I tried writing to DVD it froze , and I lost everything . It never occurred to me to save my project because I assumed that basic functionality should work , but I was wrong . So , then I learned to save my project often , and then instead , burn it to an ISO image . That froze as well . Sometimes when I edit videos it freezes . Sometimes , the audio disappears . Sometimes , the audio is 1/3 speed.Basically , every time you use the Create DVD program , there is a 50 % chance you will waste your time because something will go wrong or it will freeze in the middle of using the program . It is extremely buggy.Also , when I boot up my computer , it now starts off with an error saying that a driver from Sonic is unstable and will be disabled . This is embarrassing for Roxio . How could they sell this software saying that it is `` Ready for Vista '' when out-of-the-box installs have so many problems?The uninstall , by the way , does n't cleanly uninstall everything . It left about half the stuff on my hard drive . As well , it creates two entries in my Start Menu , `` Software Updates '' and `` Program Updates '' , both of which seem to do the same thing . Why it creates two icons , I have no clue . But it is a piece of software from Macrovision which is known to write DRM-type software that is hard to get rid of off your computer.It is insane how low quality this software is . Please , for your sake , do not buy this software .
 I have been trying for over 10 hours -LRB- spread over 6 months -RRB- to uninstall Roxio Easy Media Creator , Version 9 . I followed the long and difficult instructions from Roxio 's website -LRB- which includes dangerous registry edits -RRB- , and finally got rid of the program itself , but I can no longer use my CD drive to write files . I get an error message that says the drive is no longer accessible . There are over 5,000 posts on Roxio 's user support website concerning problems with installation and deinstallation.But at least the Roxio folks have a sense of humor ... when you get to the end of the official uninstall instructions , the last line reads , `` Restart the computer than reinstall Easy Media Creator . ''
 I bought a Dell dimension 4600 that came with a sonic media program which Sonic/Roxie does not support . Horrible ! So , I bought a full version MEDIA CREATOR SUITE 9 for my XP system thinking that Dell was just too cheap to install a descent version -LRB- which they were -RRB- . Well ... MEDIA CREATOR SUITE 9 is so full of bugs that my computer is breaking out with an unknown rash ! You would be better served by flushing your hard earned cash down the toilet and save the postage . As far as the tech support goes , you might as well be talking to a cat which will be less costly .
 I really should have listened to the other reviewers ' advice before purchasing this product
 First , you will be lucky if the product installs at all.Next , you may find it does not like your video card , and MyDVD may refuse to run.I stuck with 7.5 after uninstalling 9 . 7.5 is buggy too , but at least you can make a DVD.If you need to produce a DVD of any size , look elsewhere . You will waste a lot of time.The 5 start reviews here either did try to produce a large DVD and/or are shills .
 Someday this may be a good program ... but NOT this initial version ... the number of bugs I encountered just trying to make a basic DVD was totally unacceptable ... The quality of this release is FAR below the Roxio standards I am used to ... it 's hard to believe the My DVD module was ever tested ... You would be ahead to purchase version 8 , and then upgrade in 3 months ! -LRB- Yes - I should have KNOWN better ... -RRB-
 I bought this program -LRB- EMC 9 -RRB- to make DVD slide shows of digital photos , and some video DVDs that I could run on a television . Ths slide show creator worked only once , but I could use the video creator to creat slide shows for a while -LRB- with limited options -RRB- , but now that wo n't work . Tech support offers no workable suggestions . The discussion group offers more suggestions , and clean installs seem to be a temporary fix at best . Now I ca n't even get the program to load . I might as well burn the $ 80 I spent on this .
 Terrible design , poorly thought out , many functions do n't work - abysmal customer service . This is by far the worst of the many media software suites I 've tried . Avoid it like the plague .
 I 've now owned three different versions of Roxio - each has burned CD 's adquately - but none have been successful at being a user friendly , stable tool for creating slide shows from still images from digital cameras . Perhaps foolishly , I have continued to use Roxio , thinking that it was the best there was - until today . I purchased Roxio Easy Media Creator Deluxe 9 , after being disappointed over the last year in my version of 8 . After 3 hours of finding that it crashed my computer to the blue screen of death - I returned the program - and bought a very inexpensive $ 19.00 version of SlideShow Expressions - and was blown away - it 's easy - user friendly - and does great slide shows right out of the box . I 'm done with Roxio - forever ! I wish I 'd have quit believing the Roxio hype years ago - simpler is definitely better - at least in this case . I wish there was some way to recover all the hours of frustration I 've had with Roxio products over the last few years .
 I bought this software to attempt burn very straighforward CDs and DVDs . The software that came with my HD camera was very unstable , but this program -LRB- costing $ 70 more -RRB- is n't any better . In many respects , it 's worse.Once you install the program , it tries to manage ALL of the media on your computer without asking . As typical with ObnoxiousWare , the program DELETES or OVERRIDES all other programs you have managing your media files -LRB- all sounds , music , and pictures -RRB- and then makes sorting through your stuff a nightmare.The interface is horribly confusing and clunkly . Think Windows 3.1 . There is no excuse for the program to have such ridiculous menus and interfaces . It is both overly-simple and unnecessarily-complicated . Performing basic tasks is a game of `` Can I find where they hid the check-this-box option for some ultra-simple task I 'd like to perform !? `` I have a brand-new 2007 Dell desktop computer with a fast processor and plenty of memory . Roxio manages to make the computer grind to a halt . Forget about multitasking with Roxio open . In fact , while just using the program you have to move the mouse slowly and wait for things to catch up.To make things even worse , you will complete your entire project only to have the program crash without explanation . After two hours today , I have given up on trying to burn a DVD.I am returning this software . It is terrible . I will stick with the marginal software that came with my camera .
 what a disappointment . if you feel like spending a chunk of money on this to do basic burning tasks , feel free . if you want to convert your MCE dvr-ms files to mpeg-4 -LRB- Ipod -RRB- to play on your Ipod , forget it . it will crash crash crash . error messages abound . what a waste of money . but , hey , it can rip my cd 's into MP3 . Great ! my media player does that and it 's free .
 I wish that I had never purchased Roxio Creator Suite 9 . First of all , when I attempted to burn a DVD , It gave me the response that I needed to activate MPEG-2 ... I tried that , and I ended up with a `` bad installation error '' and it shut down . I finally managed to get in touch with technical support , and they gave me a patch to fix the problem , though they gave me a long process of useless steps in order to cover their tracks that they simply messed up . When the patch finally worked , I proceeded to attempt to burn a DVD . However , the program does n't accept Winamp video files as burnable files , even though they are . avis . I had to convert them all ... not fun times.With that task completed , I finally managed to add files in order to burn them to a DVD . >_> Imagine my surprise when I ran into another problem . Making an attempt to create transitions between files makes Roxio crash . The final straw for me however , was , ironically , the menu template system . They give you these pre-made templates , but you ca n't customize your backgrounds -LRB- trust me , I tried , many many times -RRB- . So , for my lovely Suzumiya Haruhi AMVs -LRB- Anime Music Videos -RRB- , and other anime - related projects ... I have the background of a beach scene . Why a beach scene ? Because the other options were either a bouquet of flowers or a forest -LRB- none of the above fit with an anime about a crazy Japanese schoolgirl on the search for espers , aliens or time travelers -RRB- . If you want more templates , you have to buy them , and they are just as mundane.I am not pleased with this product at all . Granted , if you 're only looking for a program to make a couple of photo slideshows and small video clips about your trip to Fiji , or Bob and Jill 's wedding , then Creator Suite 9 may be enough ... may being the operative word here . However , if you are like myself , and are creating your own videos , creating AMVs , saving your anime , or something a bit more creative , then DO NOT use Roxio Easy Media Creator Suite 9 . Instead , use Nero . Nero has all of the capabilities of Roxio , plus the added bonus of being able to recognize more file types , allowing you to make customized menus with customized music -LRB- gee , I did n't even touch on that problem , but do I really need to ?? -RRB- , and make transitions between files . Also , Nero picks up film effects -LRB- sepia , hazing , etc. -RRB- MUCH better than Roxio . I certainly hope that this review helps , and that I can save someone else from making the same mistake that I did !
 First I will say . Roxio better come out with some updates or patches . I installed the Easy Creator 9 onto my Dell Laptop . Install went fine . But the program will not launch with out problems . When I do get it up and running ... it is extremely slow , and then crashes . My dell is only a few months old , and exceeds the min requirements to run.I am very annoyed . Do not buy ! Not until updates come out.ITs unfortunate ... i had Roxio vs 5 , and that ran great .
 This is by all means the WORST software product to come out in years . Beware all Media Center Edition 2005 users
 I 'm surprised that I 'm feeling the same frustrated way now that I did with the last generations of Creator ... I have a decent Dell PC that runs XP , and still Roxio will slow down and dominate my entire computer when in use . The program itself is not profoundly better than its predecessors , but still it chugs along -LRB- and crashes frequently -RRB- . It also seems to choose when to see my drives - sometimes it `` forgets '' and then it is fine ... I 'm just surprised that such a plodding , cumbersome program has managed to be bundled with most of the computers shipped from Dell and HP -LRB- and probably others -RRB- . If any similar -LRB- non-Roxio -RRB- program came along that just had the burning basics for CDs and DVDs down , I would grab it . Look for alternatives .
 I join the others who express their exasperation with this product . The product is extremely difficult to install , given its size and its need to mesh with other programs and the registry.This product is only for those who are very computer-savvy , and patient . My recommendation would be to buy several different software programs to address various multi-media editing and copying needs . For example , who really needs Roxio 's photo editing software , when there is so much around at low prices ? And why several overlapping and confusing video editing tools?To make matters worse , Roxio 's web site is awful , and their telephone tech support is a joke , as is the booklet that comes with the softwareI installed this software over and over , and it just kept freezing up on me ... and this was a clean install over a just-reinstalled Windows XP SP2.I finally got it to work by installing only a few of its video editing features , and then setting up individual shortcuts for each function.Bottom line , it seems to me these people have made a feeble attempt to cobble together various editing tools into one lumbering package . Great marketing , lousy product .
 This is an absolutely most frustrating software package ever purchased . Just look at their website at all the problems people are experiencing with it . I haved spent hours and hours and hours trying to get the program installed and then to even run . It corrupted my registry and only God knows what else . Symantec gave up after 3 hours on line trying to find out what the Sonic Cineplayer Decoder package was and whether it was a virus . I have finally gotten everything off my computer by purchasing a registry cleaner software at great expense and am still working on trying to get everything I previously had working properly again . I am sending the program right back to Roxio for a refund as soon as I can get them to give me an RMA . Unless you are REAL computer guru my advice is to steer clear of Roxio and Sonic products . Sonics MyDVD has it 's own set of problems .
 Like most EMC suites , it is intolerant of other media suites or media burning software.It will install perfectly on a clean copy of WIN2K or XP . Starting out with an existing OS that has been running for sometime will most likely have installation or operational issues.I DO N'T like the way it has to get to the internet every time you do start it , -LRB- I firewall block it -RRB- ; it puts too many drivers and services on your OS , and does NOT work properly right out of the box . You have to go immediately online to get the updates.Tech support is a joke for the kind of money they want per issue . Maybe they should have shipped a stable product first.Me , I find NERO is the better choice of a media suite now .
 This software is complete . It has a lot of applications , all intergrated into one.But when i launch an application , i get an mfc application error . This software probably was released a little bit to early.I believe it needs a major update ... but their site ... when it comes to updates ... it 's way too slow . I recommend not to buy this software ... unless a major update is relesed first .
 This program works great on an XP environment , but is almost useless on a Vista machine . Roxio has absolutely no customer support . They have been promising a Vista patch for months . I have used the product all the way back to Version 4 , but I am now looking for a replacement product . I would not waste your money
 I have owned Roxio products for years now . My first was Creator 4 , preinstalled on a computer . I paid and upgraded to Ver . 5 and Ver .6 . The problems started with Ver .6 , Roxio shipped out an `` updater disc '' to take care of the problems for people like me that bought the program before they had settled all of its issues.I waited to upgrade until Version 9 thinking it had a lot to offer over version 6 . After installing , it did not recognize either of my computers CD/DVD drives , in fact it made the vanish to all of my programs . I re-installed them and no change to Roxio 9 , still no drives . There were numerous other problems caused by this `` new program '' , I finally had to do a restore on my computer and re-install some of my software and drive features again.I called Tech support , after talking to a tech , I assume out-sourced in India -LRB- almost imposible to understand -RRB- I got nothing accomplished and un-installed the program , back to Version 6 . I have a very good tech level of experience with computers and all I can say , in advice , is DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ! The program promises great features , delivers about the same effect as a virus from the internet.I hope Roxio corrects the problems in this program and gets tech support that can understand English
 This is the worst Roxio product to date ! The company apparently feels that its time to rip off their customers . The program hogs system resources and despite removing some of the more demanding apps I have yet been able to get this program to run smoothly despite having an up to date and capable HP computer . I would ask for my money back but who would you ask ? I cant even find support for this piece of @ # % * Nice try Roxio ! Look elsewhere for a professionally designed and written program .
 First , let me start off by saying I 'm not a Nero Supporter , I 've been Roxio going back to my first CDR version OEM 3 . I 've purchased the full versions of Roxio 3 , 3.5 , 5 , 7 , 7.5 before `` upgrading '' to version 9 . While the previous versions all had bugs they were relatively less buggy than other software programs , by in large did the job out of the box , and as with most software , patches came out which resolved most of the issues.Forewarned and Forearmed with this knowledge , I purchased Version 9 . To date , I 've wasted 14 hours trying to get the program to function in only three of the areas it has programs , and none of worked . I 've tried to use Videowave to capture analog audio and Video , only to have wasted hours recording and when played back the audio sounds like all of my speakers have been blown out and crackle . I 'm using the same ATI card and Soundblaster card I used in 7.5 with no problems . When capturing the same footage using the ATI software , no problem exists.After spending two hours on hold , I learn the number I called for `` customer support '' does not supply `` Technical Support '' that number , which is not listed anywhere in their website is 1888619-2958 . I figure for any of you who purchase this product despite the numerous negative reviews , I 'll save you the time I 've wasted.When I spoke with the `` tech '' his pithy response to my problem was it is a driver or `` maintenance '' problem . Explaining I have the most up to date drivers , and I have no problems importing through ATI All In Wonder program , his response was `` Well import through that '' . Not a satisfactory answer as a -RRB- you ca n't set the ATI software to capture a timed amount , so you have to be present to stop the recording , b -RRB- I did n't have this problem in 7.5 . His next response was it 's a `` maintenance '' problem . When asked to explain , his answer was a spyware detector , or antivirus . When I mentioned my zonealarm was up to date and the same version as was working with 7.5 the same day I uninstalled 7.5 and installed 9 he again insisted it is a `` maintenance '' or driver issue . When pressed how I resolve this his response was I already told you , use the ATI for capture , I asked what was the purpose of spending the money to upgrade to 9 if it did n't capture , he said while you bought it over thirty days ago so you ca n't get a refund and hung up on me.Had this been the only problem , it would have been enough , but prior to the attempt to import the video via analog , I tried to use the cinemaster to play a mpeg file . Though I 'd registered the program successfully , every time I attempt to use the program it told me to activate it . Which I did , only to be told to activate it again . and again , and again . When I finally reached customer support , -LRB- not technical -RRB- I was told I need to uninstall the entire package , clean out my registry , go to Microsoft and download a program remover , then reinstall.After I went through all of that , when I went to `` activate the software '' I received a message I 'd exceeded the number of activations and to purchase additional licenses . Yeah , right.After over an hour at customer support , they reset the code . It worked , I was able to launch cinemaster . However when I went to launch Videowave to edit pre existing mpeg file , it told me I needed to activate videowave . The cycle began all over again , uninstall , clean registry , reinstall.But it was the attitude of tech support guy in my fourth paragraph that was the final straw . When I finally got through to a customer service rep after the tech call , he was kind enough to process a refund which I 'm told I 'll receive in five to ten working days . Yeah , right , the check is in the mail and I 'll still respect you in the morning.I 'm going back to 7.5 . Update
 Version 9 has been a big disappointment and my goal is to get it working almost as well as Version 8 did . So far , this has included two reinstalls , plus my first attempt at messing around with my computer registry , to get Cineplayer to work . I still have not located the still-capture function on Cineplayer.I have also had to do extensive reading on how to burn gapless CDs , since the Disc-at-Once function no longer does this . -LRB- The answer is that you must use the Music Disc Creator function . -RRB- In short , if you already have Version 8 , there is no need to upgrade .
 I purchased this item with a bit of hopeful skepticism ; It was super-affordable , and seemed to have every type of media tool imaginable.I 'm well aware that the more you try to do , you lessen your chance of being good at any particular thing . This totally describes EMC9 . There are tools to do everything , but the fact is that you may never even get to use them because the program wo n't even start!Let me give you some details : First , the moment I installed the software , my entire machine slowed down . Not just a bit . A lot . We 're talking 45 seconds to get the right-click menu to pop up on anything -LRB- e.g. to clear the recycle bin , to check file properties -RRB- . I do n't have a slouch of a box , either - a 3.2 GHz CPU with 3GB of fast DDR2 ram.Next , the program is very buggy . Yes , I installed the updates . Right now , the video editing program wo n't even start . Instead , I get two pop-up message boxes detailing the error . The programs that do start are so unresponsive -LRB- open file dialogs , adding media to a project , etc. -RRB- , it 's not even usable.I would never , ever recommend this software . Not even to my most bitter enemy . If I can return it , I will . It is the worst software purchase I have ever made and it almost makes me wish I 'd downloaded a pirate version first to see if it worked .
 I 'm terribly disappointed with this product . As other reviewers have noted , it causes system crashes . Also , it takes over the disc formatting feature and RW discs formatted with this product are seen as read-only discs by other formatting systems . And I 'm not talking about competitor 's formatting systems , I 'm talking about Easy CD Creator -LRB- a forerunner of this product -RRB- and Sonic Record Now which is also currently a Roxio product.It 's also not all that good at its own utilities , I found the DVD burning options not as good as the Sonic Record Now that came pre-loaded on my computer . Unfortunately I had to do an F11 system restore to get the formatting function of Sonic Record Now back , and after the F11 it took me 4 days to restore all my data and system updates.Don ' t even think about buying this product .
 This has to be the worst software package I have ever used . I picked this up on impulse while visiting a relative . I should have done a lot more research but ... This software has sooo many bugs . Most programs lockup or wo n't complete a process and it seems like you have to register each component of the suit separately.Don ' t make my mistake . Research the product before you buy . Go to the support forums and find out how frustrated users are . Buying this product would be a BIG mistake.Oh , and Roxio will not give you a refund unless you by from their store.Use NERO for burning.Use Adobe Premier Elements for editing.And stay away from Roxio/Sonic
 Geez , I also wish I had looked at the reviews before buying this crappy software package . Yo , Amazon , do us all a favor and quit selling this garbage ! You have too cool of an on-line store to ruin your reputation!I have only tried to use it to create Photo slideshows , yet I ca n't get the damn thing to burn DVDs using its MyDVD software after spending the damn time to put them together . It hangs up at the initial encoding process and locks up my PC . It did the same on the my other PC , so I know it ai n't my hardware . Peez ov sheet !!!!!!!!!!
 Fed up with Pinnacle , I decided to look elsewhere . But , I brainfarted , and instead of looking here -LRB- the product 's current 21/2 star rating seems to underscore the review I 'm about to create -RRB- , I looked at the reviews from a PC Mag -LRB- you 'll never guess which -RRB- . They RAVED all over Roxio 's product.Whoever got paid at the PC MAGazine by Roxio should be ashamed.Anyway , Roxio got my money , but they do n't have to get yours . I 've had this thing for 12 hours , and BOY do I wish I 'd looked a little better before jumping the gun.First of all , you can not do fine editing of movies with Roxio . Try to splice a clip -- say , a teensy bit off the end -- and Roxio will deny you that ability . If your chosen trim spot does n't leave Roxio 's prerequisite MILE of footage on either end of the split , you 'll be denied . With many other programs out there you can splice & dice as finely as you can pore into the thing . I mean , why show me fractions of seconds if I ca n't do anything with them?Strike One.Second , REMCS9 automatically edits your video and audio for you , in ways you do n't want it to . I have a short piece I purposely ended abruptly , for effect , but ROXIO has decided that last 0.4 seconds was n't really necessary , anyway . `` Silly consumer , we know better than you ! '' My punchline is gone , because someone at Roxio thought we 're all too dumb to properly transition out of our own creations.Strike Two.Third , in order to use some features , you have to be in one of Roxio 's four particular editing views , and can be in nother other editing view . `` Want to change the volume ? Well , you must be in timeline view . Oh , and now you want to stretch the track ? Well , you must be in production view . '' Oh , and I 'm not just talking about the standard three
 I 'm not a new user but have been trying to use Roxio circa 7.0 ... . As I type I 'm trying to burn a CD that will be just above an eschosketch -LRB- sp -RRB- quality.I do n't have high hopes and may have to capitulate and realize my 200 clams spent on updates from 7.5 - to 8.0 to 9.0 were money 's better put up a wild hog 's arse.Let me give you a little history of my experience with Roxio products ... * Never install a Roxio product unless you have a Virgin computer ... Or you will have to go thru a Clean Install procedure that would make the CIA proud of data deletion . * Never try to contact Roxio for customer support via phone as they are on another planet without phone service . * Never use the tech support internet link as they work only on holiday 's between the days of Feb. 10 thru Feb 12 . * Never view your downloaded media file in Windows Media Player as your Roxio output results will pale in comparison.I obtained a bootleg version of 7.0 and edited and produced + / - 9 hours of video . I was so impressed -LRB- then -RRB- that I bought 7.5 and have regretted it ever since.Updates with Roxio are like the stock market - do n't try to catch a falling knife ... If you are one of the unfortunate ones that have purchased this product - the people on the forum page @ Roxio Support are a wealth of knowledge and may guide you to a point I 've yet to obtain ...
 Under the guise of getting `` a little bit of everything '' I was fooled into this product . The goal was to digitize some footage off my Canon XL-2 , edit and master onto DVD . These are all features which the bundle included . The first annoyance happened when I plugged in my camera . Roxio made this import / export called Media Import - a boneheaded application . It took me 3 restarts just to get the program to recognize my camera . Once recognized it had a neat little feature `` Capture Entire Tape '' and it WORKED ! I was impressed yet when I saw the file type created I gasped
 I purchased `` Roxio Easy Media Creator Suite 9 '' one year ago and I am still not able to burn a DVD , because of an error message.Now I have installed the software on my new computer -LRB- Windows Vista Premium -RRB- and it does not work properly any way . The software creats only problems .
 I ca n't believe the way newer programs just keep getting worse than the ones they replace . I bought creator 9 because creator 5 was incompatible with vista . -LRB- another example of a crappy upgrade -RRB- Roxio seems to think they can live on their former reputation as a worthwhile program . Almost everything about this program stinks . I could n't get the capture from sound card to work right , & could n't burn a music dvd . I 'd stay clear of this program !
 I was happy using an old version of Nero and read one of the on-line reviews of Roxio Medai Creator 9 . It was a glowing review and I -LRB- foolishly -RRB- bought a copy . First tip that things would not go well was that it insisted that I uninstall Nero , which I , nervously , let it do.Well I 've had it about two months now and it is incredibly buggy . I have had to do three repairs to get it to do the basic things like just copying a DVD or CD . It 's labelling `` feature '' is junk that also locked up the first time I tried it . Do n't even dare try any of the `` advanced '' features.Complete , enraging , trash.Back to Nero for me .
 I have used many of the prior versions in this series , and bought this tool based on my experience with those . Older `` Easy ____ Creator '' tools where normally solid performers , sometimes glitzy , sometimes not , but always just worked . This tool on the other hand tries to be glitzy , but never just works . My biggest issue was with the `` Video wave '' sub-tool that would run slowly and freeze up randomly -LRB- to the point that I had to reboot to kill off the processes , even task manager was n't able to kill it -RRB- so that either I had to save every time I did anything , or loose all my work every time I tried to use the program .
 When I first used this software , I thought it was a real good product . I did n't even look at the manual . I installed it right away without any hassles . As soon as I installed it , everything went on very smoothly . I was able to edit all the videos that I shot from summer trips . So I was beginning to think ` why other people are not as satisfied as I am ? ` Now I realized why other people are making so much complaint about this product . I remember one review article about music recording . I did n't know why this complaint was made , because up until yesterday , I only edited videos.But when I recorded songs from another computer 's soundcard to my mail computer , then I realized what 's wrong with this product.Creator Suite 9 wo n't record songs very well , especially songs that have greater degrees in up and down pitches.For example , I recorded `` Nadia 's Theme '' , `` I Love L.A. '' , and `` Year of the Cat '' from a laptop 's soundcard -LRB- earphone jack -RRB- to my desktop computer . And the sound quality was so dissatisfactory that I had to give the grades as following : -LRB- 1 -RRB- `` Nadia 's Theme '' , D - . -LRB- 2 -RRB- `` I Love L.A. '' , D - . -LRB- 3 -RRB- `` Year of the Cat '' , first 40 seconds D - , after that , A - . Can anybody recommend any other product that can record songs from one computer 's soundcard to another computer much better in sound quality?Now I wonder if the Creator 10 can do this job better .
 I INSTALLED THIS PROGRAM IN MY NEW COMPUTER WITH WINDOWS VISTA HOME PREMIUM AN IT DID NOT WORK , GIVING ME AN ERROR , THAT NOW , EVENTHOUGH I ERASED ROXIO FROM MY PC IT IS RECURRENT EVERY TIME I START THE P.C. WICH IS ANNOYING . NEITHERMICROSOFT NOR ROXIO HAVE GIVEN ME AN EXPLANATION TO USE IT . IS A PATCH NECESSARY . IF SO WHEN ROXIO IS GOING TO RELEASE IT ?
 I 've spent more time trying to get this program to work than with any other software . It seems to only work on a clean system with just the OS -LRB- In my case , Windows XP -RRB- , but as soon as you start adding other programs -- look out ! Features begin to crash , freeze , and have runtime errors galore . The ONLY solution Roxio can provide is to do a `` clean install . '' This involves removing the program , all program folders , and all registry entries , then reinstalling . The whole process takes over an hour , although I 've gotten a lot quicker at it because I 've had to do it so many times . After all that work -- nothing ! Same problems . I keep going to the web site HOPING they will have an update that will fix these bugs , but so far -- nothing . Some features do work well , but these tend to be the add-ons -LRB- Drag to Disk and PC Backup -RRB- , but I 'm unable to use it for its primary purpose -LRB- CD & DVD creation -RRB- . Until Roxio fixes the bugs , do n't get it !
 I have used version 8 and now version 9 . I bought it for video primarily but can not use it now due to an issue with the MPEG-2 installation which Roxio licenses from another company . Been trying to get an answer or fix for months but Roxio does not appear to want to fix the problem as they have to pay royalties for every activation .
 Instead of fixing major bugs in version 8 , not only does Roxio come up with a version 9 , they keep emailing me to purchase an upgrade ? My version 7 and 8 kept giving me major problems . I have many other software on my computer including photoshop , premiere , etc. . The ONLY software I 'm having problems with is Roxio . It crashes , freezes my computer , refuses to open , etc. . Support is NONE EXISTANT !!! I have yet to speak to anyone who is n't having major problems with this software . Whenever there are a large number of bad reviews on this program , it is followed by a few people who rave about the product . Most of these people must work for Roxio . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT !! Complete money grubbing company who do not care whatsoever about their customers .
 I upgraded from EMC 7.5 to EMC 9 expecting improved interfaces and functionality . I was quite disappointed in the photo editing and printing functions . I ca n't print a full page with multiple photos . I received an acknowledgement of the problems , but so far no other response . I sent in problem reports over two weeks ago . Editing is awkward to say the least . Cropping requires too many steps , once you figure out what they are . I am returning to EMC 7.5 until either the problems are resolved or another program is available that provides the functioanlity of EMC 7.5 .
 I upgraded to Suite 9 because my older version would n't work with Vista , and Roxio advertised Suite 9 as being Vista compatible . It is n't . Vista will not load it , because it has several drivers which are not Vista compatible . A visit to the Roxio website does not uncover any updates or downloads which will make it compatible , so it is a sheer waste of money , and is misrepresented by Roxio .
 First off , I like Roxio , I 've used previous versions and it 's good , it 's a bit bloated and the interface is ho-hum , but it 's fine
 You better have a very powerful computer if you want this program to function properly . Even then , I 'm not so sure that it will.Every time I use it , it `` hangs '' somewhere.I am no novice - This is a poorly written program - full of features that sound fine , but do not function properly - at least not on my Dell pentium IV 2.4 GHz computer .
 I have experienced what many others have ... program installed and wo n't work . Tech support is virtually non-existant . Their people act indifferent to the problems and offer no help towards resolving the issues . I now have 2 coasters that used to be called program discs . Avoid this program !
 I have a problem with Easy Media Creator -9 Suite . When playing a DVD , the Video plays in Windows Media Player 10 or 11 but the Audio does not.The problem is the Cineplayer/Player is packaged in the EMC-9 suite , but the plug-in for WMP is not . To add salt to this bad situation , tech support does not recommend purchasing and installing the Cineplayer WMP Plug-in . Here is their reply from email support
 I bought this for my son so he could burn music CDs and transfer video and music between his iPod and our PC . Bottom line
 Before you buy this software read all of Amazon 's reviews , and the user forums @ Roxio . This software is riddled with bugs , causes serious system crashes , and incredible frustration . Read Roxio 's workaround for the problems before you install this , because if it crashes your computer , you 're going to be spending a day or two manually cleaning your registry.The problems mostly seem to happen when upgrading from previous versions . I have used , and loved , Roxio since version 5 , and have upgraded to every version since then with little or no difficulty . But when I upgraded from 8 to 9 all hell broke loose . Major crashes , not just of the OS , but other software . Incredibly hard time uninstalling Roxio 9 . Thought I would have to do a clean install of Windows to get my system back , but after several attempts at deleting all Roxio references in the registry , and then doing a `` system restore , '' I got the OS stabile again . But this took about twelve hours to accomplish , and because of the system restore rollback , I had to redo a lot of work.Save yourself some some aggrevation
 I bought this at a Best Buy , wasted 4 hours trying to install it and contact ANYONE at Roxio who could help me fix it -LRB- without success -RRB- . Their online discussion forum on their website is full of problems that you have to be an engineer to repair . Too much work for a program . I uninstalled it and am returning it tomorrow . Hope this helps
 Roxio Creator 9 is a waste of money . The program should never have been released . Make sure you install the patch for the runtime error . After that I tried using burning a CD and it would keep telling me to insert a music CD . There was a music CD inserted and Roxio Drag and Drop saw the files but the burning side of Roxio did not.Tech support in non-existent . Their on-line FAQ is a total joke that is useless . I had all the latest firmware for my CD and DVD burner and 1 out of 10 times Roxio would actually work . I have already received my RMA # to return the product for a refund . I wish I had read the many negative reviews on this product before I made my purchase .
 It 's clear that anyone rating this software positively eitherprofessionally or personally is bought and paid for by Sonic -LRB- Roxio -RRB- or is an employee of the company.EMC 9 is simply unusable . It is riddled with bugs and the mostfrustrating thing is that you may , under conditions that involve a fullmoon and prayers to whatever God you believe in , get it to actuallycreate a DVD . Maybe . Just once.Every single aspect of the software relating to video production isso badly broken that the only future you have with it is lost time , high blood pressure , and , if you ca n't control your temper , a broken keyboard.It is slow , a resource hog -LRB- CPU -RRB- , and it crashes * all the time * -LRB- MyDVD , Videowave , Disc Copier -RRB- . I have tried all the variousmagic methods for creating DVDs outlined on the Roxio forums andhave a stack of expensive RW+DL DVD coasters to prove it.I agree with a previous poster who said , that he may have beenscrewed by giving Sonic his money , but * you do n't have to be * . Oh , and if you think you will get any help from the tech support , keep dreaming . From what I can see the forums are filled with two typesof people
 I have worked with dvd burning software for a long time now . Most of the time it was smooth sailing . But Somewhere when Roxio was created everything went wrong . This horrible PILE of Ccleaner Actually Destroyed 2 dvd burners . The first one I thought just died of natural causes . So I put in a new one . It worked great with nero . So I tried Installing roxio 9 again . And Holy Ccleaner It doesnt recognize blank dvd 's any more either . Even with a firmware update afterwards It still does n't recognize blank dvd 's . So like the title , Dont even Try It . You may end up with a dead drive . And Pay for it .
 After three days of frustration of checking drivers , verifying compatibility of hardware configurations , etc. etc , the software will still not burn a DVD . Just check Roxio 's on-line support forum and you will see several pages of customers experiencing similar DVD burning issues as well as many other problems with this product . Version 9 should not have been released with the myriad of incompatibility issues it has . I will never purchase another Roxio product because of it .
 I do n't recommend this software to anyone unless you are interested in throwing money away . I do n't have much experience with this software since I just purchased it about 3 weeks ago and have n't been able to use it much . The first night , I installed it and started working with it . The very next morning , I was unable to open the program . A message kept popping up saying `` The trial verson of this program has expired . '' Well , it 's not the trial version . It 's the real deal . I had to uninstal and re-install the program 3 or 4 times while still getting the same message while trying to open the program . Also , Roxio has absolutely NO tech support ! There is no phone number on the manual or website . You have to create an account on the website to get any kind of help and good luck with that . If you have a common name , they wo n't even let you create an account . So , I was unable to create an account at the Roxio site and completely unable to get any tech support whatsoever.Well , I finally re-installed it and registered every bit of the software there is to register . I created an account on the site in my boyfriend 's name since his is less common . The software was up and running for about a week and I created some pretty cool slideshows . Well , after a week I tried to open the program again and it will not open again . I get the same message about the trial version being expired . Now , I ca n't even get logged on to the site to get tech support with the account my boyfriend created . Honestly , do n't waste your money on this product . I 've barely been able to use it and the people who created it do n't even care to help anyone use it ! Otherwise , they would make their tech support more accessable . If anyone has any advice , I would be glad to hear it , because maybe I 'm doing something horribly wrong , but until I figure out what that is , I 'm just going to tell everyone not to waste their money on this software . The only reason I even giv eit two stars is because at those rare moments when the software was up and running , I was able to create some nice DVD photo slideshows with music and it was quite easy to do .
 I bought this Roxio EMC 9 to update my version ' 7 ' & had nothing but trouble with it . I contacted Roxio several times & got absolutely no satisfaction from them . I finally just ` bit the bullet ' for the $ 70 I paid , uninstalled it & reinstalled my EMC 7 & it 's working great for everything I need . I keep getting emails for big bargains on Roxio 's new EMC 10 but , after reading the reviews from those who 've bought it , I realize it 's no better than their awful EMC 9 . Hope they can improve the program sometime soon & I may update but till then I 'm sticking with my ' 7 ' .
 I just removed all of the modules of this package from my computer -LRB- Note
 I made the mistake of buying the piece of junk against my better judgment . It will lock up when you try to burn a DVD . I tried re-installing it three times with the same result . The `` repair '' option from the Install disk causes set-up to freeze . Tech support is worse than a joke . I plan to go skeet shooting this weekend
 This latest version of Easy Media Creator has more features than anyone could possibly use , which is a good thing , because if you tried to use all the features , you 'd die of old age waiting for the program to respond . It is incredibly slow -LRB- on a fast machine with lots of RAM -RRB- , no matter how simple the function . Just pulling up a File Open dialog to select a file to add to a project takes an inordinate length of time , and if you want to do something more significant -LRB- such as change the caption on a button on a DVD menu -RRB- , you may as well go get a cup of coffee to pass the time . I also lost about an hour 's work last night when the MyDVD component of the program froze up totally . -LRB- No error messages ; it just locked up the computer . -RRB- It comes with some very elaborate DVD menu templates -LRB- although not very many of them , really , when you consider the price of the program -RRB- . I tried it as an alternative to Nero , which I 've been using for a few years , but I expect to uninstall it -LRB- it is a HUGE program -RRB- and go back to using Nero -LRB- and perhaps upgrade to the latest version of Nero -RRB- . Also , anyone considering buying this should first take a look at the discussion forums on the Roxio web site .
 I bought this so that I could burn DVDs from my Windows XP Movie Maker . I paid full price becuase I really wanted it to work , and I figured now I would not have any problems becuase I was getting all the bells and whistles . I open the `` My Videos '' part , and it just freezes every time . So I ca n't open my project , edit it , or burn it . What a waste of money . I totally regret buying this . How could they put something on the market that does n't even work ? And even though I `` uninstall '' it , I can see that it has not totally let go of my computer . I wish I had checked out other 's Amazon ratings before I ran out and took the salesman 's word for it .
 I am an experienced PC user . Never , absolutely never , in all the many years of working with different sorts of programs , have I run into so many bugs , malfunctions , inexplicable freezes , as I have with Roxio Easy Media Creator 9 . When it works , it 's great . But it is so fragile that it keeps crashing , freezing , overrunning buffers , etc. . I have never had to re-install a program as many times as I have had this one , in over twenty years of using PC 's . It 's mind-boggling that this product could make it to market . Their on-line support is virtually non-existent
 This software came preinstalled on my new Dell PC . What I want is very simple
 I started out with Roxio 7 and 7.5 which was great . I figured 9 would be realy cool so I went and bought it online and downloaded it . It took 1/2 day to download , and then when I tried to use the software I kept getting a windows error saying windows encountered an error and has to close down . I contacted Roxio regarding this issue , but to no avail . I evently returned the software and bought Nero 7 enhanced .
 The program is OK . It 's not worth the cost of the product . Not easy to use .
 Should have read these reviews before purchasing this garbage . EASY Media Creator 9 ... who are they kidding . I 'll have Amex call them and get my money back as I 've already `` uninstalled '' this thing . Tech support was a joke . I really get urked when someone who is suppose to help me ` talks down ' to me like I 'm an 1st grader . BUYER BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!
 The programmers would n't know simplicity if it poked them in the eye . Even my ex-wife was n't this frustrating .
 If clunky software that battles with the Windows Vista Platform and continues to cause errors and other software to stop working is your choice of fun ... go for it . Otherwise , why bother . Sure it works in Windows Vista but save your money and go for Nero . Just not worth the trouble . Good for freeware or possibly as an arcade prize in an amusement park . Perhaps they can melt all the Creator 9 software disks down and make them into ash trays .
 Easy media creator 9 is the worst upgraded ever made by roxio , its incompatible with version 8 and has a lot of bugs , not worth the agravation of install and removed . better stay with v7 .5 .
 I got this program a while ago and have been trying to get it to work since . I must say it 's a grave disappointment . I can copy CDs all right , usually . The photo element , when the work -- they usually do n't -- are okay . Most of the rest of it ? Well , I describe it as the most capricious program I 've EVER had . Sometimes it works , most of the time it does n't . A grave disappointment.Consider something else before you dive into Roxio .
 nothing I have tried in Easy Media Creator Suite 9 works properly . If you try to download updates - apparently there are n't any at this point - you get an error message suggesting a serious problem instead of a message saying there are n't any . If you try to use the help menu to link to help on their web site , nothing happens . I tried to do something more complicated - back up some inactive files to a dvd + RW . EMC said the compare of the source and copied files failed - even though the source files could n't possibly have been changed . I used EMC to do a complete erase of the DVD+RW . It took about half an hour . But when I tried to write to the DVD+RW again , EMC said the disk was not blank and offered to erase it . I said OK . After about 15 minutes it did something . But then it said again that the disk was not blank . It often takes control of a dvd/cd device and will not turn loose of it , even if you reboot the computer . The only way to force it to turn loose if the disk is a DVD-R or CD-R is to tell EMC to erase it . Then it is clever enough to know it ca n't erase it , tells you to put an erasable disk in , and finally opens the drive.Actually , so far I have not found anything in this software that works.Do not buy this software . It is a waste of money .
 Roxio Easy Media Creator Suite 9I tried to install this product about 2 weeks ago on a desktop computer runing Vista Home Premium . The installation has been nothing but one problem after another I spent hours with at the Roxio Online Help site . Finally I got the program to load and thought I had the problem fixed . Not so . Now Vista has it disabled because of a Driver Conflict . No patch is available through Microsoft . I have not yet had the time to spend with the Roxio Online Help to get this most recent problem fixed . I am at the point now where I think it will be faster , and a lot easier to simply unstall the program and return it.If you are looking for a disk media creator program like this one I strongly sugest you look elsware .
 Believe what the majority says and do n't make the same mistake I made . Some parts of the suite seem good , but it has so many bugs and problems that are just not worth it.Just a few : - Trying to create a DVD caused the system to freeze every time . - Video editing froze the program . - Both operations were extremely slow -LRB- before freezing -RRB- - After installing Creator 9 my DVD writer showed as a CD reader on windows explorer . Creator did not recognize it as a writer . - Updating all drivers did not make a difference . - Nero had no problem with the same computer configuration.Technical support does not exist . The forums on their website discuss these problems repeatedly but nobody seems to have a solution . Their excuse is always about incompatible drivers.Bottom line - stay away . You can not even return it without losing money .
 This program is not worth the headache it will give you . It consumes all of the processing power -LRB- 100 % -RRB- of my 1.6 GHZ Thinkpad . It 's incredibly slow at nearly all tasks ; burning a DVD takes hours ! It will take three hours to burn a simple DVD and there may not be any data on the DVD ! Very curious program - it does n't even know if it successfully burned a disk . This program wins the prize for bugs ; you never know what is going to happen when you click on something.It has multiple product activations for video , audio , and even the ringtones maker . I called Roxio tech support and they told me to disable all other services on my computer and the program will run properly !! Do n't bother with this one .
 I read the reviews about how buggy this software was , but I only needed a small fraction of it to work to get around some features missing from Vista . Well , the few things I needed crashed , and worse it changed the system defaults so that a bunch of things that were working with Vista defaults were switched to roxio programs , that did n't work . It even added a bunch a things t autostart when I logged in and they crashed too , everytime I logged in.I ca n't believe Microsoft rated this dog Vista compatible . I suspect that one piece of software was rated compatible , and then Rosio slapped the compatible label on a box filled with junk . Note that their setup program does n't let you select what to install in any useful way , so you ca n't tell it to not install programs that overwrite system defaults or run programs automatically . You ca n't even turn off the autostart programs with their options dialogs . The Roxio UI was clearly not designed for Vista , nor users apparently . It does n't explain thinsg easily enough for new users , nor provide the level of detail required by advanced users.I uninstalled Roxio , and I 've now spent a week trying to get Vista working again . I finally got DVDs burning , but Roxio did something low-level that always formats blank CDs in a format incompatible with my MP3 CD players , and I have n't been able to fix it in a week of searching newsgroups and playing with the Registry . I 'll probably have to reinstall Vista from scratch to get rid of this mistake .
 Roxio 's Easy Media Creator suite is jam-packed with features . So many , in fact , that quality control had insufficient time to check to see if things were working . I have tried making a CD label , editing video , and burning a DVD and found several bugs along the way . Dialogs often allow you to enter information but do n't use that information - so good luck aligning your CD labels with your printable decals or changing the level of compression on your DivX video export .
 this program is the worst I have ever purchased . It will not stay running for two minutes , even if I am not doing anything . Do n't waste your money !!
 What an incredible piece of junk Roxio Easy Media Creator 9 is . modules within are incompattible with each other . Programs crash . And EASY ? Yeah easy to take your money . DON `` T BUY .
 I bought Roxio 8 because of the rich feature set thinking that there 'd be a patch to fix the bugs -LRB- which are NOT just in video wave -RRB- . They have n't come up with a patch , just another buggy product . As consumers we should NOT be purchasing Roxio 's next version trash . We should get them to deliver something that works first before shelling out again .
 Although the seller 's description said it would work in Win2K , I could n't get it to install on either of my Win2K systems.I marked one star because I had to in order to submit this review . Otherwise , I would n't have marked any .
 I have this product and it does not work as described . Nothing but troubles . Look for another vendors product . Roxio support will have you chasing your tail , doing this and that and what is really wrong is the software , not your PC . Do not buy this software unless you want a lot of headache . I would rate this No stars if I could . I have spent hours messing withg this software and many more house trying to get ti to ununstall , it infests your PC like a pack of rats !
 This software has so many bugs , freezes , uses too many resources and I can go on and on . I am computer savvy and have never experienced such a bad program in 30 years . I finally gave up after over 20 hours of simply trying to create a video for my father-in-law 's 90th birthday with just 200 pictures and 4 songs . I wish I knew of another program I could purchase in a hurry .
 This software is terrible . I get so many RUN TIME errors I am so sick of that I am writing this review to save you the headaches .
 I have tried to use this product -LRB- running on Windows XP Professional -RRB- for several months now and am not pleased . Problems encountered
 Un-usable . this product was mis-represented as an `` old version '' , what I was sent was version 9.1 XE which is an oem version with limited capabilities -LRB- my computer already came with a more usable oem -RRB- . I hope Amazon and discount_software_4u will show more integrity in the future .
 After buying this , it installed a lot of programs that I did n't want . When I tried to selectively install what I did want , none of the programs would work . So I had to do a full install . Video editing would lock up every 10 or 20 minutes , which was usable I just saved often . Then it started locking up every minute which was n't enough time to get anything done . On their customer forums , every problems seems to be answered with `` uninstall and do a clean reinstall . '' I had done that twice already so I gave up and uninstalled it to move on to something new . Now it has broken my codecs and wo n't play any video without asking for a file that I ca n't find . This software is nothing but a huge hassle and waste of money . Instead of making patches they just start selling suite 10 which is probably just as bad .
 The worst software I ever buy ! Do n't spend your money for something , that do n't work . You will spend a lot more money for upgrades and spyware after you buy it!Zev
 SUCKS ! You buy it and they want you to upgrade for almost everything ... even to convert cd to mp3 , windows media player will do that for free . Already threw it away
 This version of Roxio does not work at all ! And there is no support or customer service available . The SEC should investigate this mafia business . No phone number or help web site . If you like to waste your money , put it into a slot machine ; you 'll at least have a great time . It takes about a half hour to install and an hour to uninstall when the software crashes . We tried this with Windows XP and Vista . We ca n't even use it as a door stop . Worthless and frustrating.Stay away from ANY Roxio product .
 I did not have any of the install problems that other 1-star reviews talk about . So my 1-star is based on a working copy of the package.The package is an odd collection of software , maybe from different sources , that do not in any way feel like they were intended to work together . For example , there are several tools that can produce a DVD from a collection of video input , with various degrees of features . The fancy versions can work in simple ways , so why so many tools ? The whole thing feels like a bunch of software `` floor-sweepings '' collected up and marketed as a coherent package.This package was pretty much junk . I use the install media from it for drink coasters these days . After this package , and a previous DVD issue from Roxio on a different product where a DVD driver stopped working after a certain date on my Dell machine , I will not likely buy any Roxio products again . Buyer beware !
 I bought EMC9 quite a while ago on an offer -LRB- $ 30 off coupon -RRB- but did n't install it until I bought a new computer running XP . After adding RAM I thought it was time and installed EMC9 only to have it bring my system down time after time . I thought a re-install would help but no , no help . -LRB- lots of people have discussed the joys of `` uninstall '' with this program -RRB- I have dvds of my softball team , family activities etc. etc. that I simply wanted to copy . No matter which way I tried to do that they wo n't play , ca n't be finalized and freeze up my system while in `` project '' . . My bad , I did n't do my research ahead of time . I should have checked the Amazon reviews first because my experience matches the overwhelming majority of those related here . In the future I will at least check with Amazon before I open the box no matter how good a deal that coupon is ! I bought a product that I am quite sure is n't worth any coupon no matter the amount ...
 If I ever buy another Roxio product , I deserve what I get . Year after year , Roxio continues to make garbage software that does n't work as advertized , hangs , creates coasters and more . The only decent version of their product that I 've owned is 7 , however , once you advance other software product beyond a certain point on your PC -LRB- Internet Explorer for example -RRB- , it 's no longer supported . Thus , I was stuck buying 9.0 . BIG MISTAKE ! There are a number of features on this product that flat out do n't work ... at all . There are others that appear to work , but at the end of the process , they hang the whole computer . It takes forever to start the product up and I 've got a fairly robust PC . Ever since the release of the product , negative reviews and bug reports have been rampant . `` Where are the fixes Roxio ? Oh ... I see ... you 'd rather just promote version 10 so that you can sell us all again ! '' Not me ... not anymore . I 've given Roxio too many chances and I 'm rally tired of purchasing buggy software . If you 're tempted to buy Roxio software , think again ! There are other options !
 When I bought a new computer I moved my Nero 7 to it and after burning a couple of discs successfully the computer began shutting down as if the power was turned off every time it started to burn a disc . Suspecting that Nero may be to blame I decided to give Roxio a try after reading the glowing description on Roxio.com of all the things it does so well . The computer still shut down when burning discs and after months of searching I located a forum that had the solution . The problem was a defective capacitor on the MSI K9N Platimum motherboard . After this was replaced I was able get acquainted with Roxio and evaluate it . Burning data to DVD was easy but copying my own DVDs was not always successful and very slow and very often locked up the computer which has a dual core CPU and 2 GB of dual channel RAM . It would not copy a copy without creating an image first . Although Nero took longer to learn , it had more user options and very dependable . Nero support had been helpful in trying to resolve my burning problem even though their software was not to blame and they responded promptly . So Roxio goes into the wastebasket and I will be upgrading to Nero 8 with full confidence .
 I had used an earlier version of Roxio 's Creator . When I tried to install it on my current computer I found that the older version would not install . Expecting a possible fault with the disk I purchased the newer version -LRB- not the latest -RRB- . The new disks appear to be manufactured by copying the program to `` home burned '' CDs . Now none of my four computers would read the program disk.There are better video editors with higher probability that you will not have difficulty installing into Windows XP .
 I really feel dumb about buying Roxio 's Creator Suite 9 . Normally I always look at Amazon reviews before buying anything , even if I plan on buying at the local retail store . This time , I did n't and am really regretting it . I used it to create a slideshow a couple months ago and it worked very slowly but at least it worked . Now , a couple months later and it does n't work . The slideshow assistant , VideoWave and all of the many products do n't work . I reinstalled and it still does n't work . There is basically no technical support available other than a forum which turned out to be useless to me . Save your money and look for another product , I sure am .
 Sonic , the current owners of this product suite , have a history of leaving bugs unfixed until they product the next -LRB- for fee -RRB- version upgrade . That was the case with EMC 9 , reviewed here , and I expect , if history is any judge , will be the case with version 10 as well .
 I have Windows Vista Ultimate and the software simply does n't work . I have tried everything including contacting their horrible support -LRB- email only -RRB- . This product has been nothing but a headache . I 'm looking to buy Adobe Premiere Elements , hopefully that 's better .
 This works relatively well for music files , but it is somehow difficult to use for photos and other files . Extremely frustrating . Consider other programs .
 I have bought many products and never written a review , but I feel that this product really is by far the worst purchase I have ever made . I should have done further research on it . The size of the Roxio support forum alone testifies to all the problems that people are having with this product . I have spent more time trying to figure this software out -LRB- and why it stalls , hangs at 0 % when trying to burn , or crashes -RRB- than making and editing my home movies . I feel you have to be an experienced programer to be able to work around it or apply some of the solutions posted on the support forum . The help menu on the software is weak and so is the manual . For the life of me , I could n't find how to keep the original audio on my home video ! Videowave insisted that I add music over the video . When I would preview the edited video , there would be no audio . That 's just one of the issues I have . Please do n't bother purchasing this software package . I 'm hoping the uninstall will go smoothly .
 This is mind-boggling . A software package that offers so much but is so unstable you ca n't trust if its going to finish its task or crash your computer . I tried on two ocassion to transcode a video clip and each time within 20 minutes the computer freezes . On another ocassion the computer rebooted . However , I think this has to do with the whether the computer is set to stand by or not . I 've noticed just before the computer is set to go into stand by it will lock up . But , this should not be happening because the computer is still actively working . Thus , this must be a flaw in the software 's programming . It 's a loaded program that can do just about anything with video and audio . Just too bad its riddle with major flaws .
 This is an older version I installed on an older PC . It did not work well at all for me . Extremely slow and difficult to work with . It may have been due to limited resources on the PC . I have now upgraded to a newer , faster PC with more memory and will try to reinstall and see if it improves the speed . However . I still think the software package is difficult to understand and use .
 This is a review of Roxio 9 . I found that once installed it wants to connect to the internet constantly , and after much experimentation I found this could not be turned off , as it was a BIG nuisance every time I booted up . I `` uninstalled '' everything using the start uninstall feature , but this did not help . The program keep trying to `` dial home '' , so to speak . Then I had to manually remove every file containing `` Roxio - a bit of a chore to say the least . They kept asking me to upgrade to version ten , but `` once burned , stay away from the fire '' ! The program was not all that user friendly , anyway .
 CAUTION . Do not install EMC 9 on a computer with Media Center 2005 . The internet is full of blogs on the disastrous results . -LRB- Of course I read them after I installed EMC 9 . -RRB- I am no expert but EMC 9 screws up a file called ehrecvr.exe that MC 2005 uses to find the tv tuner as well as other things I am sure.After installing EMC 9 , you will not longer be able to watch TV on MC 2005 , instead , you will get a `` tuner not found '' error . Even worse than that , ehrecvr.exe keeps looking for the tuner consuming 50 % of the system resources . I am not kidding , look in task manager under processes.I uninstalled EMC 9 but that does not solve the problem because it leaves things behind that do not uninstall.I have figured out how to turn off ehrecvr.exe so my computer has all of its resources back but MC 2005 can not find the tuner . So at this point , all I can say is that EMC 9 has wrecked that part of MC 2005 . It only took me 20 hours to figure out the above.DONT BUY THIS PROGRAM if you have MC 2005 .
 Stinks - stinks - stinks!I have a brand new Toshiba running Vista w / 2 gig of ram and a dual core 2 processor -LRB- T5500 -RRB- . After installing this software bugs and errors poped up everywhere . After calling Toshiba tech support -LRB- it 's inpossible to reach any support at Roxio - they should be ashamed -RRB- , I had to reformat my system and reinstall the system software . With a `` CLEAN '' system I tried it again and it took . Then I tried editing digital video with `` Videowave '' - after spending hours editing , when I went to `` produce '' the finished product it froze my machine . I had to unplug , and take the battery out of my laptop to get it working again . Tried again -LRB- not spending hours this time -RRB- and the same thing happened ... Then I tried simply burning my video straight to dvd without editing , which worked , but the audio is about 1.5 seconds delayed from the video . It 's like watching an old kung fu movie.It you 're running Vista , there is NO NEED to buy this software , Vista does everything it can do , and does it right ! If you 're not running Vista , I 'd still beware and look for a differnt product.In short , I ca n't believe I pated $ 70 for such poorly developed software . Roxio should be ashamed , I feel as if I 've been robbed !
 I installed it on my system mostly for Sonic DVD 's video editing and DVD menu creation . After installing the content DVD I got the dreaded mpeg2 codec error -LRB- see the Creator forum and do a search - this is a common problem -RRB- . After uninstall and full reinstall without the content disc -LRB- thanks for the coaster ! -RRB- , Sonic DVD will now load . Unfortunately it wo n't load a single mpeg2 file off my computer that every other program I have can either play or edit . Clicking the `` check for updates '' link under the help menu did nothing.Even though I told it during install I wanted a desktop shortcut , it did n't create one . The `` Home '' screen used to load , but since the reinstall it is gone ... I can only load individual applications.If the program is this buggy during install , and the main feature I wanted unusable , I can only imagine the number of problems lurking in this software . It gets old looking through their forums for solutions , only to find entries that say the user is the problem , or your hardware is the problem , or format your hard drive and reinstall everything . No thanks.However , if you 're looking to Nero 7 for the answer look again . These two companies are deadlocked in competition , forcing them to bring products to market before they are ready just to compete . Nero 7 has just as poor a rating as Creator . Find another alternative if you can ...
 I tried all recommendations attempting to get the software to burn a DVD.Nothing worked . Tech Support was no help . Uninstalled program and discsits in my cabinet until Roxio comes up with a patch for this program , or I 'll simply discard it .
 I have used Roxio Easy CD Creator for years and have generally been happy with it . Of all the software that is in EMC 9 , Easy CD Creator is the only one that seems to work well . This one piece of software is all that earns EMC 9 its single rating star from me.I just used the MyDVD software in this package to burn some Tivo programs to DVD . MyDVD is probably the slooooooowest , most miserable DVD authoring program I have ever used . I regularly use Pinnacle Studio and on occasion use Adobe Premiere Elements , so I know what is possible and what to expect . The only reason I can see for anyone to stoop so low as to use MyDVD for DVD authoring is when they want to burn Tivo programs - since MyDVD is the only software that seems to understand the Tivo format supported by Tivo Desktop.I 've attempted to use several of the other software pieces in this package and have noted many crashes and abrupt endings to my attempts .
 Purchased EMC 9 and loaded program , only about 50 % of he many functions launched with out errors . I then attempt to solve problems -LRB- no support numbers or info listed anywhere -RRB- went to the web site for info . Support consisted of ask Roxanne a datbase search and then a no response from a submitted form . If it loads and runs it may be a good deal , if it does n't you should have donated the money to charity . Check out the support before you buy or you will be sorry .
 This program is getting bad reviews for a good reason , it is a bad program . Roxio may have something up their sleeve in the future but do n't lose hours of your life sitting in front of your computer frustrated with this one .
 I used to have an older verion on Roxio on my Dell Pentium 4 and from the very start this program would constantly crash , lock up , and fail while burning CD 's . I used to think that my computer was too slow to handle the software . Well , I purchased a brand new computer with the newest version of Roxio pre-installed on it . Guess what ? It does the same thing . It crashes constantly . It fails constantly . It locks up . It ca n't even manage to do the simplest of things like properly register the software via the internet . I decided to compare Roxio by downloading a demo version of Nero . Wow ! What a difference ! Nero blows this product out of the water . I could n't delete the Roxio from my computer fast enough . Unfortuantely I was out the $ $ for their program . They do n't provide any sort of guarantee with their product . Do n't waste your time or money on Roxio software !
 by the time i gave up trying to install this piece of cr@p, i had torn what was left of my hair out , my face was bloody from pounding it against the keyboard and i had to borrow a neighbors computer to write this as pieces of mine are still stuck in the wall across the room.I would rather smash my genitalia in a hot waffle iron than ever attempt to contact their customer ` dis ` service again.if this sounds like your idea of a good time , go for it and buy this program !
 I am not a computer engineer but know a little bit about the computer , enough to repair , assemble , load software , and such.First of all they have not resolved their problems with the Windows XP operator system.I found that Easy Media Creator 9 has unlimited number of errors . It refuses to read simplest of audio files . . WAV . It freezes when combining simplest of video files ... AVI . etc. I will not buy another Roxio product and would never recommend one.Going to get help from `` Customer Service '' is impossible also .
 Roxio is responsible for some terrible software , and `` upgrading '' to this version was a mistake . After installation it saw my drives , then suddenly they vanished . Rebooting did n't help , but reinstallation did ... for the rest of the day . When I booted up the following day , my drives were gone again . Besides the fact that this software is activated , installing it each day is not something users should have to do . Besides , the software erroniously tells you to reboot your system at strange times.This product needs work . I probably should have tried Nero .
 In the past Roxio Easy Media Creator has been pretty good . Unfortunately , release 9 has all the polish and usability of something created by a couple of guys in their garage over a weekend . To start , Roxio forced me to uninstall my previous version -LRB- 8 -RRB- but in my case left behind 400 plus megs of no longer needed or usable files . After installation and on first use , the program choked and froze . Three tries later , it was still freezing at different points . The solution , according to Roxio 's help desk after three calls , was a fresh `` clean '' install . This requires you go to the Microsoft web site , download a hidden programs control panel and remove all the Roxio files manually , edit the register -LRB- dangerous -RRB- and on and on . There 's more but I wo n't take up your time . After a fresh clean install , it still crashes . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY OR YOUR TIME . Wait 6 months for a cleaned up version .
 Three weeks into trying to de-bug this dreadful software , and three weeks into NO tech support -LRB- `` Roxio Support '' is an oxymoron -RRB- , I filed a complaint with Staples , from whom I had purchased it . Staples took my complaint seriously and used its influence to get a Roxio rep to call me . Finally the Roxio rep conceded that do to , er , `` issues '' with the software , it is not capable of doing the rather pedestrian tasks I needed , tasks by the way which version 7 did with no problem . I demanded a refund but they refuse . As far as I am concerned I have been defrauded by Roxio and will NEVER again buy ANYTHING they market .
 This program completely freezes my computer while encoding -- EVERY time . Having spent over three hours on the telephone with tech support -- almost an hour of it waiting for a person to answer -- I have found NO HELP in solving this problem , and according to the person I spoke with , this company has no physical address , no email address , and there are no supervisors at the company . Tech support can not call out , you can not email them directly , and the tech support have no phone extensions . I have never been so disgusted with a company . I may as well have lit $ 70 on fire than to buy this useless ripoff .
 I am so frustrated with Roxio . I have been using it for months now , and like a number of it 's features . They can do a lot of things in one package . However , I 'm finally fed up with the product . For the umteenth time , I pull it up to work on something today and it fails to let the part I want to run open . The main screen comes up and some of the features work fine . However , features that worked fine last week do not now . You can click on them and they just fail to start up . I run an extremely well maintained and fast computer and do n't have problems like this with any other software . I will now have to reinstall the program YET AGAIN . Maybe you are supposed to just reinstall it every time you want to use a feature ? Maybe that 's the plan.I 'd give this a 5 for the value if it did n't keep failing and requiring installation or some fix . It 's nearly beyond useless to not work so often when you are trying to get something done .
 I tried something relatively simple - create a DVD using myDVD . Roxio kept crashing with a `` pure virtual function call '' error message . So I removed 4 of the videos that were apparently causing this error , and let the program steam ahead overnight to run the conversion . In the morning the status was stuck on 16 % complete , and would n't budge for the rest of the day . Roxio needs to do more beta testing on this product so that it can detect wmv videos it can not encode . The features look nice but I do n't have much patience for buggy software .
 I have had nothing but problems with this flea-infested mutt . It is criminal that they released this thing when they did . Apparently it is all about making the holiday buying season regardless of quality . I will never buy another Roxio product .
 This software is a waste of time , money and frustration . Despite the fact that I have a computer that is top of the line , it has shut down at least a dozen times while trying to use this product . The dvd I created `` re-created '' itself so I had to keep editing , re-editing -LRB- you get the idea -RRB- . Forget the label making feature . It makes solid black labels , which take forever to scribe using the Light Scribe.There is no tech support to speak of -LRB- and if you ever do get a human voice , you have to pay for the privilege -RRB- . I ca n't believe they have the nerve to put this product on the market .
 Despite having a new computer , this software would n't load from either of two dvd drives , and had to be copied to the HD to load . Once installed , it wo n't burn dvds from either drive , it rips audio tracks at half the speed of older versions of the program , and when uninstalled left portions of the computer inoperative . If you have a problem , you must pay $ 35 to speak to someone about your troubles . Alternatively , you can send them an email , and then wait 24 hours for a response , write back , wait again , etc. . They do have some techs available via chat , and if you are really patient you might get help . And then , they blame problems on your equipment , other software , drivers , etc. -LRB- though everything you have is current -RRB- even though all this stuff works fine with other software programs .
 I wo n't belabor all of the faults of this program since so many others have pointed out that virtually nothing works properly in this suite . It is typical of much of the software coming out lately - rushed to market before being fully tested , trying to do too much and ending up doing nothing well . Roxio has no answers , just wants to blame hardware even if the same hardware works fine with similar programs . Every problem I had with this suite with errors , hangups , and overall performance do not exist with other programs I use on the same equipment . I really suggest that whatever your needs , find a program that does one thing well and does n't require special resources that are not delineated in the products specified requirements . I do n't recommend buying anything from this company .
 roxio basic came on my new computer , but the audio cd 's I burned would not play on my older boom box . I found this out after making 4 copies . It did play in my car tho . So I upgraded to suite 9 with all the features . I saw that it can make wav files , so maybe that would play in the older boom box . When I tried to copy an auido cd this time it said 25 hours estimated time remaining . Then it kept going up to 33hours then 60 hours . After 1/2 hour of waiting I canceled and started over . Everytime I did this the same thing happened . I tried communicating with Roxanne but there was n't anything close to my problem . So i gave up , and I was gon na call them today . But after reading all the negative reviews I think I will forget about that and try to uninstall and reinstall first . I upgraded for 49.99 plus 16.99 for a backup cd . maybe my credit card will let me get a refund .
 Roxio Creator Basic 9 came bundled on the new Windows Vista PC that I just bought . Using the Roxio program , I 've been able to capture VHS tapes and turn them into video files on the computer , but I had to go buy an expensive -LRB- $ 40 -RRB- composite-to-S-Video converter cable to get decent picture quality , and even with that cable the picture on the PC does n't look quite as good as on the VHS tape.That aside , I 've found that using both the Movie Maker software that came with the Vista operating system and the Roxio program together , I can get decent DVDs with a lot of time and effort . But the Roxio program tends to crash a lot , making me start over often.What really bugs me about the Roxio software though is that it absolutely refuses to burn a CDR without leaving SOME gap between tracks . I convert a lot of live audio tapes to CD , and having that gap between songs is really annoying . I switched to `` Disc at Once '' mode , and the gap got smaller , but was still there . I tried everything else I could think of , but could n't get rid of the gaps . Eventually I discovered that the Exact Audio Copy program -LRB- a free download off the web -RRB- has burning capability , and it works 100 % better than the expensive Roxio software -LRB- EAC leaves absolutely no gaps between tracks -RRB- . Like many others , I previously had good experiences with Roxio software -LRB- my previous PC used an earlier version of Roxio as the CD burning softare , and it worked well -RRB- . Version 9 is just too buggy and has that `` gaps between tracks '' problem . If the software had n't come with the computer , I 'd never use it . I would be really mad if I had paid specifically for Roxio 9 . Avoid .
 Just bought MyDVD 9 -LRB- the DVD creation module in Easy Media Creator -RRB- . After installing it , uninstalling it , and reinstalling it , it still does not work . Will be returning to Amazon tomorrow . Read the other reviews . This is one of the worst pieces of software ever created .
 myDVD would hang up during the preview process . Software is not worth the money at any price if it does n't work .
 Bought this program . Intalled it . Tried to copy home dvd movies . Roxio locks up . reboot . still does n't work . Piece of crap software . save your money and go buy Nero .
 This software should be the most up to date and easy to use . But you must have the patient of a saint as It takes forever to open and then when you want to use video capture or any other video part of this software it is a 50-50 percent chance it will work.It keeps freezing I dont know if there is a problem with any other part of this software but it seems to be the biggest waste of money .
 You may as well take your money and throw it into a stiff wind . Buggy software that sparked huge computer repair bill . Tech support abysmal . Beware the MPEG-2 warning . No repair patch . Avoid . Avoid . Avoid .
 Installed the product . Because of numerous crashes , I then unsinstalled the product . The product failed to completely uninstall , giving numerous C++ errors.Now my Windows cd/dvd-burning facility is brain dead . I will probably have to do a Windows re-install . Attempts to call Roxio support have been in vain.VERY DANGEROUS PRODUCT . DO N'T USE IT !
 This product has been very hard to install the security functions becomes a real fight . It keeps trying to install additional unwanted programs after I have tried them and uninstall them . As a Graduate student in Computer Science these guys do not make it easy on the user .
 Roxio Easy Media Creator would not retain closed captions from any MS-DVR -LRB- Microsoft XP Media Center -RRB- to DVD . Roxio/Sonic Solutions failed to recognize the needs of Deaf and Hard of Hearing customers .
 Roxio 6 was a lot easier than this one . I ca n't listen to CD 's on it , I ca n't upload my pictures . This is very complicated . I you do n't have must know how about computers , and if you do n't , this is not the one for you .
 Installation was ok . Horrible issues : - hangs with no reason . Sometimes simple click on Browse to save . -LRB- My machine is new m8120m Quad processor . - Simple SVCD file size is 10 times larger than uLead or Adobe products which I tried . - Audio capture does n't work at all . Support says your hardware does n't support it.OkVideo wave - Video editing software in EMC 9 is worse than freebies in the market.I strongly recommend to stay away until they release some patches ... 9.1 or so.I 'm asking for refund ... if they don ; t then will dispute . Going to try Pinnacle Studio 11 and will post the review
 Bought this in December after seeing that Roxio 's site stated it was Vista compatible . It is n't . Since that time I 've been trying to get a version that will work on any of the three Vista systems I have and none do . This includes the v. 9.1 that Roxio sent me links to download . Specs
 Many users are having numerous issues with this `` so-called '' Vista enabled release . I have a brand new HP dv9000 with Vista Ultimate x64 and Roxio 9 Basic bundled . The HP bundled version of Roxio works . I purchased the Deluxe suite via download from Roxio . It will not install correctly . If you do a search through Google and the Roxio user forums it is blamed on the OS maker and a `` patch '' is coming -LRB- by Roxio which belies the claim that another company is to blame -RRB- . Of course , the validity of this is irrelevant - I bought the product today from the Roxio website which clearly stated that it was compatible with Vista -LRB- including Ultimate x64 -RRB- . This `` bug '' means that IS NOT true . And no information is given by Roxio or its official support channels . You have to browse through hours of people having the same Vista issues on the forums . I would strongly recommend not purchasing this until they get it TRULY Vista enabled . Luckily , I purchased on my Visa . BUYERS BEWARE .
 We had purchased the Me & My Mom game for my son a few years ago and he loves it . Lots to do , fun and interesting story , great graphics , and he loves the songs . Me and grandma has none of that . The story is boring , the graphics are much less sophisticated and its just all around inferior to Me and My Mom.I guess the true test is that my son still reaches for Me and My Mom to play with and has n't touched Me & Grandma after the first week of owning it . Too bad . Makes me leary about purchasing another one .
 iMovie 08 is a nice video ASSEMBLER , not a video editor . * No Chapter Markers for iDVD * No Share to iDVD * No timeline * No ` Save Frame ' -LRB- Great for making DVD art -RRB- * No frame-accurate editing possible . You can not stop a clip at a specific frame * No granularity -- only global audio changes allowed * Loss of multiple audio tracks * No sound on import * Loss of plugin support * Can not change transition speed after inserting a transition without making global changes * No audio waveforms * Can not vary clip speed * No pause control for titles * Can not play audio over black -LRB- when the clip is over , so is your audio . Apple knows best ! -RRB- * Can not select a sequence of clips to move elsewhere within the movie * Can not overlap audio tracks -LRB- again ... no multiple tracks -RRB- * No themes * Can not extract audio -LRB- of course , you ca n't do much of ANYTHING with audio in this thing -RRB- * Can not import projects from older versions without losing , well ... everything important.iMovie 06 can do all of the above.iMovie 08 is fine to assemble a 3 minute video to share on youtube , but it lacks many of the features that are needed for longer projects or if you want to make a DVD of your movie.iMovie 08 should be called iVideo , or iTube . I think Apple will eventually go from 3 video editing programs to 4 , and the upgrades to iMovie 06 will continue.iMovie 08 is a nice video ASSEMBLER , not a video editor.Want those missing capabilities ? Apple has great video-editing programs for you , iMovie 06 -LRB- iMovie HD -RRB- or Final Cut Express they are Great .
 I can not believe how many hours of my life I have wasted trying to get this upgrade to work . I should have listened to the reviews ! Ever since I installed a software update online for iDVD , I have not been able to burn DVDs that can be watched in regular DVD players -LRB- video too choppy -RRB- but at least I could watch those DVD using my Mac . Now that I 've spent money to upgrade to ' 08 , the video quality is SO poor that the DVDs are of no use to me at all . The video wo n't even preview in iDVD - freezes two seconds in . Complete waste of money . Wait until Apple gets its act together before you waste your money .
 The very first time I hooked up my Canon SD850 digital camera to import into iPhoto 8 what happens ? Crash . Reimport . Crash again . Nothing but crashes.iPhoto then says there are photos that wo n't import and would I like to reimport . Saying yes results in a crash . Restarting then gives the same `` would you like to reimport '' message but with double the number of photos . Repeat and it will crash and ask to reimport 4 times the number of photos . At this point I stopped trying , but I assume iPhoto would continue doubling the number of photos to import until I ran out of disk space.I appears Apple did no real world testing with this product before release . This upgrade has almost been as bad as the transition from iLife 4 to 6 -LRB- the difference being that upgrade completely destroyed all my libraries and keywords . I had to manually reimport thousands of photos by hand -RRB- . Apple does many things well . Apple also continues to have serious quality control issues that are still not being addressed .
 Are you a novice planning on learning 3d software ? Are you used to consistency in interfaces ? Then do n't buy this software . The interface is illogical , difficult and slow to learn . It breaks many common sense ideas/rules about software generally , -LRB- why put several functions at the bottom of the screen for example ? -RRB- . Be prepared for a huge learning curve here , even if this is the top end of 3d software it still is in my opinion poorly designed .
 I 've been a CorelDraw/PhotoPaint user since Version 8 . I used it on a PC , on a dual 200 MHz Pentium system , and found it to be a very useful and stable product.Now I am working on a Mac and this has all changed . I bought v11 hoping that they had eliminated at least some of the problems in v10 . Nope . The constant crashes are still there . It crashes if you Undo a Fill , it crashes if you import an EPS file ... on and on . It is MORE crash prone than v10 . I am working on an iBook , and all my other apps are rock solid . Except CorelDraw . Furthermore , the software is god-awful slow on an iBook . Maybe a dual G5 would give you some performance , but my dual p200 was faster that this.Also , the PhotoPaint scripting that allowed you to make movies and do other useful things is gone . Completely gone , and I understand it was removed from the PC version as well , for GOD KNOWS what reason . Why , o why , does Corel think it is progress to REDUCE the functionality of your software?If you liked the old versions , you are not missing anything . Stick with v9 . If you are working on a Mac , do yourself a favor and find a different tool . Corel is not making any advances here , they are not fixing bugs , and they are not going anywhere . It 's a very unfortunate end to what used to be a very nice piece of software .
 Corel Corp. is very unreachable , unfriendly . You 'd better already know how to use the graphics program because the tutorial is a dry ` help ' button . I 've had problems with the program interfacing with Windows XP and crashes have been frequent . The website is difficult to navigate , find answers , and Corel is definately hard to reach . Emails go unanswered -LRB- `` due to the volume of emails we receive we can not guarantee a response . '' -RRB- A $ 25 fee is expected per question . Web pages come up blank , update downloads wo n't go thru , and when I registered and was given a password that was supposed to give better access , the password would not work . After being assigned another password , the access is the same . The program does list minimum system requirements , but did not include video card specs . 32 ? 128 ? 256mg ? When asked , Corel said they could not ` recommend . ' Then who can ? I am a graphic artist but not literate in CorelDraw specifically . I 'm trying to teach myself this program by following a book and a CD . However , many actions are not available as instructed . It is not user friendly and appears I 'll have to learn a thousand steps when I need to know how to do two . I 'm a longtime fan of their wordprocessing program , WordPerfect , but I 'm so unhappy with Corel that I would n't recommend it either.When you spend $ 400 for a computer program , I feel help and tutorials should be more available . BJ Lewis Eagle Point OR
 As a die-hard user of CorelDraw and Photo-Paint since way back to Version 6 , I recently -LRB- and excitedly -RRB- made the jump to Version 11 . Corel graphics apps have always been easy to use , comprehensive , and stable . But not anymore ... Since installing Corel 11 , it 's become painfully obvious that the jump was a major mistake . On a machine that includes the Macromedia MX Suite , Photoshop 7 , and AutoCAD LT 2004 , the Corel Graphics Suite 11 has been an unstable , bug-ridden , resource hogging pain in the proverbial behind . I built my computer , and it 's a finely tweaked , blazing fast , graphics demon . And of course , all of my other graphics programs work just fine on it . But not Corel 11 . Until Corel actually addresses the endless number of serious flaws and bugs in this latest suite , I can not recommend it to anyone.The only reason I did n't give Version 11 just -LRB- 1 -RRB- star is because of the simple fact that Photo-Paint is easily the most underrated photo-editing/bitmap creation software on the planet . -LRB- When it 's actually working right ! -RRB- There 's not anything that I can do in Photoshop that I ca n't do in Photo-Paint ; and I do it all at a fraction of Adobe 's ridiculously high price . -LRB- I only own Photoshop because certain clients expect it . -RRB- Unfortunately , the new Corel 11 has me using Photoshop a lot more these days , and using Photo-Paint 8 on a W98 machine.In summation , one reviewer said it best ... this one 's definitely `` dead out of the box '' .
 the lesser THIS IS THE CASE being better ADOBE unfair buisiness practices MAY NEVER BACKFIRE ON EM , CAUSE THYVE BEEN an apple CLONE , like their customers , theyve been using the same software update after update till THEIR BRAINS HAVE TURNED TO mush , COREL IS BETTER THE BOX IS BETTER , they have a few MORE ARTISTIC MINDED PROGRAMERS AND ITS EASIER TO use ,
 I bought this to work on some files created by a colleague with a PC . This is the slowest , buggiest , most confusing program I have every used . It takes about 3 minutes to load the file -LRB- on the PC , only seconds -RRB- . It takes 30 seconds to save it . It takes probably 15 seconds to redraw every time anything is moved or changed . I tried to export to illustrator so I could get something done , but gave up after Corel had created a 180 MB file -LRB- from a 3 MB original -RRB- and was still cranking away . It crashed upon trying to create a PICT file.The user interface is confusing . I ca n't seem to do the simplest things , like find colors in the pallettes . The text editing is awkward . This is exactly the sort of program one gets after a version 11
 Text handling still -LRB- lacks -RRB- . Re-draw times are slow , slow , slow . Still have n't fixed that annoying bullets problem . C'mon , they 're bullets ! They should n't be this painful to use.And where 's the Web stuff ? Man , there 's no reason to buy this software anymore.Stick with Illustrator and Fireworks . CorelDRAW 11 just does n't cut it .
 Oh , to think I actually paid money for this terrible package . it 's slow , it 's buggy , and it 's quirky . I bought Illustrator at the same time , planning to return the one I did n't like . Well , CorelDRAW is on the way back .
 Oh man . I did n't think Corel could get any lower than when it was revealed that they used Adobe Illustrator to design the packaging for CorelDRAW 10 . Well , they somehow managed to sink to new depths with this disastrous release.CorelDRAW 11 is just plain bad . Cumbersome file sizes , lousy text handling and so sloooooooooooooooooooooooooow.These guys should stick to clipart .
 Corel is still the slowest most inefficient `` Drawing/Illustration '' software out there . These other two reviews are almost certainly not legitimate consumer opinions.If you want a half-baked but `` feature Packed '' package to play with , knock yourself out , if you are a professional avoid at all costs or at least bring a book to read so you can keep yourself awake while waiting for Corel to sort itself after ever minor function . Horrible stuff .
 This program is one of the worst I have ever purchased . Fisrt - it will not run with NORTON running -- even though it accesses the internet . That alone makes me want to not use it . Had to call support to get it to load and after 30 minutes and 2 reboats , it still will not run correctly . Going to take them up on their 60 day refund policy .
 When I installed this software , I received a DMA.exe error and the program halted . I tried this on both XP Home and XP Pro systems . If you want to run this program under Windows XP -LRB- either Home or Professional -RRB- , it will not work . All of my systems , both Home and Pro , have Service Pack 2 installed , so I do n't know if it works on non-updated systems.If those are the versions of Windows you have available , then you should probably get the Magic Artist Deluxe version , which claims it can run on XP .
 I agree with the first review , however , by starting it over and over again , sometimes clicking the mouse durring the intro , it eventually starts . When it does start I agree with the second review .
 My son was so excited to get this game as we lost ours in a fire . Just to find out that it does not work on Windows Vista or his new Mac computer ... . Total bummer ... I had to rate the game low because I could not play it . If I would have been able to play it then it would have gotten 5 stars .
 Connecting via wifi was a hassle -LRB- secure , but a hassle -RRB- and the printer sharing did n't work for me . File sharing did work.The program really slowed down my old Pentium4 so I dumped the McAfee Wireless and used the Windows XP networking options . I recommend using the basic Windows XP features before you go out and buy this product . You might not really need it .
 This is a great old noir film , typical B-feature . I saw this as a child and was haunted for a few years by its eerieness . But , this DVD appears to be a copy of something shot off a movie screen with a camcorder and its visual quality is just at the threshold of human perception . The low price made it attractive enough to revive my memory of the more visible original .
 This product is not forward compatible even if you manually change the compatibliity run mode of the application in Windows . My machine is Windows 7 Pro 64 bit . No upgrade option is available through Symantec .
 They game itself is pretty cool . My 5 year old loves the seek and find . However , if you have a newer MAC - game is not for you . I believe it runs @ 800X 640 , freaks out things in my experience . Numerous times , locked entier MBP requiring restart every time . I also have it installed on XP - works better .
 Be forewarned . There is no mention by Amazon that Math Blaster Algebra does not work with Windows 64bit . My daughter and I spent hours trying to find a fix researching the publisher 's web site and talking with their customer support . We finally gave up and returned the CD to Amazon .
 I have always used the other well-known office suites in the past but when I received an offer on this suite at a significant discount , I thought I would try it . I should mention I 'm a doctoral student in the middle of a dissertation , so the challenge was to migrate important data and documents into WordPerfect and Quattro Pro . While I was able to get it done the Quattro Pro interface with SPSS , which had worked seemlessly with the other spreadsheet , failed horribly . Not to mention the complicated details of what should be simple document formatting -- the Visual Basic Editor kept freezing or denying me access.Invest in a better product if you have serious work . I 've gone back to the benchmark office suite product .
 Will not run on the newer PC with 64 bit Windows operating systems . Applies to all with 64 bits OS - Vista - Windows 7 - Windows XP .
 My 41/2 year old played this game one time and found it pretty boring . I like the fact that is assesses their ability but the games are so repetitive . It does n't have enough choices for them . I ca n't get him to play it again . We also have the Jumpstart game for Kindergarten and he is crazy about that one . I was hoping that the Reader Rabbit game would interest him as much based on what other reviewers said . He may have liked it better if we had n't been playing the Jumpstart game already .
 This game does not work with Windows Vista . I have no idea if the game itself is good or not since we ca n't even load it .
 this is a wonderful game for a computer all though I can not play it in my lap top for my child she has to go to my mothers to play this game , you should put in your details what computers this game will work in
 Reader Rabbit Personalized Kindergarten would not install on either of my XP machines . Install stops at 85 % due to the presence of a malicious file on the disc called `` dssagent.exe '' which will attempt to install malware `` dssagent.dll '' . It does n't matter whether or not you turn off the Broderbund software updater option , it still does the same thing . Research on the internet indicates there is a problem with this particular title and various other Broderbund titles -LRB- arthur , carmen sandiego , etc -RRB- having this malware on the disc . Do your research before you buy ! We also purchased the first grade edition which installed without a problem and compared the two items and found the bad Kindergarten set has different artwork than what is pictured on Amazon for this tiem . The first grade edition has the vertical blue bar on the right hand sidethat says '' # 1 in schools '' in upper right hand corner . The defective kindergarten program did not have this design on the artwork AND IS VERY LIKELY A PIRATED COPY . Also the Kindergarten copy does not have any mention anywhere of where it was printed or manufactured , has no bar code , and says the Learning Company on it . The First Grade disc that worked was made in USA by Selectsoft and has a bar code . This was sold by another seller BUT FULFILLED BY AMAZON so be careful . REMEMBER , MAKE SURE YOUR DISCS ARTWORK MATCHES THE PICTURE ON AMAZONS SITE EXACTLY OR YOU MAY HAVE THE BAD VERSION I GOT .
 Unless you have a system that came over on the Mayflower , this old , pong graphic having , junk of a game , WONT PLAY !!!!
 I 'm running Windows 7 and it wo n't install because the software does n't recognize anything beyond Windows XP . If I had known this I would never have ordered it !!
 My son hated this after about ten minutes of play . There are 4 things to do and they are just the same thing over and over . If you are in your twenties , you probably remember this game from school as a kid . My brother did . It 's the exact same game and it looks like it and runs like it ! Do n't waste your money . I tossed this in the trash and today we bought a subscription to -LSB- ... -RSB- the phonics one and he LOVES it !
 I can not install this game on any of my computers . It is not compatible with 64bit Operating Systems . I tried Windows XP embedded mode from Virtual PC . I somehow got it to work on a Window 98 virtual machine . However if I get my 4 year old to manipulate virtual machines and the computer at that level , I do n't need this game I can as well send him to college .
 I have no idea how good this product is because it wo n't run on OS X . It says it does , but after hours of fruitless attempts , I have to disagree . Furthermore , the Learning Company does not provide phone or email support . You will have a horrible time if you buy this and only have OS X ! The product says it is compatible with system 7.1 or higher , so they are indicating that it works with OS X. Amazon says on the product page `` OS X '' . So in my opinion both companies are responsible for the waste of my time . Do n't let them waste yours .
 WARNING !!!!!! If you have a 64 bit version of Windows , these CDs will NOT work !!! And there is nothing on the CD that states whether you can run on 32 or 64 bit . The software company does not seem to be able to send me a version or allow me to download a version that is compatible with 64 bit.Thankfully , it 's not an expensive software . But still - a little warning would have been nice !
 If you purchased your computer in the past three years , this will most likely not work on your computer . Although the description said it was Windows compatible , it will not install . I am so disappointed because I purchased four Reader Rabbit programs . It was a total waste of money .
 would never buy again . it says its for pc and mac but it would not let me load on my computer
 Our classroom needed some newer software for preschool children so it could be used on Mac computers with OS X . At time of purchase I was n't aware that this software was so old it requires the old Apple OS 9 system . Although this software is excellent , we already have lots of old Reader Rabbit software . So , my purchase of this outdated product was pointless .
 This would get ZERO stars if it would have let me do that ! Opened it for my 4 yr and it does n't even work . What a waste !
 When I finally upgraded to Windows 7 , -LRB- Windows 95 or Higher stated on the requirements -RRB- my older versions of Reader Rabbit simply stopped working and would shut down . As I have a 3 yr old in the house , I decided to upgrade to a newer version on Reader Rabbit as well . Wrong ! Not one of the 4 programs I purchased will even install . `` Not compatible with this version of Windows . Contact the publisher '' Contacting the publisher results in a message that email and phone support are no longer supported . Thanks Riverdeep for nothing . Only 2nd grade had a patch and that was for the calendar.I even tried to install it in compatability mode to Win XP with the same result . Will not install.We loved the Reader Rabbit programs for our older children , and it 's a shame that Riverdeep took it over from Learning Company and then allowed it to die . Maybe I could buy an older Win 98 machine , or slice up my hard drive , install 98 , and install it on that for the childrens ' use only .
 This is one of those times that I should have read the reviews before I bought . I have a 64 bit machine and this software company does n't support that ! Geez . Just glad this was n't expensive ! Very unhappy !
 Too bad , this looked like the best software anywhere in the price range . Unfortunately , they do n't advertise which systems for Windows 7 it works on , and if you were planning ahead , and got 64-bit , do n't bother buying it . Bummer .
 Can not review this product since it will not open on either the Mac or Windows 7 . Software version too old .
 As stated if you have a 64 bit computer version will not work . Comapny would not reply to emails or phone calls . So then it is a waste of money . If I could I would give it zero stars .
 This would be a great Game accept it is to old to play on the current Mac Computers so the reason I ordered the game was because I believed it would play on my Mac and I even have a 4 year old Mac and It is still to new to PLay this Game !!! once again Mac is more complicated then Windows and I am more an more thinking I need to Switch back to Windows . If you Have Mac dont buy this game !!!!
 We bought this one and the zoombinis and both did n't work on our computer beware should have know when one did n't work they are both by the same company and many of the reviews said the same thing .
 My little brother was going to try it for the first time . I used to love these games when i was little . We have Windows Vista and we poped in the first disc in -LRB- it has two of them -RRB- and ... it didnt work ! We tryed a hundred times but it would n't work . So if YOU have vista and have a Wii OR DS , get the new wii or DS versions that came out this year -LRB- this verson was made in 1999 -RRB- .
 Aside from 1980 's graphics , this software does n't teach kids . It takes several steps to even get to an activity , then when the child finally figures it out , there is no correction of errors . The activity just continues with the wrong answers.I am an educator and was very disappointed in this software . I threw it out after one try .
 For 2007 Quicken - Intuit no longers supports electronic linking to your financial accounts . As far as I 'm concerned , this is a major drawback . I ended up buying 2010 Quicken and scraping 2007 . The seller did his job so I have no issues with them . Buyer beware .
 If you own a Mac and use OX-X Tiger or later , this is NOT the device for you . It may be fine for a Windows/PC user . ColorVision phased the Plus edition out toward the end of 2004 . Their support for it is quite limited here in the middle of 2006 . Mac users with OS-X Tiger or later OSs will discover that synching a printer profile with their monitors can not be done with the included software . There is also an annoyance in performing this synching even if you use a Widows-PC . In order to synch your monitor with your printer , you must scan in a color chart . Should you lack a scanner , or not have one available , again , you will not be able to create a printer profile and hence synch your monitor with you printer - which is the sufficient purpose of this device.You will , however , be able to re-profile your monitor such that it will show colors consistent with some objective standard . This may come much closer to your printer/paper profile than the image presently displayed on your monitor . This device may be very useful to owners of older Mac OS operating systems -LRB- although while it is consistent with OS-X , I do not know how old or whether this software was created pre-Panther OS -RRB- and Windows PC users - should they have scanners on line . Apparently that 's who the designers of this device had in mind . I have returned my Spyder2Plus in exchange for a Spyder2Pro , ColorVision 's currently supported product , which I hope will allow me to competently profile both my monitor AND my printer . I look forward to favorably reviewing that purchase in the near future .
 Originally , I thought the interactive format of this product would facilitate my learning Mongolian . However , there is no English transliteration . Also , the speakers ' pronuciation is not that clear .
 Amazon Marketplace Issue
 Want to waste a lot of time when you could be writing your masterpiece ? Buy this `` program '' . Face the facts
 This software does provide a framework to organize and expand your story ideas but the framework feels a little too rigid as it forces stories down a canned path after a few preliminary questions.The guided mode took me through the increasingly complex process . At first it was great , helping me flesh out my characters and challenging me with questions about their motivation . Once I got to the part were you outline scenes to mesh your idea with the prefabricated story arc it started to irritate rather than help me.All the character and story information you enter is stored in several disjoint views making it hard to print out a report that showed the flow of what you had input . I like using a word processor for writing my stories and typing my work into text boxes without so much as a spell checker bothered me as well.Finally it saves everything you enter in a proprietary binary file format which makes it difficult to pick up the outline and start working with it in a standard word processor .
 This will hurt your brain . A detailed book needs to come with the software . It 's too complicated and confusing . Do n't bother with this if you use your basic instinct to write stories . Otherwise , you 'll have to learn a whole new way of thinking just to enter a character description . I gave up working with this software in less than a week . Save your money for something more productive .
 I bought this hoping to use it as an editing tool for my writing . It is not at all what the description purports it to be . It has an extremely long learning curve and the user is expected to plug into the software writer 's idea of novel creation , rather than provide tools of support to enhance or streamline the writing experience . The clipart employed for distinguishing the characters is completely hideous . I do n't know who this product is intended for , but in my opinion , the description of the software 's intended purpose is completely misleading . At the risk of sounding cliche , I would still say that this is a nightmare rather than a dream .
 I am sort of a newbie writer in the sense that I have written short stories for my own personal enjoyment as a child and teenager but have not until now -LRB- in my 30 's -RRB- sought to publish anything . I have n't written in at 7 years and I have wanted to start writing again and to eventually get my work published . As I suffer from serious writer 's block , I looked for a software that could help.I have made two important discoveries :1 - Celtx - free software - is phenomenal . It is like a word processor . You open it and you start writing , which is what a writer should do . Just write everyday without cumbersome technical limitations .2 - Writer 's Dream Kit - $ 50 - Is simply awful . You are n't writing at all in this software when you begin . You answer a million questions first , none of which gave me better insight into my story or characters . I only got it because of some positive reviews here , but I should have taken the bad reviews into consideration . If you are a newbie writer like me . This software will not help . After I got it , I just stopped writing for weeks , so exhausted was I from all the deep thinking this software required.If you want to write , think of a topic of interest . Once you know what you want to write about , MEDITATE on your story , the plot , the characters , the motivation for each character , your own motivation for writing on this topic , etc. . Just meditate with a pen your hand . In my case , it was a pencil . When I opened CELTX , it took me 10 minutes to figure out how to use it for novel and scriptwriting . 2 months later , I have a full rough draft of my script and my novel.If anyone wants my Writer 's Dream Kit , please contact me . I 'll hand it over for free . It plagued me with question to the point where I lost interest in getting my story out.Writers , believe me , just write . As you write , the story takes shape in your mind . Only when you are done writing the full thing should you pause to edit/rewrite/ponder . Good luck to everyone!Jucelle
 I 've written one book without the use of such software and I thought that it would be great to try this for a second book . I tried and only get words to come up and can never get it to form any type of story . I 'm like another reviewer , `` Maybe I 'm green to this . '' I think I 'll stick to the old fashion way . At least I can see something `` create '' before my eyes instead of wondering how to do it . Myhappiness goes out to those who can master this program .
 I purchased the product two years ago when I was drafting my novel . I went through the menus and tried to use them to outline my story and characters ... my head still hurts . I got some index cards and outlined each scene , character , narration and a year later self-published my novel . To this day I look at the cover box of this product and shake my head ... then I suddenly stop , because I remember it makes my head hurt even more .
 This was given to me as a gift in order to help me write short stories . There was really nothing to this software except some hack 's cliched views on what story development should be . This is not only a waste of money -LRB- in my case it was a gift -RRB- - this is a waste of time for anyone trying to figure it out .
 Perhaps I 'm green to all of this , but in the description of Dreamkit 4.0 it states that there are templates for novels , screenplays etc. . I thought a template was a formatted blank form to start on my screenplay with all the correct margins , formatted tabs et al. . Well , once I called technical support , they admitted that `` the wording should have been clearer '' about the templates . There are no formatted forms . Also , for those who are not computer elitists , this program is confusing and frustrating . I ended up using the trial software -LRB- included -RRB- and found Screenwriter 2000 perfect , easy to understand and well organized . I learned the hard way , and ordered Sreenwriter 2000 .
 I suggest saving yourself the $ 34.49 and instead investing in a Bickpen and one of those little black journals we used in school . All this program is good for is keeping a record of character , plot and motivation . Frankly , all you need is a couple pieces of paper for that .
 This software is the cheap version of Dramatica , so it is based on the Dramatica theory of story . I tried the software ... It does not work at all . It will not even install on my PC . I hope Amazon will refund my money ... Concerning theory , I would stick with McKee 's Story and Vogler 's Hero 's Journey . The Dramatica theory requires an almost complete re-learning of story theory . Instead of writing your screenplay or novel , you waste a lot of time learning Dramatica 's terminology .
 The problem with most novel-writing software I 've been testing is that they involve a lot of `` writing before the writing . '' While some planning is good , the amount of data entry these programs require detract from getting actual pages written , and the reality is that all those plans will likely change as you write anyway.This program is no exception . I find all the initial set-up to be cumbersome without yielding benefits that might ultimately actually streamline my process in the weeks or months ahead . -LRB- By contrast , for example , Final Draft - a screenwriting program - stores your characters ' names so that you only need to type the first few letters and press Enter . You can also toggle your scenes from script to outline and back again without re-entering the information . -RRB- As for the more theoretic stuff , the story prompts are clearly taken from screenwriting which is formulaic due to the time contraints of a film . -LRB- For example , the lengths of scenes , act breaks , and total number of pages are far more restrictive to fit a 120-minute film than the scenes , chapters , and total pages of a novel . -RRB- Because a novel can be far longer than a 120-page screenplay , there 's little here for creating stories with complex plots , for tracking subplots , or for creating backstory for characters . Instead you get a generic list of ` themes , ' some of which are surprising vague.If you have little or no idea where your story is going yet , or if you 're a writer whose work evolves , this program will be more hindrance than help . If you 're the meticulous type who likes details of the minutae and rarely deviate from your outline once it 's set , this may help you .
 I downloaded the Dramatica Pro 4.0 demo as well as the 350-page theory manual . I found it to be an AMAZINGLY helpful aid to writing a complete story.The product description for DreamKit read similarly to the Pro version , and I could n't tell any differences by the product descriptions . So I called the company up , and the most specific information that the guy that I talked to could provide was that the Pro version `` offered more features '' . Since the cost of this DreamKit is significantly less than the Pro version -LRB- and you can get an upgrade credit from DreamKit to Pro -RRB- , I decided to try the DreamKit first.Perhaps those that have n't tried the demo may find this software somewhat entertaining , the DreamKit IS ALMOST WHOLLY INCOMPATIBLE with Dramatica theory , as it leaves out major features required by the theory.For instance -LRB- for those of you who have used the demo and are somewhat familiar with Dramatica theory ... -RRB- , there is no way to plot each individual `` throughline '' . The theory manual states that each throughline must be mapped out to ensure story consistency and that only with the aid of a computer can this be done.Another glaring ommission is that character motivations are broken down into only 16 basic components -- Dramatica theory calls for them to be broken down into 256 components.I recommend saving your money and purchasing the Pro version if you are able .
 Bought this program and could n't even instll it . I run XP Pro and inserted the CD . I could n't get passed the `` Ket Code '' screen , it would n't accept the code . Called Tech Support and got nowhere . Sent it back to Amazon for refund . I am sure there are better applications out there . Spend some time looking .
 There are books that are far more creative and interesting and more likely to help a writer get it out and on to the paper . I bought this thinking it would do just that . However it was problematic from the beginning just to get it to work on my com-puter and when it did smooth out a bit I realized why I do not like Hollywood and american movies as a rule
 I bought this because I am an inspiring romance writer . This was an `` ok '' program . It only lets you write everything you want to put in each scene and then you can print it all out . But if you do n't know what you want to write yet , it does n't give you any ideas or anything . I suggest buying books to help you learn to write instead , and then just using plain old microsoft word !
 I would give this program negative stars if possible !!! Not only is it confusing it is not the least bit helpful . I only regret that the box was destroyed . I am out -LSB- of my money -RSB- for nothing !
 I do n't know what I was thinking , but this really did n't answer my questions about organizing my project . As for assisting with writing ... really , the writing process is about creativity and knowledge of the subject matter , neither of which can be aided by this kit .
 This software is super-dysfunctional . The instructions are terrible , the interfacing is terrible and the plans for creating a manuscript in any of the genres are terrible . I bought it three years ago as a gift and then found out the recipient did n't want it . I 've tried off and on to get some value out of it myself
 I recently purchased The Writer 's Dreamkit two weeks ago to be exact . I was so excited after reading all the reviews . I decided it only cost a couple of dollars let me try it . I 'm still trying to figure out this product.I really do n't see it as being helpful . I can definitely do without it . I just decided to try it and see for myself . I really would n't recommend it to anyone . I think it 's really a lot of hype.Instead of it being a creative tool , it more turned out to be a science project without instructions .
 I bought this Kaspersky at Fry 's 2 days ago & it made my computer slow at start , EXTRMELY SLOW when I opened MSN messenger and AOL browser at the same time . I have a pretty good computer , 3Ghz processor speed , 1016 MB , 211 GB free hard space with DSL connection speed at 1.5 Mbps . I had Norton Internet Security 2005 before , and it never caused my computer to drag like it is now ... I 'm so disappointed with this product , it slowed down my computer to a point that I had to unplug it , in order to turn off the computer ! Emailed Kaspersky tech , they blamed it on remnants of previous Norton antivirus ! I did remove ALL of Norton , but computer is still slow with this Kaspersky installed . After Uninstalling this crappy software , computer performed like it used to , super fast and to those of u who saw good reviews on this prodct , do n't believe in those people ! This product is a bad choice !! A waste of money too !
 Based on the rave reviews I saw on Amazon below I bought and installed Kaspersky AV Persona 5.0.1 -RRB- On the plus side , it found several Trojan horse programs and deleted them .2 -RRB- On the huge negative side I can no longer run Internet Explorer -LRB- blank window opens and then shuts -RRB- , nor can I use Windows Media player , same thing happens .3 -RRB- Another big negative - No support ! I emailed support telling them of my problems but received no reply.If I can uninstall this thing , I will go back to Norton or McAffe .
 I recently downloaded a trial version of Kapersky Internet Security 6.0 . IMMEDIATELY after downloading the program my computer experienced all sorts of problems -- extremely slow , certain programs not working , error messages poping up , etc. . There is a list too long for me to remember . I then tried to uninstall the program and COULD N'T ! I dont ' remember how , but eventually I managed to uninstall the program . However , after it was `` uninstalled '' -LRB- i.e. , if you went to add/remove programs it was n't there -RRB- , it was still sort of there -LRB- if I opened up Outlook , on the Windows start up menu -RRB- . And what was worse , it was still causing problems . I tried contacting customer service , but COULD N'T because in order to contact customer service you need a product key , but since this was a trial version there was no product key . So , I sent a letter to sales which responded that I needed to contact customer service . Eventually I called -LRB- Russia -RRB- and someone offered me minimal help which did NOT solve the problem . I finally found on their forum something which solved the problem -LRB- and note , I actually have n't told you all the problems that it caused -RRB- . Btw , lest you think the problem was with my computer , my computer is only 3 months old and did n't have a single problem until the VERY SECOND that I downloaded this program . That 's why I say that whatever you do DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM !!!
 I recently made the big mistake of downloading the Kaspersky Internet Security 6.0 program on a 30 day trial basis . The program immediately slowed my computer and interfered with downloads to the extent that quicktime players , for example , would not install properly . Like M.Morris of Israel I tried to remove the program via the the control panel and could n't . It is also impossible to turn the program off . As I have a new computor I will reformat the hard drive and nuke this pest program out of existence . Be warned .
 I bought this sucker right here on Amazon because I toohad read the glowing reviews . I wanted to try somethingother than McAfee and Norton and chose this . Had noproblem installing it , but it scans constantly -LRB- and I have excluded many filetypes and folders fromscanning , with little improvement -RRB- . It can take 5-6hours to do a complete scan , and interferes with almostevery program I use . It has caused printer errors , freezes my graphics program and always hangs thecomputer when I shut it down.Don ' t buy this headache ! Phone support is non-existantand email 's go unanswered for several weeks -LRB- if they ` reanswered at all -RRB- . Install it and you 've got yourself the `` HAL Version `` of anti-virus programs -LRB- HAL -- as in `` 2001 , A Space Oddessy '' -RRB- -- it takes over your machine , slows it down to a crawl , and can be a nightmare to uninstall . You 've been warned !
 As another reviewer wrote -LRB- George Washington -RRB- , I saw the positive reviews and was influenced by them . This is a true dog . I too contacted -LRB- no phone -RRB- by email Kaspersky , received a number , no reply , then emailed them with the number , again no reply.A donation to the Salvatiion Army or a charity of your choice is preferable . Like the other commentator -LRB- George Washington -RRB- , go back to Norton or McAfee . Both are superior.This does n't merit a one , but it 's the lowest allowed . It merits a minus 10 !
 I am in pro audio and know software very well . This thing does n't work . It is totally non-intuitive and was a waste of money !
 This is a very aggravating program to use . Unless you 're entering notes with a MIDI device , creating scores with a mouse is beyond tedious , requiring many clicks and keystrokes to enter each note . Guitar TABs , in particular , are exteremly tedious to enter and change note values . Even the most basic functions seem counter-intuitive and do not work in the traditional point-and-click/copy-and-paste manner . Once you invest five or six hours learning the quirks of this interface , it is very powerful and allows you to tweak your scores in many ways . The customizable MIDI playback is very well integrated , even allowing you to apply things like swing time to the playback , and offering decent choices of instruments sounds . Still there are many annoying limitations : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Selected items show up in blue , which is almost impossible to distinguish from non-selected black items ; there is no way to customize the highlighted color -LRB- 2 -RRB- MIDI playback does not recognize Segnos , Codas , nested repeats , D.C. al fine , or any other similar play directives ; it can do only simple repeats and 1st/2nd endings -LRB- 3 -RRB- lyric entry and selection is very cumbersome -LRB- 4 -RRB- precise tempos are impossible to set during playback using the `` tempo slider '' -- the slider jumps too far when you try to fine-tune it -LRB- 5 -RRB- there is no way to shift a phrase of notes forward or backward in time -- for example , if you have a quarter note followed by six eighth notes , and then you change the quarter note to a whole note , it will over-write all the eighth notes without allowing you to shift those eighth notes back in the score -- this means you have to re-create parts you already entered if you change the timing of a note that came before it.All in all , I like the end product , however tedious it may be , and the price is certainly appealing . But I find myself wishing I had sprung for a more full-fledged notation program .
 I purchased this product when it was released in '98 and found it to be an enormous waste of resources for the money . I returned the product immediately because the tools and utilities on this disk ran very poorly -LRB- slow to boot -RRB- or with system crashes at every launch . Moreover , similar and better designed `` gizmos '' included in this suite are all available online for free download . However , at the current price , this may be someting `` buy and try '' to debug . If you need worthless utilities , this is the disk to purchase .
 This software looks great on paper and I 've read plenty of positive reviews , but I 'm having major installation problems that IBM 's technical support team seems incapable is solving . Halfway through the voice analyzation procedure , the software simply stops recording , thus rendering itself useless . I 'm very disappointed with ViaVoice and will return it for a refund .
 This does n't work . It prints back garbage . It was recommended to add a `` signal attenuator '' for our sound card , but this hasbeen impossible to find . NOBODY carries such a thing . Very frustrated and disappointed -- was a waste of money .
 This does n't work . It prints back garbage . It was recommended to add a `` signal attenuator '' for our sound card , but this hasbeen impossible to find . NOBODY carries such a thing . Very frustrated and disappointed -- was a waste of money .
 I was very dissapointed with this product ! The USB headset that comes with it will not work on all 3 of my comupters ! I contacted Plantronics , and they told me it was n't compatible with the Intel USB chipset on my motherboards . 3 Computers , and I ca n't use the thing!Also , ViaVoice keeps crashing my computer . It works great when it works , but I 'm afraid to use it be it causes my otherwise stable system to lock up every 15-20 minutes or so . I think this product is still buggy and not quite ready for prime time . Buyer beware !
 I tried both Via Voice 8 and 9 . For the most part I still prefer L&H ; Voice Xpress V. 4The accuracy of IBM Via Voice V 9 is better , but lacks featurs such as adjusting the microphone level found in Voice Xpress.I see that version 10 of Via Voice is out as an upgrade -LRB- a change in the previous policy -RRB- . I would have considered spending the $ 90 or so bucks to upgrade and get the mike control for background noise , but I never got my $ 75 rebate from IBM for purchasing Version 9 a year ago . You can get Voice Xpress V 4 -LRB- standard -RRB- with the Platronics DSP folding headset for the price of the Upgrade cost of Via Voice alone . A better way to go if you are on a budget .
 This software can recognize voiced speech , but it takes several hours to configure it so that it does n't make lots of mistakes.For a person who has Arthritis of Carpel Tunnel this is a great program , but they likely will need to voice out commmands for several hours to ready the program for near errorless preformance .
 This is not a review for this version , but a comment on IBM 's update policy . I have an earlier version of ViaVoice , namely the Millenium Pro version , which I previously wrote a positive review about . However , if I want to update to the newest version I have to pay full price , since IBM only allows users who bought the previous version within a narrow , specified time period to get the upgrade price . Everyone else has to pay full price!Not even Microsoft who has often , deserved or undeserved , been called predatory , has to my knowledge never had such a restrictive software upgrade policy towards end-users . This is outrageous , and it certainly makes me want to look for alternatives !
 Beware ! This product wo n't work with Windows NT or W2000 ! It only works with W98 or Me . If you have W2000 you must buy the Professional edition ... which does n't seem to have any real additional features , it just costs ... more .
 This product is a total disaster . The ratio of correctly translated words to words the software misinterprets is roughly 8:1 at best . In my estimation it is unusable . Stay away !
 When I purchased this for my PC , I was thrilled . It was truly interactive and a fun program . It got me moving and I raved about it.However , a few weeks in , it simply stopped working . I went to the website and tried to use the PC patch , but it did n't work . I discovered from the message board that , not only were many people experiencing the same problems , but that the makers of the program had stopped responding to any tech support issues . In addition , they seem to be involved in a huge law suit.Now , to be fair , my understanding is that the folks who bought and are using the Playstation version are not having the same technical issues . I do n't own that version , so ca n't speak to that personally.I loved the program and should they ever solve their legal problems and tech problems , I would try this again , but right now I feel as though I wasted my money .
 I thought this seemed like a really good product , especially after reading all the reviews of how everybody loved it . It turned out to be quite the opposite . I did a few workouts with it when I got it but then did n't do anymore until a few months later -LRB- yesterday -RRB- and I was reminded why I had n't used the dvd for awhile . Her exercises in a workout are very repititous . She has several periods where she gives you a break during the workouts . It advertised that there were lots of different exercised in the workouts . I have n't seen to many different ones . I was really excited to try the yoga but that made me upset too . She gives you a sequence of yoga poses to repeatedly do for about ten minutes straight and then for the last ten minutes she changes it and does another sequence of yoga poses to do repeatedly . I was hoping for a new pose each time . If you want to substitute your own moves instead of hers doing the workout and during her `` break '' times then it works alright . It also defeats the purpose of buying it except to track your progress which I 'm sure everyone can do on their own . In summary , It looks like a great new fitness equipment that will solve all your problems but do n't let appearances fool you .
 I initially enjoyed the flexability of having different types of exercise . I got the version for my computer and had too many problems with it skipping or stopping . I eventually stopped using it and use P90x now .
 The concept of the software is great , but I have yet to complete a workout running the PC version on Windows XP without the software crashing . Going by the comments on the support website , this type of problem has been unresolved at least since 2004 . A very disappointing purchase .
 Just received in the mail today . Attempted to run it and it 's a no go . Say it 's incompatible and I do n't meet the minimum requirements and I do n't have enough video ram . . That has to be such a crock . I bought this laptop specifically for gaming . . it 's juiced up -LRB- or so I was told -RRB- . I have windows 7 and was told if I run it in compatibility view it should work great . Nope . Tried running the individualized troubleshooting for compatibility for the program and it starts to load and then nothing . Any help would be great because I ca n't even go to the website for technical help like the manual says as it seems to not exist anymore . PLEASE HELP !! At this point it gets a zero 'cause I ca n't even use it . So disappointed .
 I seem to have made the mistake of purchasing this product just before the product was discontinued by microsoft . Is n't this the case ? and if so , why is the product still being sold by Amazon ?
 The testimonials scattered around the internet encouraged me to buy this product . After experiencing the product and having an unsatisfying interchange with their customer service , I am fairly sure that most of the testimonials are plants.Some recommendations :1 -RRB- The product only works with ShoutCast . To see if these are the stations you would like to record , first go to the shoutcast web site .2 -RRB- Before purchasing , it is highly recommended that you download the free trial from the audioxtract web site to see if the product will work for you .3 -RRB- Do read through the FAQs on the same web site .4 -RRB- Know that you will need DSL or cable to use the product as it is advertised .5 -RRB- Also know that if you are as dis-satisfied as I am , you will be able to experience the wonderful efficiency with which Amazon.com handles returns .
 After forking over 50 for this garbage , installing and then not using for a while , I was prompted for an ID and pass code . WTF ?! I did not spend my cash so I could monkey around with this , especially after tossing everything else . . Ahhh , the utter nerve and greed of these companies .
 What you have is vaporware . You need activation from Internet after you enter id and password . There is no activation . Server does not respond . Online key which does not exist .
 The company that developed this product is out of business . What you are going to receive is some leftover junk that requires a `` patch '' to operate . The product does n't do nearly the job advertised . The `` Pro '' version is no different than the standard version and neither will record audio streams from sources such as Rhapsody.I have no problem with the seller . He did n't know .
 I have used Audio Extract Pro for several years and found it to be for the most part useful , but recently have had some problems with the manual record function . I have been attempting to contact their tech support for two weeks now and have been completely ignored . Not even an acknowledgment let alone a solution to my problem . I purchased what I thought was a DVD of the new version which finally arrived after several weeks and found that it was a nonfunctional with Vista old version.If you use this you are on your own . Tech support is just place holder on their website .
 I own this app and it 's awesome ! I literally filled an MP3 player in one afternoon with new MP3s using Audio Xtract on my PC . I recorded 6 streams at 128kbs and it was amazing ! Then I moved it all to my player , no problem there either.The exciting part is that I just got an email from their support that a new pro version is coming for the holidays that records literally anything , including iTunes and all the internet radio streams out there . They said updates are free , so no need to wait I guess to get free music .
 I purchased this software several months ago and was working fine until recently when all of a sudden it just stopped working altogether . Whenever I would try to run the program it keeps asking for the license # -LRB- which is not supposed to do this , only when installing the software for the first time -RRB- ; so I enter the # anyway and every time I get error messages . I did this over a few weeks while at the same time emailing tech support , 5 times already and have not gotten any response from them . I 'm thinking they may be shutting business ? Who knows , but do n't understand why they 're not responding to my emails plus I also emailed jambalaya brands , the company and it bounced back to me as undeliverable so my thinking could be right.Jambalaya Brands or Audio Xtract people , if you 're reading this , do n't cheat your customers by not responding to their emails or if you 're closing business , then stop selling your products to the public!Anyway buyers , be aware before you decide to purchase . -LRB- BTW , I uninstalled and reinstalled the software to my computer but got the same results . -RRB-
 I purchased and installed this product and ran into a brick wall , that precludes its use as a serious development tool . My real rating is 0 stars.Filemaker does not use tab controls . It gets around this shortcoming by requiring that a separate layout be designed for each tab . Importantly this is not just for the information on the tab , BUT FOR THE WHOLE COTTON-PICKIN layout !!! Then when a user clicks on the tab `` button '' , a new layout is repainted over the old . Even though Filemaker provides the ability to copy a form , I have found that the repainted forms `` jump '' and give an entirely unsatisfactory visual experience . Like watching a web form flicker repaint over a slow dial up connection.Filemaker appears to be a maintenance nightmare . If you have a layout with header information and with a five tab area , and you wish to change the header information -LRB- field width , color , etc. -RRB- you have to change it five times on each layout!I thought the purpose of databases was to normalize information , that is to reduce redundancy in data storage . Filemaker may reduce this redunduncy , but it it adds it back in spades when it comes to application development!The screen flicker caused by full screen repaints and the large number of forms required to accomodated simple tab displays makes this a no brainer . Filemaker is fine for your receipe or CD collection database , but forget about using it for serious development .
 I have been using Money 2002 since its release and find it really usefull for tracking bank accounts and stocks . I have never found the added features beyond this basic functionality all that useful , if not broken . I recently downloaded the trial version off of Microsoft 's web site and installed on my second machine . Read the fine print if you do this -- you will end up with an upgraded database that is not backwards compatible . I will not be upgrading to the 2005 version . While some of the annoying bugs have been fixed -LRB- displays not fitting on the screen with no scroll bars -RRB- , I find that the basic functionality that I need has not changed from my earlier purchased version . The other features still do n't work all that well for me and I do n't feel like spending money for a new look and feel . On the positive note , their online banking seems to be simplified somewhat and it seems to work a little better than the older version , but not enough for me to want to upgrade . Sometimes the whistles and bells just get in the way with software and this is certainly the case for Money ' 05 . If you are not upgrading and looking for a money management software package , I would recommend this software for you . Its relatively easy to use and seems to work pretty well . On an interesting note , I looked at the reviews here when the 2003 and 2004 versions were released and they were mostly negative . Looking back after a year , the reviewed comments improved . the trend seems to be general complaints after the initial release and then more positive comments referring to the ` previous ' versions for the new upgrades . If you are not sure , download the trial version from Microsoft and see if it works for you -- you have until January 2005 . I 'll give Microsoft 4 stars for the trial program . Without it I probably would have upgraded and been very disapointed .
 I made the mistake of being an early adopter and upgrading from 2004 to 2005 . Yikes ! MS changed the way that the product downloads financial data from institutions , and they obviously did n't put together a real-world test plan , or they would have uncovered the bugs that plague this version . I had to `` roll-back '' to Money 2004 in order to get everything working again.Here 's two examples of fatal problems :1 . I have an IRA account at Vanguard . So does my wife . And we have a Joint Money Market Fund account . Money 2005 does n't understand that the Joint account is ONE account . First it downloads my IRA data and the joint account info . Then it downloads her IRA data and then sees the joint account and thinks it is a 2nd account ! Now I have TWO joint accounts and -LRB- supposedly -RRB- double the money . You ca n't stop it from doing this - there 's no way to turn that off . And if you delete the account , it thinks you want to delete ALL the accounts at Vanguard . OMG .2 . I manage an account for my MOM . It 's her money . I have a 2nd Money 2004 `` data file '' with just her account info on it . Money 2005 downloads her account info into my data file , so it appears as part of my family assets . It 's not - it 's my MOM 's money . You ca n't tell Money 2005 to ignore an account at a financial institution like you could with 2004 . It 's all or nothing.STAY AWAY FROM THIS UPGRADE UNTIL MICROSOFT FIXES THESE BUGS AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THESE ARE NOT ISOLATED EVENTS BUT REAL PROBLEMS.By the way , I contacted Microsoft Support , and the tech said that the Product Team was sorry I was having the problem and I should take advantage of the 30-day money back guarantee to get a refund . Unfortunately I did not keep every scrap of original packaging , so I am unable to do that . I have nothing against MS , I am a shareholder and have been a long-time Money user . But this cake ai n't baked yet . Stay away .
 I agree with almost every negative review on this board . In comparison with 2004 edition , this one is just plain HORRIBLE . It looks prettier -LRB- kind of -RRB- , but that 's as far as it goes . I 've been using MS Money since 2000 , and I 've enjoyed every upgrade ; they 've all been quite satisfactory save this monstrous creation . I have n't just used Money only , I 've tried out Quicken 3 times , once back 4 years ago , another a year ago , and a week ago . It 's too inflexible & the graphs stink.Every time I do an internet update , it duplicates every account with some generic name -LRB- I track 3 checkings , 4 savings , 2 credit cards , 1 cash on hand , & 2 loans -RRB- . I am NOT going to rename all the accounts again & redo every transaction with all the splits.As far as MS Money 2005 goes : I tried to do an update with CapitalOne , and it failed time after time . It also took flipping forever to do any of the updates ! I wish I could have let the default setting NOT update news articles . I 'm here to balance my checkbook , track settings , & budget , forecast , I do n't care about news . I would love to elaborate further , but the arteries in my forhead would explode from my frustration.Because I could n't even get the program to KIND OF work , I wish I could give it ZERO stars . I refuse to spend countless hours -LRB- more -RRB- to try to get this piece of crud working ; pen & paper IS BETTER than this program . Back to 2004 I go -LRB- until they release a HUGE compilative fix for all this poo -RRB- .
 Imagine if Microsoft Word crashed every time a period or capital letter was used or when opening saved documents some of the paragraphs appeared twice . Such is the state of affairs of Microsoft Money 2005 . I have been using Microsoft Money since 1996 ; while it was never perfect , it basically did what it promised . I have also used the portfolio manager on the MSN website which is a subset of the Money program with a similar interface . Others have written about problems downloading bank and credit card statements ; this review will focus on the portfolio manager.The portfolio manager is the part of Money that keeps track of investment accounts . It is not unusual for multiple income families to own quite complicated investment portfolios including 401Ks , IRAs and college savings accounts . Something went very wrong in the fall of 2004 when Microsoft upgraded their software to Money 2005 . Gone is the ability to analyze a single account or groups of accounts ; you are forced to analyze your entire portfolio . When entering new equity transactions , Money used to allow you to simply enter the trading symbol and it would quickly find the name of the company and other information , now you must follow a wizard and enter the information by hand . Previously , you could enter a back dated transaction and it would guess a price using the closing price for the day -LRB- this is very useful for watch accounts -RRB- ; now you must manually enter the information.The worse part has been the removal of the associated cash accounts . I never really appreciated the separate cash accounts until Microsoft removed them . For those unfamiliar with software , here is the basic concept . Say you own an account with a discount broker like Fidelity or Vanguard that holds six mutual funds . Associated with that account is a cash account in which you add and remove cash , collect dividends and conduct other transactions into and out of the account . When you sell a mutual fund , the proceeds are put into the cash account ; similarly , cash is taken from the account when you buy shares of an investment . Prior versions of Money created a distinct cash account associated with a specific investment account . You could open the account , view the transaction history and correct any errors . In Money 2005 , when you create a new account it simply asks for the initial cash balance . Money then automatically mismanages this account by recording dividends twice and mishandling sales proceeds . Furthermore , money will not allow you to record interest dividends , contributions or redemptions . There is no way to view the history at all ; Money simply gives you the current value in a little box . When errors occur , the fix from Microsoft is to simply change the amount in the little box to the correct value . If you access the cash account too often it begins to create multiple cash accounts labeled # 2 , # 3 leading to cash account nightmare.Microsoft did an upgrade to the software this weekend -LRB- May 20 , 2005 -RRB- . They have added more features and unfortunately more bugs ; I have not noticed anything that has been fixed . New problems include
 Great software if you believe that software designed to satisfy the the interests of the corporate sponsors is the reason you should pony up your hard earned money . Feature rich , yet disappointing . I downloaded the trial version when Quicken informed me that yet again I would be required to update from a usable version of their software to one that has been universally panned -LRB- another issue but since these are the only real viable choices for personal finance it 's the rock and the hard place -RRB- First it would not import my Quicken files - claimed they were corrupt . Ran Quicken file repair utility and got a clean bill of health . Still would not import . So I decided to start from scratch . 20 weekend hours later I was up and running . Re-creating a budget was the most frustrating and time consuming of all tasks . Navigation between budget creation and budget category edit functions is abysmal . In fact navigation in general is poor - I frequently found myself 3 or 4 clicks away from the screen I wanted to get to - assuming I could remember the correct path at all . Some items referred to in the help could not be accessed at all UNTIL I discovered that to access them I first had to modify my `` Home Page '' to make them available . Poor , amateurish GUI design meant mostly to provide lots of opportunities to present various online offers . Microsoft would like users to sign up for a . Net Passport and store their data on their servers ... NOT ! This can be worked around however as long as you are careful to turn down all opportunities to do so.Most unbelievable - after actually purchasing my full version copy and installing it , it would NOT OPEN MY MONEY FILE that I created in the Demo version . Claimed it could not find it or that it was read only . Uninstalled , reinstalled demo version and was able to open it right up . Reinstalled full version - same problem . Only after attempting to create a new file was I prompted to get an update that appeared to cure the problem.I would not recommend this software nor would I buy it if there was any acceptable alternative . Unfortunately there is none . This is a product that is designed for the benefit of Microsoft and it 's corporate partners - NOT the end user .
 I bought Microsoft Money 2005 thinking it would help me get a grasp on my post-college finances . And it would , if it ever worked.For one thing , the auto-update from bank account feature is a joke . It only works maybe 10 % of the time , and every once in a while it would stop working for a week or two at a time . When that happened one time , I decided to try to send in an email to MS. . . they ask for your Product ID but its impossible to get to because of ANOTHER error . And then I tried to delete the accounts I had in there and re-add them but it didnt allow me to do that.This program is a sad , sorry joke and I am puzzled asto how Microsoft could gain a foothold in this software genre with junk like this . A total waste of money .
 I downloaded the trial and installed it yesterday . I 'm not upgrading from a previous version of Money - it 's all from scratch . My experience so far is that , the product would be a joy to use , and the many features would be very useful , if it all worked . Here 's what happened : I set up several accounts to track various checking accounts and credit cards , and it all seemed to go well - I was impressed . However , when I attempted to create an `` American Express Card '' account , for some reason two are created , the first called `` American Express Card '' and the second `` American Express Card # 2 '' . I deleted both and tried again a couple times with the same result . The second account is automatically updated with transactions downloaded from the Amex website , while the first remains empty.So I attempted to delete the first -LRB- empty -RRB- Amex account , and a dialog appeared saying that if that account is deleted , all my `` American Express Card '' accounts will be deleted , prompting the question `` WHY ? '' . Anyway , I decided to simply `` close '' the first account so that it would not appear in my account list and I would n't have to worry about it . I should have left it that.While working with the second account , however , I noticed the `` Merge duplicate accounts '' in the left hand pane , so I reopened the first Amex -LRB- empty -RRB- account , and then attempted to merge the two Amex accounts . The dialog that appears is confusing , but I saw two drop-down lists . I chose the first Amex account from the first list , and the second from the second list and hit the merge button . Both accounts promptly disappeared from my accounts list.Upon investigation it appears that I apparently misunderstood the dialog and merged each account with two entirely different bank accounts , so that all my Amex transactions are mixed in with my Bank of America transactions , and there 's no way to undo any of it . The only thing to be done as far as I can tell is to delete all my Money accounts and set them up again from scratch , and just hide any duplicate empty accounts that Money creates and forget them.Perusing the help , I saw the Contact Us link and decided to send some feedback Microsoft 's way . However , clicking the link opened an Internet Explorer window to a Microsoft generic web page indicating that the `` page you are looking for does not exist '' . This is a less than stellar user experience , obviously.The trial version does n't expire for me until February , so I 'm going to continue to evaluate it . The product does have some useful features that I 'm hoping to take advantage of , but again , you can release a product with a million features , but if they do n't work , then they might as well not exist . -- update -- Continuing to evaluate , I recreated my Bank Of America account using the `` New account '' wizard . After I provided the wizard with my username and password to login to my BofA account online to download my statements , it was unable to connect to the account . I tried several times , and then decided to download the statements and import them manually . However , when attempting to import , the `` Import a file '' dialog box asked me to select the account to import into from a drop-down list , but my Bank of America account was not in the list . I closed and reopened the program and tried again , same result . I 'm stymied . My only option appears to be to click the `` New '' button in the import a file dialog in order to create a brand new account in which to import my statement , but not only am I asked questions that I was n't asked when creating the account via the `` New account '' wizard -LRB- why ? -RRB- , but in the end , I 'm going to end up with two Bank of America accounts , one of which I will have to delete.Why does n't my Bank of America account appear in the import a file dialog drop-down list ? Not only would this save a lot of hassle , it 's what 's SUPPOSED to happen . Again , great features , but if they do n't work , then they 're not features .
 Oh gosh where do I begin , # 1 Money Express -LRB- bill alerts -RRB- is gone . They want you to in turn use . NET to view all your important data online and you still do n't have bill alert . Who in their right minds wants their financial data online !! Schmucks . # 2 For some strange reason I thought I could import QIF files successfully into Money , this is so funny . Money tried to perform complex math such as addition and subtraction and I could not get a correct balance to save my life . I was shocked that the program just could n't add/subtract at all . # 3 If you for some chance get curious and decide to try MSN Money -LRB- . NET/Passport -RRB- , Money 2005 will lock your Money file and you 'll have to sign into . NET to view your money file . They say it protects your file . I think it just makes it easier for them to spy since you 've logged into the . NET . Ok After some frustration , I decided to heck with it I 'll try to go back to 2003 . Gosh what was I thinking . 2003 could n't open the 2005 file and kept asking me for the . NET password that I typed in correctly but the program says is wrong . Cool , so I 'll just install 2005 and open the file and just deal with it . 2003 somehow corrupted the file and backup file just by looking at it so I lost ALL my financial data . I beg you PLEASE PLEASE do n't upgrade to 2005 . Im sticking with 2003 and I have Quicken 2005 as a back up . Sometimes less is more . Gosh the team that wrote 2005 should all be led out to pasture . Im posting the software to ebay for $ -5.00 , I 'll pay them to take it from me ! Also do n't buy the software in the store like I did w/o reading reviews first . I bought it thinking , `` I like 2003 , 2005 will be much better '' . Boy was I wrong .
 I have been a user of Money for years , and I love -LRB- d -RRB- it . However , my upgrade from 2004 to 2005 has been so problematic and frustrating . I can not recommend that anyone purchase this product.Money 2005 decided it would be fun to duplicate all of my transactions , and split every split transaction into several separate and unlabeled , uncategorized transactions . This caused my balances to be off in several accounts by as much as $ 80,000 ! And for some inconceivable reason , Money then decided to TRIPLE many of my transactions , leaving me with a lovely -LRB- but completely incorrect -RRB- account balance of $ 122,000 . This problem occurs not only in my accounts that I download to , but also in my hand-entered accounts , like cash.In addition , all of my categories have been tripled.I have spent days waiting for email responses -LRB- both of which were completely unhelpful and did not address my problems -RRB- , and I 've spent over an hour on a long-distance phone call -LRB- Why in the world does Microsoft not provide a 1-800 number for tech support ? Is it because they know they will get 100 's of calls a day ? -RRB- , getting incredibly lame responses like `` oh , just delete those hundreds of accidental duplicate transactions . `` I find this product to be incomplete , frustrating , time-consuming and useless . I will be going back to Money 2004 .
 I upgraded with the 2004 TaxCut package to MSM 2005 Deluxe from the 2003 version . After 2 hours on tech support , I still get locked up and have to use task manager to end the program . Save your money this program is crap . I had to archive all my records -LRB- ' 98-2004 -RRB- that MSM 2003 kept w/o incident , because 2005 could not handle the data . Tech support thought that 's why 2005 over charged my processor -LRB- pentium 4 -RRB- . Then I had to download what I had to MSM 2004 so it could convert to 2005 . Apparently this lock-up is a common problem with XP users . I will likely switch to Quicken as I can not return back to 2003 -LRB- thanks to MS tech support converting my files -RRB- . Buyer Beware keep what you have if it works .
 The reviews for Money 2005 are very good -- I suggest reading them all to see what you 're in for.The big problems for me were :1 -RRB- The ability to have separate category and subcategory lists was removed from the transaction form2 -RRB- I could n't easily use the ` Transfer ' category , especially in a split category3 -RRB- Annoying duplicate account creationOn the first problem , Money 2005 uses just one combined category-subcategory list , so when you enter a transaction , you must choose a category-subcategory from one big list . I prefer two distinct selections because it 's quicker to enter and easier to find my subcategories . Microsoft provides a Registery edit in the following Knowledgebase article : http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=kb;en-us;889931I used the edit , and my separate lists are restored . Great , but I am irritated that Money 2005 removed this option and provided no way for a user to change this behavior short of a Registery hack.On the 2nd problem , my ability to ` Transfer ' amounts to different account was resolved once I split my subcategory lists from my category lists using the above Registery hack . Now , transfers operate as they did in Money 2003 , which is the last version I was using.On the 3rd problem , one financial institution has , for the 2nd time , downloaded duplicate accounts . I hope it 's an anomoly , but we 'll see . Other accounts operate fine.I have n't explored the strengths of 2005 yet -- this was just post-upgrade issues I 've wrestled with over the New Year 's weekend . On the surface , does n't look like much new is useful to me.On the matter of online bill payment , I already had that through Wachovia bank -LRB- formerly First Union -RRB- . I guess what 's new is that Microsoft now makes bill payment through Money work with many institutions . Since Wachovia already provided this function , I do n't think I 'm adversely affected ... or benefitted -LRB- though Wachovia dropped the $ 6 monthly fee for using Money 's bill payment function -RRB- . One final piece of advice
 You want an honest review ? Save your money.I switched to Money 2004 Deluxe and was so happy to get away from Intuit -LRB- Quicken -RRB- . I laughed for a full year as I enjoyed Money 2004 Deluxe immensely.Then I `` Upgraded '' to 2005 Deluxe in January . What a mistake.As other reviewers have mentioned , it is full of bugs and removes features that were in the previous version.I repeatedly requested a way to set up multiple home page views , as I did in Money 2004 . The car page , the home page , etc. . I was stonewalled and finally they simply refused to answer me straight out when I wanted a simple answer `` is the feature no longer present ? `` Then I sent an email to support regarding 3 bugs I 've been putting up with for 2 months .1 -RRB- Automatic Sign-in to Hotmail no longer works after running Money 2005 . Until you reboot the computer .2 -RRB- Accouts do not automatically update anymore , you must manually force the update .3 -RRB- The `` Hide this window '' for the updating message box does n't work . The software never remembers you want the window to stay hidden , so you must constantly close it every time you update.The answer from support ? -LRB- paraphrased -RRB- `` We can reproduce all 3 of these issues and they 've been reported to the developers . Unfortunately we can not guarantee these features will be added to Money 2005 . Send them a suggestion . `` These are n't features , they are BUGS . They should have been fixed IMMEDIATELY . After 2 months they still are n't doing anything about them?Latest issue
 I would not recommend tracking your finances with this software.When it works as it 's supposed to , it 's fine . The problem comes when you invest all of your precious time to enter your financial data , and then one of it 's serious bugs causes it to become unusable.I ca n't edit my paychecks now -LRB- not even change the date -RRB- because it will tell me that any edit will cause one of my 401K account balances to become negative at some point in the future . This is nonsense , of course.Also , it crashes anytime I try to download a statement from anywhere.I am so angry now I ca n't see straight -LRB- over a decade of financial records in Money and now it 's junk -RRB- . I surfed Microsoft 's website , and I ca n't even find anywhere where I can send an e-mail complaint .
 Do n't believe the rare reviewers who say , `` Microsoft has released updates fixing these problems '' !! It 's now the end of January 2005 , and these problems STILL have n't been fixed . The program has been out for FIVE MONTHS.I wo n't bother repeated all of the problems listed by others . One thing that REALLY made me made though was n't covered in any of the other reviews . You know how everyone is saying they ca n't get online setup to work for half of their banks ? Well guess what . If you ca n't do the online set-up to directly connect to the banks , IT WO N'T EVEN LET YOU IMPORT STATEMENTS MANUALLY !! You can have an account set up , with transactions and everything , but if you ca n't get the ONLINE setup working , it wo n't let you import . When you try to import the statement , it will only allow you to associate it with the accounts that have already gone through MSN 's server.This alone makes the software completely non-functional . Absolute and total trash.And do n't bother calling Microsoft tech support . I tried , and gave up twice after waiting for 25 minutes each -LRB- did I mention that you have to call long-distance ? -RRB- . Last night I finally dug my heels , and decided to wait as long as it takes . 52 minutes . FIFTY-TWO MINUTES !!! The person who answered was completely useless , and I somehow ot disconnected halfway through . So I called back , and waited only 39 minutes , only to be disconnected again.It 's nice to see that microsoft spends as much money on its tech support as it does on product testing ...
 I have used Money for 7 years and upgraded each year . I have been very satisfied with the quality until this year . This is plainly a disaster . Initially I was put thru an endless stream of tests which mostly assumed that my installation or computer was at fault . When I did a search on the web for Money bugs I found that many others were having the same problems . When I mentioned this , they admitted to ` working on fixes ' and then basically threw their hands up . How useful is that ? and when will these dozens of fixes be made available . I knew I was in trouble when I bought it the day it was released and by the time it arrived from Amazon , the first time I tried to run it I had to download a large patch . Reverting to 2004 requires each account to be exported individually and is a very time consuming alternative to just reentering all my transactions over again . I strongly suggest you do n't buy this product , at least until there are consistently good reviews for at least 1 month .
 Unlike many other reviewers , I bought this product in April , after Microsoft had plenty of time to fix the bugs -- which means they 're not bothering to fix them at all -- and I have spent three months using it , not just a couple of days . Also , I have a PhD in Mgmt Science and Information Systems and was a long-time Quicken user , so I 'm not exactly stupid , I do n't think , when it comes to personal finance software . Here are just a few of the problems I 'm seeing : Default settings , almost without exception , are the worst possible settings.Advanced budget reports do n't work at all . Actual amounts for transfers out appear as positive , but budgeted amounts appear as negative numbers , so the difference is huge precisely when you 're saving a lot of money . In some other cases , the budgeted amount in a report has no relationship to what was entered , and there 's no visible way to correct it.Cash flow charts assume all monthly budgeted amounts are subtracted on the first of the month . That makes projected balances very pessimistic - nearly useless.After downloading transactions online , the program does a lousy job of matching payee names with previous transactions . It 's bad enough to make ANY reliance on automated balancing impossible.If you have a 2002 or earlier copy of Quicken , you may as well keep using it , even though online banking no longer works.How could there be NO software company out there who wants to take this business away from Intuit and Microsoft , who apparently do n't even WANT it ?
 A lot of folks here are upgrade users , but as a new user of Money , migrating from Quicken , by the way , I can report equally infuriating experiences with this software . I moved to Money purely for its online capabilities , and guess what -- THEY DO NOT WORK . I 've experienced most of the problems described in previous posts here ... including duplicate entries , an inability to download financial data accurately , etc. etc. etc. .
 I 'm horrified by this product and will not consider using it , here 's why : When you use its online statement download feature you have to provide a . NET password login in order to proceed , as this is done YOUR FINANCIAL INFORMATION IS UPLOADED to the MSN Money site without any warning and without your consent . In this age of rampant identity theft , do you dare to have all your financial information posted online?I found this out running the trial version and I 'm staying with Money 2003 .
 Not only do you end up letting Microsoft have access to your credit details etc if you sign up for the ` Free Services ' , but also you end up getting Advertising links appearing on your computer installing or upgrading it.This is NOT the sort of things one would expect from such a large company , and it is sad that they resort to such low acts.My ` Money Tip ' , is save your money or better spend it elsewhere and maintain your privacy and keep an advertisment free computer .
 MS Money Deluxe 2005 has a lot of potential but has bugs that make it a waste of time.First
 This is the first time that I 've felt strongly enough about a product to write a review . I 've been using this software for about 2 weeks and I 've decided to go back to the 2004 version , which will be painful since the file format has changed . I 've been using Money for years , and prior upgrades have been worth the price , but this version is a constant source of irritation . I 've also decided that I do n't want my financial information on a Microsoft Web Site is required . If it were possible I 've give this one negative 5 stars .
 Money is a decent program to keep track of your finances . I 've used it for years . And I bought this to upgrade 2001 . Unfortunately , I am really disappointed . I just do n't see the value in the upgrade.And could Microsoft add insult to injury ? Yup , this program is full of bugs . I 've had it lock up on me . Throw out of memory exceptions in Visual Studio . And a plethora of little oddities.Take a look if you do n't currently have software to manage your money . But , do n't waste your money if you have an older version .
 What is happening to MS Money that good and necessary customer features are being stripped out of the program ??? It took some years for Money to offer multi-currency support but in the latest version they have restricted the feature so that users can not create custom currencies - forcing the user to select from an incomplete set of preset currencies.This is a backward step ... and as I can see others are concerned about similar kinds of change issues.Unfortunately it seems that Intuit is making the same kind of version-rot mis-steps as well with Quicken somehow the finacial software buisness has lost focus.I suggest that the software developers need to actually use the application just like the rest of us - then they would see such glaring faults . All experienced users of these programs can tell within a few minutes of trying that things are not right - I just ca n't imagine why the guys writing the stuff do n't see them . It seems that Money 2003 or 2004 remain the options for now.What about some really new features rather that tweaks and deletions . Can you imaging a shopping planner for grocery and other shopping list ? One of the keys to managing your money is to track and plan your expenses to allow you to save and invest . The programs seem to over look the value of being able to track the cost of items from store to store and the convience of prepareing a shopping list with recommendations of which stores are best to buy at . The whole area of expense management needs more focus .
 Thank goodness I realized the mistake on the capital gains form or else I would have been in a lot of trouble with the IRS . It seems if you modify downloaded transactions in a certain way they appear on the transaction register correctly but when you go to calculate capital gains it ca n't pull up the correct numbers . This mistake is serious to the point of making the whole program useless , and Microsoft has ignored my request for support where I notify them of this situation . And if this makes you want to switch to Quicken Premier it should n't , because that program ca n't always add correctly either . So I guess both of these programs are scandals , but I must say I do prefer the Microsoft interface by far . Just do n't touch the downloaded transactions and double check the math by hand .
 Money is highly prone to usability errors , and bad math . My first 3 months of usage were fine , until Money could not keep the books straight anymore , to the point where it would show thousands of dollars more in my register than actually available . I 've attempted every imaginable way to fix this , including manually adjusting all the items , yet with every update Money would once again revert to prior errors . The Money support is full of lengthy and cumbersome advice on how to fix every bug imaginable -LRB- which should be a clear red flag that this software does contain every bug imaginable -RRB- . I 've spent days and hours trying their directions and could not get my financial info . corrected . Deleting accounts and downloading info back in left me with only 60 days worth of financial info . All in all , this software is not only a pain to use , but it can turn out to be useless and erroneous . I am back to where I started , where I keep track of my expenses on paper or Excel , as I simply can not trust that Money can correctly track my finances . Bottom line , purchasing and using money was a waster of money . I too believed that all the other reviewers who gave it bad reviews were just not savvy enough to use this piece of software , so I learned the truth the hard way . You on the other hand can be smarter than me . Just do n't buy it !
 Where do I even start ? Just to let you know , I 'm not really adding anything new that already has been said in previous reviews . I 'm just confirming.I 'll give you a bottom line first
 Great job , Microsoft , on another quality product!Trivia question
 This product is full of bugs that Microsoft acknowledges are known issues with the product . For instance , when making a transfer with the electronic banking feature in Money enabled , the information typed in the memo field magically becomes entered in the pay to field and becomes a new payee . The problem
 I need to jump on this bandwagon of Money users who were happy until MS Money 2005 sucked us in . I only upgraded from 2004 Standard because I could not get online information from my credit union . 2005 seemed great at first , then I discovered that when I bought the 2005 Standard version to replace my 2004 Standard , I was getting a downgraded version . I had to fork out even more money to upgrade to 2005 Deluxe have the same features I had in Standard . What a scam.After that things went well for a while , then came the problems . Duplicated account files were created during online updates that can only be merged by losing all transaction data older than 2 months . The alternative is to close the older account . If you close the new duplicate account , Money will not update the old account anymore because it made a new connection with the new account it created . This happens frequently . Besides the obvious problem of tracking your account information , this means you ca n't run any reports or functions that rely on that data . What 's the point of having all of these great tools that wo n't work.Some accounts occasionally wo n't update online . This is a problem that could be expected due to net access or the site itself , however , suddenly these accounts stop updating permanently . I have a complex budget and live by cash flow projections . and have had my cashflow forecaster suddenly show a zero balance on accounts and it could not be fixed.I have had to enter months of data on more than one occasion in order to get my finances back in order . I tried the upgrade to Money 2006 for about as long as it took for me to figure out that it was bugged just as much as this one . The ONLY feature that was improved was the ability to make a floppy back up on another drive besides the 3.5 disk.If I knew of a way to get 2004 to perform online banking updates from my financial institutions that are available to 2005 , I would switch back.Virtually every complaint others have vented are right on target . Microsoft is uninterested in what consumers want and need and continues to produce the same product with the same problems and adds very little innovation , if any . They really need to revamp this program from the core and stop bandaging problems . Consumers needs should be the driving force , instead of trying to keeps up with the latest Quicken release by rehashing broken software.I am sick and tired of having my budget screwed up by this broken program and it 's complete lack of customer support , unless you are will to pay $ 35 or $ 40 an hour to get the run around . I may as well just go back to creating all of my financial resources in Excel , I spend just about as much time trying to fix Money problems as it would take to do that.Despite the couple of people who like Money 2005 , I join the OVERWHELMING MAJORITY of dissatisfied consumers who say DO N'T BUY IT !!!
 Before I get into a review , let me state that I have ALWAYS been pro-Microsoft . Despite all the monopolizing and heavy-handedness and rushed updates , I have always felt they did more good than harm . I have yet to find a Microsoft product I did n't like ... until now.In a word , Microsoft Money 2005 is `` horrible '' . I only gave it 2 stars because it still beats paper and pen : -RRB- Now , if you 're a new user , you probably wo n't notice anything bad about it and will continue on your merry way . Bravo for you -LRB- just do n't do anything online until they release the second patch -LRB- yes , there 's already one out -RRB- since 2005 is apparently quite broken with respect to about 50 % of the institutions it claims to support -RRB- . If you 're a previous Money user , pocket your $ 30 and invest it , using your old version to track the savings . I was terribly disappointed in 2005 . To begin with , helpful features such as Bill Minder , `` dual category lists '' , `` in-register '' spending forecast and upcoming bills , are gone . What have they been replaced with ? I have no clue . As far as I can tell , they 've replaced them with a HUGE toolbar -LRB- a la MSN Explorer but without the option to resize -RRB- and a LOT of white space -LRB- the register displays about 30 lines max -LRB- on `` compressed '' view -RRB- and runs literally down to the bottom of the screen . -RRB- The home page actually displays less information -LRB- though it is prettier in a way -RRB- and the settings `` menu '' is a fiasco -LRB- again , much like MSN Explorer -RRB- with numerous hyperlinks that are not necessarily intuitive.From what I could tell , reconciliation seemed to work as expected , but seemed to offer less information than 2003 did . I did not even take the time to get into investing since I uninstalled 2005 within 24 hours -LRB- and I am , without doubt , a `` give it time '' kind of person -RRB- . I honestly felt like I had less control over my finances -LRB- or at least less information with which to make informed decisions -RRB- and did n't want to risk botching up my portfolio.That 's about it . I know it 's a short review and probably leaves many questions unanswered , but I had only invested 24 hors in 2005 so a `` roll back '' to 2003 was fairly straightforward -LRB- and evidently necessary -RRB- . To take more time would have meant a more difficult reversal . Again , I normally like MS products , but I can promise you this one will be going back to Redmond at their expense -LRB- 30-day Money Back Guarantee -RRB- . I would STRONGLY recommend against buying Money 2005 . It just is n't worth the money -LRB- I honestly would n't even take it free now -RRB- . I can see no enhanced functionality and it actually appears reduced in places . The interface has been radically changed and , aside from being pretty , actually reduced my sense of `` control '' over my finances . Again , if you 're brand new to Microsoft Money , I think you 'll be satisfied . However , if you 're a previous user ... well ... you 've been warned ... PS Did I tell you that Money automatically -LRB- read
 I am a MS Money fan so was quick to get the 05 version . Well I am uninstalling and rolling back to last years version!First there is a new Internet Services Policy you must agree to . It starts out with `` Microsoft Money 2005 includes up to two -LRB- 2 -RRB- years of Internet-based Services . You will be able to use the Internet-based Services in Microsoft Money 2005 for a period of two -LRB- 2 -RRB- years from installation of the product or until September 1 , 2007 , whichever is earlier . '' **** In two years you can not perform online banking !!! Second the little Money Express program that reminds you of upcoming bills is gone.I have 3 words for this program - Do Not Upgrade!Stay With Your Current Version
 I 've used Money Deluxe 2001 , 2003 and 2004 and have been a happy user so far , but this upgrade is in a -LRB- low -RRB- class of its own , basically because Money 2005 seems to be unable to convert my existing Money 2004 file properly , so it just freezes wheneverI load that file and the `` conversion '' supposedly has completed . And according to Money 2004 my file is n't corrupt!So I will stick with Money 2004 and try to return Money 2005 . If you 're considering to buy Money 2005 , wait until a trial version is available from the Microsoft website -LRB- supposedly around October 2004 -RRB- and give that a try .
 I upgraded/updated to MS Money Deluxe 2005 two weeks ago and should have listened to the previous reviewers . The upgrade deleted categories , created duplicative accounts and generally messed up 10 years of personal financial data . It appears that this software has become complicated to the point that it is counter productive . Given that Quicken 2005 also gets terrible reviews , I recommend just staying with what you have until either Microsoft or Intuit get their act together . I am hoping that I can restore my previous Money 2004 file and get my `` money '' back on this dog .
 I owned Money 2004 and when I heard about 2005 coming out I was glad to see that they had added many more financial institutions . After purchasing it , it did not take long to figure out how bad this program really is . After I installed the program it supposedly imported my information from my 2004 version but when I tried to synchronize the accounts nothing worked . Also the credit monitoring section did not even work so I could not get my credit score from within the program . It worked perfectly fine in 2004 version . When I called Microsoft and held for over 30 minutes paying toll charges all they had to say is that they know about the problem but do not have a fix . After almost 2 weeks there was finally an update released and it seemed like it worked for a little while . Then all of a sudden I can no longer synchronize my accounts . I call them again and hold for another 30 minutes and I get the same answer I got the 1st time . Now 10 days later I am sitting here on hold again with an estimated wait time of 45 minutes and I will probably get the same answer . If you want software that doesnt work and will waste hours of time on hold with Microsoft then go ahead and get this product . Otherwise I would suggest buying a different program without the Microsoft name on it .
 As another experienced Money user -LRB- more than 6 years -RRB- , I 'm sorry that I did n't read these reviews before upgrading . After converting my current file , I found so many errors that I immediately contacted Microsoft support . I 'm still working with them but have rolled back to Money 2004 . In its present form I can not use Money 2005 at all.Examples
 Migrated from Microsoft Money 2004 to Microsoft Money 2005 last week and have been fighting with the program to get it to run properly . Spent an hour with Microsoft support in Bangalore this morning - they were very knowledgeable and tried to be helpful but they could n't get a net worth report to run without the program crashing . Like most Microsoft programs . before version three , let it be . I 'll wait a few weeks until they offer another update patch to see if that works unless they recall the software and refund my money .
 So , after being an idiot and upgrading to 2004 , I thought 2005 would be an improvement . Yes , I am a mega-idiot to think there are any improvements other than requirement to login to . net , there is no way to select categories as previously release where you could put in category , then type . . -LRB- and no way to change it -RRB- . I wo n't parrot the other reviews . They got the nail on the head . My next upgrade will be to Quicken .
 I have been a MASSIVE MS-Money fan and user for over 10 years now and loved it - until now . I have stuck with 2003 for the past 2 years , and finally decided to upgrade . BIG MISTAKE ! I was really interested in the online capabilities , since online bill pay was something I was not doing until recently . I have only played with it for 3 hours this evening but here is what I have already run into :1 . Setting up a previously manual account for online services creates a duplicate account . Worse yet , you can not merge it with the original account since Money does not recognize it as the same account . THIS IS A NASTY BUG . You can not get around it , as far as I can tell . It 's a show-stopper .2 . During the account online update process duplicate categories -LRB- budget categories -RRB- are also created . TONS OF THEM . It more than doubled the number of categories that I had . For example , my category &#34; Auto Service &#34; was duplicated to &#34; Auto Service - # 1 &#34; , and &#34; Auto Service - # 2 &#34; , with no transactions in them . What 's up with that ? 3 . When I updated my account online it says it added 94 new transactions , but only 1 of them showed up in the register . I have no idea where the other 93 of them went . They were not existing transactions .4 . The online information for my bank is completely out of date . It DOES offer online updates -LRB- I called them -RRB- , but Money says it does not . Pretty useless.And that 's just in 3 hours . It tells me that 2005 was released WAY before it was thoroughly tested - Just in time for the 2004 Holiday Season &#60; G &#62; . Shame on you Microsoft AND shame on you PC Magazine for writing such a glowing review about it . Apparently you never TRIED the online features , or you would have noticed this stuff in a matter of minutes.Now it 's time to see if Microsoft will at least honor the 30 day money back guarantee , cause I 'm going back to version 2003 for sure . IMHO - you should avoid this version at all costs , at least until they get it it solid with some more patches - not yet available I hear .
 Reliability is key for use of a product that has your whole financial life in its clutches . Everything was going OK until I downloaded the `` update '' . What a mistake . Since then I have not been able to connect to my bank . Today , Money tells me the system date on my computer is earlier than the date I downloaded the demo version I am using -LRB- I have a licensed version of Money 2002 and downloaded the 2005 demo -RRB- . WRONG!Stay away unless you thrive on frustration.When will these companies figure out reliability is more important than incremental new features ?
 I 've been a happy user of Money 99 and later Money 04 with absolutely no issues . Well , except that my wife would never enter her receipts . The answer ? Money 05 could import it all.Since installing this it has worked ok . The reason I hate is becuase A. It 's slow . It appears to be collaborating with Passport too much to back up everything you do . But even worse , on three occassions I 've had it go haywire . It added duplicate accounts , merged other accounts , screwed up balances , etc.The way it imports transactions is bad too . The payee names are never there but rather an address . Change it to the name and the next time you synchronize it will show that transaction as a duplicate with the re-downloaded version with no name.Bugs Bugs Bugs . I think I will clean it all up , back up to floppy , uninstall , and reinstall 04 . No more money for Microsoft from me.Do not buy this and be very skeptical of Money 06 . i should 've read the reviews on this before .
 Delivered with dozens of problems and after 2 patches still has some significant problems and numerous annoyances . The major problem I have is that sales and/or purchases of securities end up being recorded backwards in computing the balance . This can occur up to several days after first entered and requires going back and deleting and reentering the transaction until it finally stays posted correctly . My major annoyances is that automatic updates do not work for credit cards and banks , and require manual ` update now ' to be performed to get these updated . Also this edition signs you out of your passport account every time and if you normally use ` keep me signed in ' so you do n't have to sign in every time you use , say My MSN , you have to sign in every time you use Money . I suggest you stay with your old versions , as by the time I gave up with the excuses and eventual patches from their technicians , I had so many transactions entered it would have been a major effort to reinstall 2004 , which worked wonderfully .
 I ca n't remember the last time I had some much trouble with an application . Sometimes it works and sometimes it does n't . After waiting on hold with India for one hour , tech support could only suggest that I reinstall . If you value your time , stay away from version 2005
 It is now September 2005 so I am a latecomer to Money 2005 , but the bugs are still there . Not only did I have to clear previous budget categories to get Advanced Budgets to work , but I also found that when I tried to use the Transfer Category utility , it only moved one of the transactions selected and then also moved the bottom item on the list of transactions even when I had n't selected it -LRB- so you risk getting transactions into the wrong categories unless you move them laboriously one at a time within the transaction record and do n't use the Transfer Category utility ! -RRB- . Also UK cheques have 6 digit numbers but the column width is only 5 characters so you can not see the last vital digit of the cheque number when you are trying to trace a particular cheque record . etc etc. ... . I wo n't ramble on because so many other people have said this before , but I would not touch this package with a bargepole and I am now contacting the supplier to see if they will refund something which is clearly not fit for purpose . As a staunch Microsoft user and supported for many years I feel let down that they released this mess , particularly in a key area of money management and potential small business accounts .
 When I found out that with Yodlee I could connect to 2 bank accounts I have n't been able to in the past , I jumped to buying this product . I was very please with Money since my first version in 99 and my files reflect this . Now with many many many hours involved in balancing my accounts almost daily , because everything debit/credit are downloading 2 or 3 times I figure I was better without it . Some days I can not download statements at all receiving error messages . Lets not forget all the time and long distance charges talking to their tech help . Their update managed to fix a problem with matching similar transactions but that 's all . Now I 'm obsessed with getting this to run smoothly . You would think Microsoft would be as determined as I am . NOT . Unless you have hours to spend do n't get it . It 's much easier to manually input all your accounts from the web sites and less time consuming .
 I agree with almost every negative review on this board . In comparison with 2004 edition , this one is just plain HORRIBLE . It looks slicker -LRB- kind of -RRB- , but that 's as far as it goes . I 've been using MS Money since 2000 , and have enjoyed every upgrade ; they 've all been quite satisfactory save this monstrous creation . MS Money has n't been the only financial software I have tested . I 've trialed out Quicken 3 separate times , once 4 years ago , another time a year ago , and recently the 2005 version a week ago . It 's far too inflexible & the graphs stink , stick with Money.On MS Money 2005 every time I do an internet update , it duplicates every account with some generic name -LRB- I track 3 checkings , 4 savings , 2 credit cards , 1 cash on hand , & 2 loans -RRB- . I am NOT going to rename all the accounts again & redo every transaction with all the splits.I tried to do an update with CapitalOne , and it failed time after time . It also took flipping forever to do any of the updates ! I wish I could have let the default setting NOT update news articles . I 'm here to balance my checkbook , track settings , & budget , forecast , I do n't care about news . I would love to elaborate further , but the arteries in my forhead would explode from my frustration.Because I could n't even get the program to KIND OF work , I wish I could give it ZERO stars . I refuse to spend countless hours -LRB- more -RRB- to try to get this piece of crud working ; pen & paper IS BETTER than this program . Back to 2004 I go -LRB- until they release a HUGE compilative fix for all this poo -RRB- . *** UPDATE *** I 'm using MS Money 2006 now . It 's much more resource heavy than 2004 , none of the bugs of 2005 , and looks nicer . I 'm not fond that it takes some time to open the program up & get to check book entering , but it does have the ability to sync credit card accounts with greater flexibility . Stick with 2006 .
 I CANT BELIEVE IT !!! I AM BEING FORCED TO UPGRADE TO A LESS THAN ACCEPTABLE VERSION . WHY ?? , the only thing they said was now my transactions would automatically download . Is that a perk , I do that already ! Quicken is no better , they have major problems with their new version as well , such as no longer supporting QIF files . Great , not a lot of options . Its worth it to keep what you have until you find something that most people can agree is just as good or not better that the previous versions of MS Money such as 2000 or 2001 . Happy hunting !!!
 I ordered the download version . After at least 20 attempts at downloading and installing , and repeated suggestions from Imaginova 's cutomer service , I finally gave up !
 New potential customer , maybe , but if they 've got your cash forget customer support , you 'll be lucky to ever get a reply . Ca n't say more , still waiting for a reply to any of my 4 genuinely polite inquiries -LRB- only been 1 year -RRB- . One star is over rated .
 I have used the Zonlabs Firewall for several years . It works fine . I can not say the same for the Security Suite . The AntiSpam function does not update definitions and ZoneLabs Tech Support know they have a problem . They are working on it but no date for a fix.Do not buy this software until all the bugs are fixed .
 Great software ! Until You have a question or a problem that is . Then You get the run around BIG TIME ! ZoneAlarm says they did n't sell it to me so they ca n't help me . They send me to Broderbund for help . Broderbund then sends me to Encore for help and they wo n't help me either . ZoneAlarm states if I did n't buy it right from ZoneAlarm then they do n't give any support.It comes in a ZoneAlarm box , says ZoneAlarm on the CD but apparently it is n't ZoneAlarm ??? -LRB- According to ZoneAlarm that is -RRB- !! Buy it elsewhere , or end up helpless !!!
 When I first received the product and installed it I had a few configuration issues -LRB- not unusual -RRB- but now , after 8 months of service , they are telling me I need to purchase an upgrade -LRB- $ 69.99 -RRB- or I will have no virus protection . I contacted Customer Service -LRB- what a misnomer -RRB- as no one was available to actually speak to me and the automated system was like one of those automated phone loops you enter when trying to contact any company . I finally gave up and an now shopping for a newer and more reliable antivirus and protection system . I did not get a full year of service , got jerked around and have lost all faith in this software package . I wish any other users good luck !
 Bought this awhile ago and tried to install about two weeks ago . It installs fine , but when you try to get your key for one year of updates , I found that the registration program did n't work anymore . Seems encore has shut down the database which issues the keys . Going to their site to try to get a key resulted in various database errors in sql server.I 'd avoid this one . If you have to get zone alarm , purchase from zone alarm , not encore.Very disappointed and a total waste of time and money . Customer Service does n't even answer your emails .
 It 's been 10 days since I registered with Zone Alarm and I still have n't received the license key . I wrote many emails and called customer service and I got no help or solution . Think twice before purchasing this product .
 I was reading the high reviews of Zonealarm so I went to their web site to get more information , and only about 2 pages of their entire web site would even show up . Makes me wonder how hard it will be to get tech support from them . Going back to Panda ...
 I do not have any recolection of purchasing this product , nor can I find it on my computer or in any of my hard non computer files . I have always ordered a hard disk back up of all purchases from Zone Alarm . There is no hard disk no Computer file . I am about to raise you Know what about this charge on my credit card . I will challenge it if I do not receive for what I am being charged . I will also ask My credit card Co. for a new number to prevent future charges from these folks . In the future I will use a third party encryted method for purchases on the internet . rehadik@netscape
 You can only use this on one computer . You always need the code/disk to make the software work -- it is a huge pain and if I had known this I would not have bought it . This is 2008 -- we all have/need access to more than one computer and the software inside it -LSB- even Apple get this piece !! -RSB- . If I want to use this at work -- I have to spend another $ 140 -- and in spite of this still need to cart the `` code '' around ----- highly disappointing
 sounds are nice but the license is over restrictive . This is a music library masquerading as a sound/sample library.If youre an amatuer and have no plans to release or exploit your work , then you can have fun with this library and load it into your garageband fruityloops software or whatever ; pros looking for a few breaks or textures to embellish your work should avoid Big Fish .
 The program on cd arrived promptly . However , the cd was broken and therefore unusable.I tried to have my money returned but the vender said that I must return to Amazon for a refund . Although I have sent an email to amazon , I still have not heard from them
 A user said approach is easier than Microsoft Access , I have a certain feeling that person was not using Access at all . Microsoft Office is considered the best Office Suite by users around the world . Why ? Because of its friendly graphical user interface , that is available throughtout all the applications . If you are running a business 90 % of that organization is probably using MS Office . In Lotus the procedures to using the applications in the suite are too cumbersome requiring too much clicking . If you enter Word Pro a dialog box appears asking you what type of document you would like to create , duh of course I am going to use a blank doc to type something , the thing is Word Pro acts too much like a Database Management system , you have to always select the type of project , not convenient at all . I think the integration across all the applications in MS Office is very flawless , sharing data between Excel and Word is just a click away . PowerPoint has more effects its more intuitive , easy to use and learn than Free Lance , Free Lance is like your using a Windows 3.1 era application . Of course Outlook is the best PIM out their for organizing and scheduling your life . Last but not least Lotus SmartSuite comes with a lot of computer packages . Tell you what , save your money towards Microsoft Office , it is worth it if you are a first time user buying a Office suite or you want better productivity and ease of use out of your applications .
 I have never used such a poor piece of software before . I have to use this junky program at work . I always hangs , freezes , and otherwise stops responding . I have to restart the program or my computer several times each day to keep the program working . It can not run when other programs run . It uses almost all my system resources . It makes random changes to database records . It has all kinds of wierd random behaviors . For example after doing a find and then browing the results the program freezes . The program is not user friendly and is showing its age . MS Access is a much much better desktop database program . If you need a modern desktop database program go with Access . Avoid Approach like the plague !!
 I immediately downloaded the Rosetta Stone V2 China and found that the earphones that were in the package did not work . I have not been able to utilize the product .
 The software is good , but everyone knows with such activation and deactivation issues , the company should be willing to provide around the clock support . Otherwise make the activation and deactivation process easier . In fact , you ca n't even deactivate from a computer without calling tech support . Once it is deactivated you can never install it to the deactivated computer again ... ever !! How ridiculous!So if I 'm in an emergency becuase my OS glitched & now I need to wipe out my Hard Drive just in order to USE the computer - well I have to wait to DEACTIVATE Rosetta Stone first b/c if I do n't , I waste my activation slot . -LRB- Happened to me before with Rosetta -RRB- ... . But wait ! I ca n't deactivate Rosetta Stone b/c I have to call Tech & no one is in till Monday ! Now I 'm screwed , b/c not only ca n't I deactivate , I ca n't fix my computer till Monday ! What the world is supposed to stop b/c Rosetta Stone is n't in ?! WARNING to Rosetta users
 It 's over-priced , non-intuitive , non-memorable , and the pictures/words used do n't make sense in the Russian context . It has a bulky and slow navigation system which does n't make any kind of sense . There 's then all of the issues with activation and lack of support . Why buy Rosetta when there are SO MANY better options out there ? Try Pimsleur , Linkword , Penguin 's New Russian Course , RussianPod101 , and Schaum 's for grammar .
 I bought - or so I thought - Rosetta Stone Russian levels 1 and 2 for $ 330 . After two months of trying to get the product shipped to me I finally received level 2 only . When I called to ask where the level 1 module was I was told that I 'd have to pay an additional $ 100 and first return the Level 2 course . Not the best in customer service ... Worse was to come . When I tried to register the product , using the product registration key that accompanied the disks , it did n't work . Finally I had to spend - during business hours - an hour on the phone with Technical Support . Eventually it appeared that we managed to register the software and I began the course . I really like the approach and approve of the method . But then I switched off my computer . When I restarted , I discovered that the Rosetta Stone software had `` forgotten '' all my registration information and - of course - the registration key did n't work ... So basically I ca n't ever use this software unless I have an hour to spare to walk through the manual registration process with Technical Support every time I want to use it . Oh , and of course this means I can only use it during business hours , because their Technical Support is not 7/24 . This kind of amateurish software glitch is totally unacceptable and is truly astonishing in this day and age . I can only recommend that no one buys anything from Rosetta Stone until they improve -LRB- i -RRB- their shipping and packaging , and -LRB- ii -RRB- the basic software functions necessary to run the program . Until then , it 's just a waste of over $ 300 . I am deeply disappointed in Rosetta Stone and looking at the other reviews it is obvious that this company has a major quality control problem .
 Forget support after your purchase . My delimma
 By James Smith `` The Truth `` Beware my friends of old -LRB- Xp Professional 2002 oem -RRB- copies of bogus software being sold on Amazon . By the likes of PBJWorld . Not only that , they let him lie and claim it was unopened . I purchased a copy and found it had a fake key . It was made by a key generater . They want me to return it to the guy who sold it to me . Mircosoft now has the case . Gave them what they needed to go forward . He want me to return it , to make it disappear , I would guess this to be so . By the way he refuses to deal with me . Shame on Amazon too , for letting this guy sell bogus software.Buy for only those you know . Amazon will not back you UP ! I for one will not ever shop on Amazon again . Burned by this . Never NEVER AGAIN . They lost me as a customer . Amazon make false statements that they care . They do not . I have not made false statements . Pbjworld sold me a copy of Xp Professional that was not what they claimed . It had been opened , used and packaged with a fake key . Beware buyers of this site . Trust only those you know and no site that gets 5 stars from most buyers . No one 's that perfect . Amazon customer service sucks . There is no real support .
 I was expecting much more from this I guess . The interface was terrible and different from disk to disk . On the Pompeii narration the guy doing the talking was n't even talking about what was on the screen . . gak ! I could have found what was these disks , on the net for free .
 In the system requirements for this program , it states that a MIDI keyboard is optional . Apparently that means that if you opt to use the program , you need that `` optional '' keyboard ! If you do n't plan to use the program , then a keyboard is n't necessary ... stupid!I researched programs to practice sight reading without a MIDI keyboard , and most programs stated the requirements clearly - a MIDI keyboard is necessary . For this particular program , the system requirements are definitely misleading!I ca n't review how well it works , because I ca n't use it . I 'm not a happy customer . Caveat Emptor .
 Ordered this item from A1Books online . Promptly a box arrived with the wrong items -LRB- Ink Cartridge instead of Computer Software -RRB- . Left multiple voicemails -LRB- Cust Service -RRB- for vendor with no response . 3 weeks later an email was received with a procedure for obtaining an RMA from their system . 3 weeks -LRB- 3 email reminders to their President - COO -RRB- later that I am STILL awaiting a response from the vendor on how to get the RMA process to work for me . Hope I can complete the RMA process and get my money back.I must remember NEVER to order anything from this vendor in the future .
 I have attempted to purchase this item at least five times . One vendor sent a Canon ink cartridge and advised that the SKU no . for the cartridge and the software were coded improperly as the same no . by `` AMAZON.COM '' . The CAIMAN vendor repeatedly offers this software item but the next day always refunds my credit card indicating the reason as `` customer service credit '' . Some thing about the offer to sell this product and constant refunds is suspicious and FTC may be vehicle to correct this .
 I received National Geographic Back Roads Explorer as a gift because I needed USGS 1:100,000 maps for an area in Alaska , for use with GPS . The carton containing the product says that it includes these maps for all 50 states . It does not . For Alaska it includes 1:250,000 maps , without the required detail , and 1:63,000 maps which appear to be no more than very blurry magnifications of the 1:250,000 maps , with no additional detail . Email to National Geographic was referred to TOPICS Entertainment , who seem to have purchased the right to use the National Geographic name and logo . TOPICS Entertainment does not respond to the email referred by National Geographic , nor to email sent directly to www.topics-ent.com . So , be wary of claims on the carton , and do n't assume that the product is backed by National Geographic .
 Wish I could give this one less than one star . Do n't waste your money with this one . If the software actually worked , it reports to do many of the things that I was looking for.First problem -- the software claims to be compatable with Magellan 's Explorists series . Tech Support -LRB- at least that 's what they call themselves -RRB- , says it is not.Second problem -- the software is apparently not XP compatable . I can load the software and basically get it to work but it locks up when I attempt to save a file or change to a different sub-directory . What good is a software that will not save your work ?? Multiple emails to Tech Support resulted in multiple suggestions by Tech Support to `` reload ' the software . Gee !!! I have to call Tech Support for that suggestion ??? Apparently they have nothing to offer beyond the suggestion of reloading the software -LRB- which does n't help -RRB- . After multiple attempts to get this software to work and multiple emails to Tech Support , I 'm writing this one off as a $ 50 reminder to never buy a National Geographic product again .
 The company Topic does a lousy job at customer service . As for the developer , maybe some third rate company . The scans of the maps are not high enough for area blow ups . Everything is fuzzy at best . The interface is clumsy ... sluggish ... backwards ! This is the 21st Cen ! If you have a Garmin , stick with their apps for now . Or just buy an old fashion topo map . * Avoid this product !!!!
 I went looking at Fry 's for a mapping software and bought this before looking online at reviews . I 'm now stuck with a bazillion -LRB- ok , just 17 -RRB- CDs and a product that takes minutes to load once you initiallize the program . I still ca n't figure out how to access any info on Hawaii or Alaska and I 'm waiting each time an average of four days before `` tech support '' haha will write me back.Don ' t buy this .
 Too many CD 's that must be swapped in/out . Also misleading claims about down loading ability to GPS devices etc. . I would not recommend this for the serious user .
 This product has many wonderful maps to use with a COMPUTER but BEWARE you ca n't load the maps onto a GPS so unless you want to carry a laptop on your next hike - skip it . The product information is misleading by stating the program has the the ability to load maps to a `` device '' apparently this does not include a GPS so I ask what 's the point ? What a disappointment .
 I received this as a gift and what a dissapointment . Magellan has a topo product -LRB- mapsend -RRB- that works well with all gps 's . All in one CD . It does n't use images for the topo , just a simple map format . This product however is very inferior and offers even less detail than the other topos plus it ca n't be downloaded to gps 's . I am very dissapointed and I continue to try to find out what features it excels at given that it has 17 CD 's . It has to do something with all of that right ? As it turns out it is just a poor design that was used as an attempt to get that paper topo map feel . It seems they just scanned in all the topo maps for the US , no wonder it took so many cd 's . Do n't waste your money .
 Bought this at the Apple Store on an impulse and boy am I sorry . Ditto what the other reviewers said plus there 's no hardcopy documentation and what is on the . pdf help file is laughable . Here 's another thing , on the USGS 1:100 K level , the maps consistently DO NOT line up and are often cut off . C'mon guys , how hard is it to scan in a map and line them up ? If you 're happy with 1:100 K or 1:500 K , or need a fine quality state/county map or even a road map with elevation info , then this might be for you , but do n't expect to go hiking with it .
 I had this software working once on an older computer , but it functioned poorly , i.e. froze up and crashed intermittantly . I recently installed it on a newer computer -LRB- Dell Dimension 9100 , Window XP Professional -RRB- and it wo n't open a map , even after several reinstalls of the latest download from their Web site . Save yourself the trouble and frustration . Use Google Earth to get a close view , and buy good maps from a reputable source . The creaters and sellers of this software should be ashamed of themselves .
 I received this as a Christmas gift and had to return . Was not compatible and could n't load on a brand new computer . Software gave no ability to customize the installation . No help from the Nat . Geo website support . Went thru the entire install and at last bar ... sorry , disc could n't finalize hit finish to continue and it kicks you out completely to start over again.From the other poor reviews , I 'd have to say I 'm glad I returned .
 I bought this product to replace a Greetings Workshop . The Greetings Workshop wo n't function on my XP . This product does not have a banner function . The card system is clumsy and difficult to use , especially when compared with the Greetings Workshop . I also ordered A4 on the print menu but it did n't operate . I got off side printing . All Europe uses A4 instead of the US 8.5 x 11 .
 Images print off center from example . Hallmark 's parent company say they are working on patch , but nothing yet . They offer a full refund , but a waste of time to buy and then just return . Great program , but needs a good patch to fix glitch .
 I purchased this program for newer cards . I have found new pics and verses BUT I like to make most of my cards as quarter fold cards , and this wo n't do it or I have n't found a way to make it print right . the picture is not centerd on the page . When the card is folded the picture is too high . I have been folding them so the picture is centered and cutting off the excess . I makes the card a little shorter . I do n't like this .
 Card Studio 2007 has repeated many cards from Card Studio 2006 . I bought this new program to have more of a selection but was very disappointed . Also is is very difficult to see the cards when they are bunched . You have to pick a card in order to read the front . Very time consuming .
 I contacted the program 's customer service department when the cards in this program printed off center no matter what I did . I received an email saying that this was a known problem with the program and a fix would be available by the end of January . Mid-February I asked again about it as there had been no fix . That time they said it would be fixed by the end of February . I 've used their previous programs w/out problems , just wanted more variety so added this one . Apparently not a good idea ...
 I thought I was getting a complete package ; no instruction manual enclosed and one CD was scratched . Paid full price for a supposed new version ; newer version for 2008 was same amount where I live . So what 's the great deal from Amazon ? Never again !
 It 's not possible to open the cliparts and fonts on other software.The features are extremely limited . Preview is terrible!Printing is also not good and always include a Hallmark logo .
 The card choices are large and the feature set of the program is great...-but-We keep upgrading to new versions of the card software to get new cards and in the apparently vain hope that the developers of the software will someday get their act together.To say that this software is unstable is the understatement of the year . On average , one out of three cards causes the software to crash , usually after it has printed page one -LRB- outside -RRB- and before printing page two -LRB- inside -RRB- . No problem you think ? Well not really . If you print page one of the card and it crashes , of course you lose all of the personalizations but if you restart the program and redo the personalizations you have to print out a whole new card because the program wo n't let you only print out the inside of the card onto the already printed outside.Sure , the dialog box has a drop down that says `` Page 2 of 2 '' giving you the `` impression '' that you should be able to do this but even with this option selected , it proceeds to print out the card , the whole card , yet again.Needless to say this results in a lot of card stock wastage and card stock is expensive.We have a Dell Dimension with a huge hard drive , 2.6 GHz hyperthreaded P4 , 1GB of memory , and are running Home XP with SP2 , with a HP color laserjet printer on an Ethernet so I really do n't think that the problem is that we do n't have `` enough computer '' ... This is simply the most unstable software we have ever used , and has been so for three product updates . -LRB- Why did we buy the latest one ? Well , it turns out that old versions of the card software seem to `` go bad '' all by themselves with card choices simply disappearing , and so the software forces you to either stop using it or upgrade . -RRB- Go buy a set of markers instead , it will be far less frustrating . The Sierra Home developers should be embarrassed that they put out such an amazingly poorly designed product . Hallmark needs to get a new software developer ...
 I loved the 2006 version of this software , but when I received an email offering an `` upgrade '' to the 2007 version , I decided to improve what I had . I could not be more disappointed . The resulting product is a miserable failure and I 'm amazed that some people are having good luck with it.This version prints everything off center . I can play with some of it to center it , but not the Hallmark logo , etc. , on the back . The result is a very unprofessional mess . I went online to report the problem saw they have a FAQ on the issue promising that `` soon '' they will have a `` fix '' I can download . Three months later and still no `` fix '' . I 've written Nova 3 times , they acknowledge the problem and issue the same automated response `` Keep checking for updates '' . Finally , after numerous emails and phone conversations they have agreed to let me return the software to them.When I received the 2007 edition , which in every other way was virtually identical to the 2006 version , I threw away my old software . I 'm now thinking of purchasing it again because I found this software easy to use and loved to be able to make so many changes , add photos , etc.Maybe some of these do n't have this technical problem , but just be warned .
 There 's a fundamental flaw in the software
 After being `` guaranteed '' by one of Hallmark 's customer service reps that this version was much improved over the past few versions , I was once again disappointed that you could not open more than one project at a time -LRB- Hallmark rep said you could -RRB- or easily flip between two projects -LRB- not even a card and coordinating envelope ! -RRB- . Graphics STILL can not be selected in multiples -LRB- the Hallmark rep said you would be able to -RRB- . You must select one graphic , paste it to your project , go back and select the second graphic , paste it , etc. . Graphics can not be edited either -LRB- again the Hallmark rep said they could be -RRB- -- not even to crop out a small portion . The rep said they now had a photo editor that can be used on graphics -- not true ! It can only be used on photos , not graphics and it , too , has limitations compared with photo editors included with their competitors -LRB- PrintShop , CreataCard , Print Master -RRB- . There are many limitations in working with text boxes as well . If you want a line of text to have one word in one color and another word in different color or font , each word has to be in a separate text box -LRB- this is not true with the competitors named above -RRB- . I do wonder if they actually let comsumers beta test any of their new products before releasing them -- Hallmark has to have heard about all these drawbacks to their program , yet never change them . I agree with the other reviewer in that that are many duplicate cards from previous versions . I am also disappointed that many of the graphics included in their clip art are still rather low-end -LRB- and not much different from last year 's version -RRB- . The graphics on their pre-made cards are , for the most part , of excellent quality -- much different from the clip art . I would n't waste my money on this version if you already own versions from any of the past several years . And I definitely would n't expect anything in the area of customer service from Hallmark since their reps obviously do not use the product !
 the item was received crushed inside amazon 's package . the disc is o.k. but the box that it was in is crushed and in a used appearance . after filing a claim with amazon was told item was no longer available .
 I purchased this updated version 1/5/07 . It does not print correctly , and technical support assured me that the developer is `` working on the problem '' and a `` fix '' is soon to come . This is March 1 , and no update is available yet . This program is UN-USABLE and I am very unhappy and would not recommend `` as is '' to anyone . I have the 2005 edition and was very pleased with it . This is a large embarrassment to the Hallmark company .
 I bought this software to print my Christmas cards and much to my dismay , it did not print properly on my HP inkjet printer . I tried various settings with the same bad results and finally had to contact tech support via email . Here is the reply : `` Thank you for contacting Hallmark Technical Support.We apologize for any difficulties that you may have had with our software.This is a newly found issue with the program . The developers are currently working on an update that will correct this . They said that the update should be out around Christmas . Please routinely check for new updates by going to the Help menu and selecting the Check for Updates option . When an update is available , you will be informed and it should automatically install the update . `` This is a `` printing '' software so when it does not print properly , it indicates that the software was not tested properly or simply the publisher expect the users to be beta-testers ! If some other features that did not work , it may be excused , but this bug is unexcusable!I am sure the software developers will have the software bugs fixed , but at the meantime do n't be a beta-tester , buy someting else . Humbug !
 Be careful with this product . I tried to load and run it about a dozen times . It was fine on my new PC but in Windows 98 it kept asking me for a driver that neither the Windows disk , program disk or website had to offer.Unlike laplink , you can not run smart exchange on your own computer for backup to a disk drive or IOmega drive . It is totally useless to me and I can not send it back.What a rip-off . By the way , I have 20 years of power PC experience and I ran LapLink for about 10 years . So I am not new to this stuff .
 I bought this item last year and although it does what I need it to , I found there to also be a few too many glitches with the product.For example , as a result of my loading PCSync onto my computer , it wo n't shut down all the way . I must now manually shut it off . I attempted to rectify this situation but found that the technical support folks at PCsync/Laplink are the absolute worst . They have a huge attitude and are very bitter . And to add insult to injury , they do n't seem to have very much knowledge in regard to the product . It goes without saying that they were unable to rectify the shutdown issue.If you do n't mind the inconvenience of the shut down issue each time you turn off your computer , then get the product .
 Well to start with , it just does n't work.After installing it and trying for hours to figure out what waswrong I called tech support and with all of their help , well itstill does n't work.So , at the suggestion of tech support , I got the upgrade , installed it , and ... . it just does n't work ! -LRB- Are we seeing apattern here ? -RRB- . Now , the suggestion is I buy the latest upgrade to 3.0 . Do I look that gullible?Try something else .
 First of all , you must have laplink cables in order to make this program work . Off course , they do n't tell you that !!! ... Finally , you will spend hours downloading the software , because laplink 's connection is ver unstable .
 Help for this product is non-existant . Tech Support reps send you chasing after tech notes . Documentation is completely lacking . Looks like the documentation has not been updated since the last version . The timing on how long this will take is way off . When I first started transferring files , it said that it would take about 3.5 hours . The transfer actually finished just under 24 hours !
 Awful product-could not get it to work with either set of cables . Never made a connection despite trying everything they suggest in the manual . Tech support was worse-cryptic emails that were no help . Impossible to speak to anyone by phone . Never thought I would be pleased to throw out a product but this one is the exception . Stay away .
 I bought this software so that I could create a slide show with music , and burn to a DVD . The software is not intuitive to use , the manual is useless and misleading , and there is no technical support or back-up on the Media Now web site . Some examples of frustration
 Not what the right up said . It converted all my mp3 files to a different format and will not allow me to burn an mp3 music disc like Nero does . It will only allow the burning of 80 mins of music and not the 700 mb like Nero does . I am going to buy Nero and trash Media Now .
 I have a laptop with Windows Vista . This product does not function at all . I went to my `` Geek Squad '' here in town for help . The only solution was to uninstall the program and get something else . I hope for a refund .
 do n't waste your money on this product . it promises a lot , but is actually just several low end products packaged together -LRB- almost like the ones that come with the computer -RRB- . you get errors with no explanations and ZERO support . best to stick with Nero or another package that has proven its self .
 I just got am empty bpx in the mail . I e-mailed the seller 3 times of course with no response . I would like to know what is AMAZON going to do about this , or should it be known on Oprah !!!!
 I ordered this product on June 6th and keep getting delays on shipment on this item . One that I received weeks ago said that the item was on hand and would be shipped , but later got one that said there was going to be a delay on shipment . What 's going on here . I have been ordering from you guys for a long time and have in the past recommended you to lots of friends and family . Please let me know the problem , I really need this product.Pat
 Since Amazon was out of stock , I bought this directly from Steinberg . I do n't know if it 's due to my use of Windows XP or some other defect , but I 've got quite a few problems with the product . The cleaning function works very well - I 'm quite pleased by it , but the import and editing functions do n't work very well , if at all . I frequently get a `` must be 7 seconds or longer '' error , even for very long tracks . Under no circumstances will it import WAV files created by it 's sister product , Wavelab Lite , which came bundled with Clean ! I am still waiting to hear from Steinberg as to why this is . It gives me the same error when I try to use the automated function to split a `` side '' into separate tracks . I 've had to resort to using a Cakewalk utility to record , Clean ! to process and back to the Cakewalk software to split into separate tracks . The CD-RW that I have is also not supported , I believe due to XP . Several other products will not write to the CD-RW . I 've had no trouble with the pre-amp - it works quite well , but I had to find a way to attach the turntable ground to the ground of the pre-amp in order to eliminate 60Hz hum .
 I bought this for my boyfriend recently because he really wants to copy his LPs to our computer to make mix cds . He still ca n't get the pre-amp to work , so he tried calling support - they kept him on hold and then told him that that they can not help him until he registers the product . There is no online product registration , you have to do it by regular mail . The documentation TOTALLY -LRB- ... -RRB- , as does the online `` help '' files . Hopefully when they get his registration we can get some technical help . I wish I had n't bought this product , but it was the only thing I could find to copy LPs .
 unable to download the bidwhist game , on windows xp , very disappointed , but I contacted the company and they never response ; I contacted amazon , to get a refund , which I did receive.Madeline L. Lane
 Okay , so I have my box this software came in all cut up to get the rebate , the rebate info is sent off , everything seems fine , when I discover that there is no anti-virus interface with MSN . I was playing with the URL filter and discovered that it did not work with MSN . At the time , not knowing that the program did not support MSN , I attempted to email tech , they sent 3 emails stating they were on the case but no answer . After 2 days , I called them and spoke with a customer service rep who told me about the MSN problem and directed me to the system requirements on page 1-6 of the owner 's manual , and sure enough , MSN was not listed . I really think that systems not supported by certain software should be listed before buying . I also am not pleased with Trend 's tech support .
 I installed PC-Cillin and when I tried to do anything with the configuration interface , got the message `` The Feature is still loading . Please , wait a moment and try again . '' I waited and waited . I rebooted , twice . Same message every time I tried to Scan or Update or View Logs , etc.Trend Micro Tech Support said this is a known issue . They had me download a new installation package , uninstall , reinstall , etc. etc. . Same problem . Waste of time.Is it just me or have software vendors completely lost their pride ?
 I had high hopes for this product , the newest version of PC-Cillin . It effectively had it all from the virus protection , spam/spyware protection , a firewall , and more.I have used older versions of PC Cillin from the very early # 3 Version right up through to the 2000 version.It was up until that time the best anti virus software I had ever used.I loved its ' ease of use , it did n't used much computer resource and ran in the background doing its ' job admirably catching more than a few unwanted visitors over time.As soon as I installed this program -LRB- full , with all options -RRB- it immediately had the effect of slowing EVERYTHING in my system down to a crawl as well as at times freezing it -LRB- especially when updating the pattern file -RRB- . It also would n't allow various functions to run especially the ScanDisk.The program also seemed to be constantly writing to the drive for some reason or rather , you could clearly hear the indicative `` grinding '' ... so much for this version using little resource and running quietly in the background.I knew immediately this was n't the `` good old days '' . I uninstalled it and re-installed the so-called `` light '' version -LRB- just the basic real-time scan anti virus feature-which in itself is kind of a waste considering everything that this program has built into it -RRB- to see if that would change anything.Not a chance.I run Windows 98 and have a 1.2 GB P3 chip with about 384 of RAM.My system flies and I had never experienced such a `` slowing '' on my system until this moment.The blurb for the product on Amazon AND on the package states it 's supposed to run on such a system as mine.From the get-go I was in immediate contact with Trend Micro `` support '' both on the phone AND through days of back and forth e-mails . Firstly DO NOT expect the person on the other end to know sweet diddly about ... well , anything -LRB- I went through about four different people with no difference -RRB- . They all want YOU to work for THEM by creating a so called ` debug log ' and send it to them , who in turn will pass it on to their tech department.They will tell you that they will analyze the data and get back to you within -LRB- first day , actual answer -RRB- `` three hours '' or -LRB- second day -RRB- `` before the end of the day '' or third day , well you get the idea.They never did get back.No amount of pestering by phone or email could get any concrete answers.One of the last things I was able to get from one operator was that there appeared to be no apparent conflict on my system but they did n't know what could be causing my problem and they were still working on it.I eventually had to get off the `` merry-go-round '' and give up.In the end it screwed my system up so much -LRB- with so many installs and un-installs and taking out other unrelated programs to see if they would have any effect good or bad -RRB- that I had to eventually wipe my hard drive and start fresh.It is now back functioning the way it was before , and the `` problem '' ? ... well I guess PC-Cillin is still `` working on it '' . I have never heard back.Some `` support '' eh?I phoned Amazon and explained the situation and they graciously , as ever , offered a refund on the product.I have indeed taken them up on the offer with many thanks and returned the product.In conclusion if you have a Win/98 system I would advise EXTREME caution if you intend to get this product.Not only for what the product has done to MY system and could do to yours but for the deplorable LACK OF SUPPORT for the product.Due to this very unpleasant experience I will NEVER buy or use another Trend product ever again.As for others with Win/2000 and higher ? I honestly can not say whether it will or will not work on your system but please for your own sakes be absolutely certain before you purchase this.Better safe than sorry .
 this game is labeled as working on mac or pc - it does not work on a mac - I am sending it back
 We have a brand new computer with an intel processor , and windows XP , and I CAN NOT get this game to install and work . It is NOT lack of system requirements . It requires Quicktime 4 to run , and seeing as I have quicktime 7.5 , I begrudgingly uninstalled the better quicktime and reinstalled 4 , and the darn thing STILL would n't work . THEN , I could n't get 4 to get off so that I could reinstall 7.5 . I had to use the system restore to fix the damage this CD caused me to do . I tried uninstalling and reinstalling a number of times , finally I have given up and have resigned myself to the fact that I purchased a $ 10 coaster .
 I bought this for our two 5 year old granddaughters and both their responses were , `` Boring ! '' The technical aspects were remarkable -LRB- furniture changing perspective according to where they were placed -RRB- but the rooms were limited to the amount of furniture or people that could be added , the clipart was limited to too few choices and the dialogue unchanging and insipid . Compared to the Freddi Fish games or My Disney Kitchen this software has nothing of interest to entice them ever to use it again .
 What a waste of twenty bucks . Slow , not funny , utterly lackingcharm or inventiveness . My six year old pumpkin is , appropriately , not interested .
 The game lives up to its name , its a dollshouse . You pick the furniture and put it where you like almost as a number of things refuse to allow you to place them where you want even when there is plenty of room . You can not place an object or person behind another item unless you put the back item in first.The fun part is decorating the rooms and seeing the characters you place in the rooms interact . It would have been nice to have had more variety in the characters as you only get two cinderellas , anastasia drusella and the stepmother , the prince , three mice , a dog , aa cat and a couple of birds.You can change the wallpaper , floor , ceiling , curtains etc -LRB- three choices of each -RRB- Also the furniture has three choices.Disappointing is the promised downloadable decorations , they downloaded but wont run.Overall the game is click and point , so the kids are not amused long and seldom return . It came in a package with three other games otherwise I probably would not have purchased it but games geared towards girls a few and far between with disney and barbie being almost the only ones .
 Our three very computer literate daughters -LRB- ages 3 to 5 -RRB- did n't respond to this game . The graphics were much slower to come up on screen than other games of this type and you do n't get to be very creative with where you put the items in each room . They also did n't like that the click and drag did n't work as well as it does in the Little Mermaid II game . Overall , we would n't recommend this one .
 I had trouble downloading CD . my screen went blank then could not get it out . had to unplug & take battery out to get CD out
 This game will not work on a Mac with OS X 10.5 or above ! It must run in classic mode . See Disney 's support page :[ ... -RSB- Also this game will not work if you are running Window 's XP and your system has more than 1 GB of memory -LRB- and what PC does n't these days -RRB- . If you do you will see this msg
 If I had known in advance that this program contains CDilla spyware / malware , I would not have bought it . I ordered the product already ... but I guarantee it will make a quick trip to the trash-bin UNOPENED.Many thanks to the reviewer who recently pointed out , this program contains CDilla.For those of you who do n't know what CDilla is : It 's spyware , which means it reports across the internet to let the mfr . know if you 're making extra copies . It 's also malware , because it interferes with your CD copying ... not just preventing certain copyrighted CDs from being copied -LRB- OK , OK -RRB- but also just plain preventing your CD burner from copying random CDs properly ... whether there 's a legitimate reason for preventing that copy or not.CDilla sets itself up on an undeclared , self-created partition on your hard disk . Yes , that means it goes in and changes your partition table !!! For some users , that 's going to be a real problems , because monkeying with the partition table is NOT a good idea ... particularly if you have several partitions , dedicated to several flavors of operating system -LRB- Windows and Linux , for example ... with a LiLo-type partition to provide you with a boot-time menu so you can choose which operating system to boot -RRB- . Here 's a quote from extremetech.com 's site , one of many articles about C-Dilla , particularly C-Dilla on Intuit 's TurboTax software . -LRB- Intuit-TurboTax 's version of C-Dilla was n't different from any other version of C-Dilla , just got alot of attention because TurboTax * was * very popular software until C-Dilla became a part of it . -RRB- From the article : `` Likely the biggest problem users have expressed , is the level at which the TurboTax licensing agreement is managed and protected with the SafeCast/C-Dilla technology . People believe C-Dilla infiltrates their system in a very insidious manner , and uses memory and resources even when TurboTax is not loaded . And some believe it has caused them serious compatibility problems with non-related CD writing operations . -LRB- PC Magazine and ExtremeTech will be conducting some tests next week to see if we can duplicate some of these problems -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- or your customers still looking to exit TurboTax for good , the uninstaller at this link now fully removes components of SafeCast/C-Dilla that were previously mostly impossible to remove . `` You can use the search engine at extremetech.com to find this article and related C-Dilla articles , and the very interesting discussions about C-Dilla , what it does , why folks dislike it intensely , etc. etc.In short , C-Dilla is an extremely strong reason for any PC user to avoid this product . Buy something else instead . If you 're planning on using this product at work , forget it ... your Info Technology manager will have a cow if he/she knows that you 're installing destructive trojan/spyware -LRB- C-Dilla -RRB- on the company PCs . If you 've already installed this software on a PC at work , let your IT manager know IMMEDIATELY , so he/she can take steps to remove it . -LRB- Indications are , though , that it 's extremely difficult to remove , and many uninstall programs do NOT remove C-Dilla properly . -RRB-
 I 've been a web professional for over seven years . I loved Dreamweaver 2,3 and 4 . I also have the utmost respect for Macromedia . However ... Macromedia fell short on Dreamweaver MX . It seems as if the good folks at Macromedia tried to accomodate both front end -LRB- html -RRB- and back end developers -LRB- asp , php , etc -RRB- . I have yet to see a backend developer use Dreamweaver and why should the front end developers pay extra for features designed for the backend developer . Me , being a front end developer , will hardly use half of the menu items and buttonsDreamweaver is nice in that combined some of the features of Homesite for those of us who know HTML code , the CSS features are also good ... but here are other problems1 -RRB- . Properties window changes when working on text . I want to see right align , center , and left align icons , but suddenly , I get none of these ! I have to right click on the text and use the menu there .2 -RRB- . The software has bugs ! Crashes alot even doing the simplest tasks .3 -RRB- . No longer can we copy and paste from a source code into the Dreamweaver platform ... that was a nice feature in previous versions of Dreamweaver .4 -RRB- . The software is a very much of a MEMORY HOG ! To develop , I softimes need Photoshop , Flash , and Dreamweaver open at the same time . In addition , I surf the net , get my emails ... so I usually have five or six applications running at the same time.When I shut down Dreamweaver , the performance of my other apps improve.So in other words , I will uninstall Dreamweaver MX and go back to Dreamweaver 3.0 .
 O.K. I bought this some months ago on a colleague 's recommendation . After a few DAYS of going through and trying to create a site I had a mediocre , confusing bunch of mish-mash . So I went back to square one for a few MORE DAYS . This software is really not for visual thinkers . If you are an artist or creative type - Dreamweaver 's not for us . After a couple of weeks I tried FrontPage - it 's worse.I finally found a more visual and intuitive program called Net Objects Fusion 7 , which I also have reviewed.If you want to look at and learn complicated code without really seeing what 's happening Dreamweaver is for you . For the more creative or artistic types or if you do n't want to learn all the complex code I would recommend NetObjects Fusion 7 . It 's by far the best of the 4 programs I have used.I suppose each has their strengths - Dreamweaver has alot of features but they are useless if it takes forever to learn to use them . That 's time I do n't have .
 Macromedia ... you 've lost my business . Other reviewers are right ... Dreamweaver has become bloat-ware with too many features no true web-professional needs.Once upon a time I loved Dreamweaver . It was a great code editor with a simple to use FTP client . But , I 've had enough ; Dreamweaver MX crashes on me 4X a day on average . I 'm going in search of a clean and simple code editor . If I can find one that has some kind of code complete feature for XHTML , CSS and ASP.net , so much the better.Furthermore , thanks to WYSIWYG editors , I fear that too many developers out there do n't really know what they are doing anymore . If you 're a novice , here is my advice
 I laugh when I read some of these reviews on Dreamweaver and they say how great it is . It 's most likely someone who 's never experienced another software , or was suckered into believeing Dreamweaver is God 's gift to man . So what if Dreamweaver has `` super feature X , '' or can double as a ray gun ; bottom line is it 's not easy to learn , and your average user will run into frustration with it.Your average person wants to get a site up and running in as little time as possible . And I really believe the other reviews that say Golive is better , because I 've used both Dreamweaver and Golive and wished I had tried Golive first . But instead I believed the same junk spewing from Dreamweaver die-hards , and wound up paying for not just Dreamweaver but 2 more books to help me to understand it.If you 're a professional and have the plenty of time to invest , and are going to fill up your Web site to the max , then go with Dreamweaver . If you do n't have weeks to learn an application , and if you 're not going to put every applet in the world into your site , then go with Golive .
 Macromedia is like the Hollywood of software
 DW MX is a WYSIMOLWIG -LRB- what you see is more or less what you get -RRB- program , for n00bs who want to make a website . I 'm a proffesional coder -LRB- html , php , asp , js , cgi , perl , css and i can also wark with c -LRB- + + -RRB- , vbs and pascal -RRB- , and this program sux . If you want to make a website , go get yourself a book about html , later php and asp . If you make a website yourself in pure html , you exactly know what you 're doing opposite to dreamweaver . I only use dreamweaver sometimes , to look up a tag , testing a php script or testing something on my html pages.Conclusion
 I was very disappointed with Dreamweaver MX , especially after reading such good reviews for it in various computer magazines . First off , the software is slow and unstable . Stability and performance in Dreamweaver MX are just plain horrible . It should n't take 25 minutes to open a file , 15 minutes to save changes and 30 minutes to switch from Code View to Design View . MX also crashes on me at least twice a day , and what upset me the most was MX 's amazing ability to crash on me WHILE it 's saving a file to my harddrive -LRB- which defeats the whole purpose of trying to save it to begin with -RRB- ... I 'll admit it 's good for building dynamic websites if you do n't already know how -LRB- it can create recordsets , db connections , etc at the click of a button -RRB- . . but as far as productivity goes , I 'm better off with Notepad . I spend more time starring at the hourglass while dreamweaver sucks out all the memory on my computer than I actually do working in dreamweaver . -LRB- and I still have yet to understand what it 's doing for half an hour while it 's saving changes I 've made . -RRB- . . and I 'm running WinXP Pro 2.0 GHz P4 with 256mb RAM which should suffice , even Adobe Photoshop runs with ease on my computer ... Also , if I try to change focus -LRB- switch to a diff . application , miniminze MX , etc -RRB- without first saving changes I 've made , I have to wait 25 minutes because MX just makes noise on my harddrive while it 's switching views . Frustrating.I wo n't buy future versions of Dreamweaver . Sure , it 's good for beginners who do n't really understand how to write code , but I do n't have time to sit and stare at my computer while Dreamweaver gives me an hourglass all day .
 This product consistently crashes multiple times a day . Usually javascript errors or unknown errors . Yes it does rewrite code incorrectly at times and has cost me more work lost than I could actually get done by using it . It is ust an overbloated text editor . Support is horrible . This product is a waste of time and has been since it first introduction . I only use it occasionally because it is slightly better than the most basic text editor and then I still cringe .
 I 'm new to web design and heard DW was powerful , so that 's what I got . I found it overwhealming , way too much for a beginner . I 've had it a couple months , I 've spent a lot on tutorial books , and still have n't gotten usable results -- though I 'm so frustrated now I 've mostly given up.To be fair , if you 're an experienced web design professional , it looks like a useful program .
 As a professional web designer and the web lead for my company , I chose DreamWeaver MX for our primary Web-IDE . It is a decision I have come to regret.DreamWeaver makes many fine promises , but like a presidential candidate , once it 's in the office , it fails to keep those promises . Let me give you some idea what I 'm talking about : Version control : DreamWeaver 's version control is very simplistic , and to be fair , DreamWeaver integrates with MS VSS and Macromedia 's own versioning system , but using the built in version control with DreamWeaver can easily lead to overwritten code and lost files -LRB- as in lost forever -RRB- . DreamWeaver does not play well with CVS or Subversion.Stability : DreamWeaver crashes at least once daily , sometimes with a warning , but usually without . Javascript errors abound . I upgraded my operating system from Windows 2000 to XP Professional in the hopes that I was seeing integration problems , but alas , the crashes continue unabated.Templates : The real reason I chose DreamWeaver was its sophisticated templating system , which would allow me to write parts of the code and farm out the content management to my colleagues , who use either DreamWeaver or Contribute -LRB- a WYSIWYG content-management partner for DreamWeaver -RRB- . Unfortunately , DreamWeaver does n't have a clear grasp of what is editable and what is not . We have noticed that DreamWeaver and Contribute both sometimes will prevent legitimate edits . What 's worse , however , is that DreamWeaver will lose changes to regions that it incorrectly deems uneditable . Depending on the particular situation , DreamWeaver may or may not tell you that it has refused your change.WYSIWYG / Contribute : It 's difficult enough to write code that works in more than one web browser , but if you want your standards-compliant , tableless code to look good in DreamWeaver and Contribute , you had better be prepared to spend a few more hours on each page.Consumer
 What is it with rebates ? Are they just hoping that only a certain percentage will take the time to fight for them when they are `` never recieved '' or `` missing the UPC -LRB- or reciept , or the whatever that was actually included ! -RRB- `` Well , this time , after waiting 10 weeks , I 'm going to take them to small claims over their theft -LRB- failure to give me what 's rightfully mine -RRB- of a $ 25 rebate . I 'm so tired of rebates and rebate scams that it 's time to take a day off and see them in court over this . Ridiculous ? Yup , but so f-ing worth it .
 My company purchased this software for its advertised ability to perform `` Remote FTP Backups '' . Simply stated , this function does not work . When a backup is started utilizing this option , the BackupNow program goes into a loop , and has to be killed in Task Manager.A little background info on me
 Backup Now has a nice user interface , but every time I tried to do a backup , I 'd get a `` file not found '' message , then the backup would abort . I sent numerous emails to NTI tech support , but NEVER received a response . I finally returned the software as defective .
 Hey guess what , it does n't backup your Windows registry ! Just wait and find that out after a crash ... . Also , if a backup drive runs out of space , guess what the software does ... corrupts your entire drive ! This software is just poorly implemented and you should NOT under any circumstances , trust your data to this .
 DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!! It generates all kinds of file errors which are not understandable to the common man . It is very slow , and with compression turned on , it CRAWLS !! The product support is TERRIBLE !! The interface , on the other hand , is a dream come true . It has beautiful , logical , easy-to-follow steps to make your backup file . One thing I do n't quite understand
 When my hard drive failed I attempted to recover my data to another computer . The new backup hard drive label -LRB- D -RRB- was different from the prior hard drive label -LRB- E -RRB- . I could never download data to the new computer from the backup hard drive . I sent at least five emails seeking support and received NO help , NADA . It was like having an airbag that would n't deploy when you needed it . It was too late to find out that it did n't work . I now use GoodSync which is very cheap and easy to use .
 Zero stars for this company 's products ! I was sold a product direct from them that was incompatible . I have spent hours in arguments over refunds , etc. . Sales reps and Cust Sevr untrained . They DO NOT STAND BEHIND THEIR COMPANY/PRODUCT ! BEWARE .
 I 'm a former teacher and a current home educating mother of five . I 'm always on the lookout for fun , educational software for the kids . I had high hopes for this software as I 'm a big fan of Dorling Kindersley books . This game was a huge disappointment . The math problems were much too simple for my 7 , 9 and 10 year old children . The characters in the game also make remarks that are impatient and rude which really turned me off . I would not recommend this one . The Learning Company software is a much better match for our family .
 I purchased it thinking I would be upgrading the Word Perfect part . The other parts did n't interest me that much . It was n't worth my money for that part . It added nothing to word processing that I already had with 12 , so I do n't use it at all .
 I shut down everything like I should and started the installation process . There came a screen that indicated `` installation shield '' and a note requesting patience because it would take a while . Everything was going nicely for the first few minutes and then it froze my system -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- and there was no way out but to turn off the computer.That 's it Corel ; One strike and you are OUT !!! The package is in the mail heading back to Amazon .
 Ca n't get the program to load properly and Corel is no help . I feel I wasted the $ of my employer . Very dissatisfied .
 I have used this software for editing and burning for the last five Years . Recently I downloaded a revised version of it to find it no longer usable for my purpose . Before hand when editing the cursor remained where you left it when stopping the recording . With the new version the cursor returns to the beginning each time , causing to lose your place in the edit . I was told by product support this was necessary to make it compatible it other programs.This is another example of programers that have no hands on experience with their own software , but rather modify perfectly good programs in order to create and promote new whisles and bells .
 Lifeguard failed to back up my data in an orderly fashion . It could not collectively backup all data to a separate hard drive on my computer . I have been unable to recover Outlook Express files which were backed up using Lifeguard prior to a C : / drive reformatting -LRB- necessary because of a virus problem -RRB- . I have been engaged in an e-mail dialogue with the company 's technical support team for almost a year . Assurances that patches would be sent to fix the problems have failed to materialise . On two occasions problems were referred to a research team with no solutions forthcoming.Technical support for Lifeguard is very poor , is all conducted by e-mail and repeats advice ad nauseum even if same previous advice has not solved problem.A very inferior product with very poor support . My rating of `` one star '' is given because there is no provision for awarding `` no stars . ''
 Folks running Outlook 2007 or newer do not need the product as the ability to divide messages already exists within Outlook 2007 and 2010 . What Ella does is to allow the user to separate e-mail into categories . For example , if you want to divide your inbox into two categories such as INBOX and NEWS , Ella manages this by `` memorizing '' e-mail types from examples that you supply . It is a very easy program to use . But , it sometimes causes Outlook to crash . Best solution , in my view , is to use a newer version of MS Office . I have never tried this program with Outlook Express for which it was designed .
 To be honest with you , everyone would be better off without this product . I have downloaded FREE software on the internet that blocked more pop-ups than this program did . Save your money and get a better program .
 I purchased and installed Popup Washer 17 days ago , in this period I had 290 popups , and the number of blocked popups in the log was 63 . So , the success rate was 63 / -LRB- 290 +63 -RRB- , less than 18 % , a dismal rate by any standard .
 If you would like to have a program that allows you to customize your cell formulas or the way tables and graphs are formatted , then buying Business Plan Pro would be like having your worst nightmare come true!Think about spending hours formatting your plan . You want to show the most important figures and text in bold and you use different colors to make reading easier and more atractive . Imagine that you are finally finished . You like what you see on the screen and your plan is ready to be printed and shown to your shareholders , bankers , bosses or grandma.To your surprise , none of your formatting is printed . BPP is not a `` what you see on the screen is what you get on the printed version '' type of program . It is more a `` what Palo Alto wants to show is shown without caring about what the customer needs to highlight '' type of program.So , unless you can convince grandma to browse through your plan on your computer , do n't bother formatting your tables . It is a waste of time that wo n't be shown to anyone that wants to read your plan in a piece of paper.If that happens with formatting , picture the trouble that it is to write a business plan that needs some complicated formulas to forecast sales and expenses or to measure profitability in a certain way and have the program crash every now and then in the middle of the programming.I would not complain if only Palo Alto had advertised its product as a `` game '' or as a business tool not suited for those pressed by a deadline or for those who want to use formatting as a way to enhance a business plan . Then , I would not have expected much for what I payed .
 After doing a little research , this seemed like the best of the automated business plan builders , so I purchased it despite its shelf life of 6 years . While many older programs run fine on Windows Vista , this is definitely not one of them ! First of all , it tried to update itself upon its initial opening but could not find my Internet connection -LRB- which I promptly verified was working -RRB- . It then crashed within ten minutes of first use when I tried to drag a bulleted line item to another position in the list . It again crashed when I tried to skip a section not applicable to my plan -LRB- which is allowed -RRB- . It also crashes randomly . In other words , it is completely unusable on my up-to-date version of Vista SP1 . I would cautiously recommend the product -LRB- which seems like it would be helpful -RRB- only if you plan to run it on Windows XP .
 re
 I just bought the internet security suite version 8.0 last month January . You 'd would think that getting Mcaffe would protect your computer , but it does n't . Infact it made things worse.Immediately I installed it , my computer could not connect to the internet . Then i tried to unistall it , but it refused to remove . Now , my computer is damaged.Just yestersday , i put in a cd to listen to music . But guess what ? There was no sound coming out of it . I have had his computer for about 3 years and not had this problem before.I guess Mcaffe is detoriorating with its new products.Next time , I would listen to my father and get a Norton version instead.MY ADVICE FOR YOU IS NOT TO PURCHASE Mcaffe internet security suite at all . But if you do , be prepared to experience problems and not get the value of what you paid for .
 How many stages of `` it just does not work ! '' do you want to hear about MCAFEE Viruscan ? -LRB- PART OF MCAFEE INTERNET SECURITY SUITE 2006 -RRB- How about loading it onto the computer ... and NOT being able to in any way download the first or any other updates . And the slowdown of the computer ... intermittent freezes and os crashes ... How about the 30 day money back guarantee stated on the back of the box ... which I would have taken advantage of ... but I said ... what the heck , it comes with a 40 DOLLAR rebate which is what I paid for the thing at STAPLES office store ... 40 DOLLARS for the VirusScan that is ... which is due any day now ... so perhaps I can work with it and get something out of it. , get the rebate , and at least use the CD for a nice drink coaster.Then six weeks goes by ... and I received a printed mass mailed type of postcard saying my rebate was ineligible and incorrect and only partially completed.I took a full hour to carefully read the -LRB- seemingly -RRB- volumes of instructions , caveats , disclaimers , and warnings about the rebate and its process . After checking it over with my fianc&eacute; , who is a LEGAL SECRETARY at a nearby firm , we sent it all in ... receipts , numbers , parts of the box , etc. . A real pain in the butt rebate to complete.After painstakingly and carefully going to all that trouble , just this denial postcard shows up.This has been one HORRIBLE company for me ... Last year , I WAS running a Mcafee product when my hard drive was invaded and taken over before a crash ... have still not recovered the data . The program never saw or indicated an invader , TROJAN , or whatever . Useless , nonworking piece of junk in my not so humble opinion . . STILL want to buy Mcafee VirusScan ? Save time and your effort and walk to bathroom ... lift toilet lid ... drop two twenties into tank ... flush twice.Recap ... the full promised price rebate is the HOOK for the sale for Viruscan . . The 30 day money back guarantee on the box back is the net . This gives a feeling of security if you are doubtful about all the bad reviews you have read about McAfee on Amazon.The nonworking up dater and the impotent protection is the product itself that you are stuck with . . The final insult and the GOTCHA ! is the cheesy postcard arriving well past guarantee expirations for returns , saying basically , no dice , pal . Gotcher money , and ya ai n't gettin ' it back.This was my experience , but another freebie download from the company site a year or two ago gave me great trouble in removing it from my hard drive . I had to manually delete the files and folders myself . And it seemed to interfere with normal functioning of the rest of my programs.I recommend the corporate version of Symantec antivirus , and an old version of Norton Internet Security . -LRB- the 2001 program -RRB- , that Norton Internet Security version firewall needed no fixing . I do not like the new Norton Personal Firewall at all . Hard to delete the freebie version also . Bear in mind that Virus protection is a weak solution to computer security ... ANY virus protection . The real vulnerable part of XP and 2000 Windows is the policy control by profiles ... better password protect the administrator profile . ESPECIALLY if you are running or have installed on 2000 or XP the Internet Information Server option , which basically makes your computer open and extremely vulnerable to the internet world at large . I recommend Uninstalling the IIS option unless you are in a company network . VERY dangerous piece of software .
 I received email notifying me that my subscription was about to expire . So , I clicked on the `` Buy Now '' button next to `` At special discount pricing for loyal McAfee customers like yourself ! '' -LRB- -LRB- ... -RRB- -RRB- After checking around , I found that I was so special to McAfee that with an extra two bucks , I could purchase TWO copies of the product from Amazon ! -- I understand volume pricing , but this is ridiculous . BUY AT AMAZON ! -LRB- I have absolutely no connection with Amazon . -RRB-
 Tried today for the second time to install McAfee ISS 2006 v8 from purchased disc . First time , about a week ago , the installation attempt on my HP notebook with Media Center apparently completed successfully , but on restart , taskbar functions , including `` start '' button were no longer operational . Troubleshooting revealed a missing file , uninstall was n't working , computer basically died with its eyes open and end result was a complete re-installation of the OS from disc.Today 's attempt did n't have such a drastic effect . The installation just hung up , never completed and brought all processes to a halt . Recovery was simply removing the McAfee disc , shutting down through Task Manager , rebooting and uninstalling what McAfee was there -LRB- uninstall was working this time . -RRB- Excuse me . I 've removed viruses manually with less trouble and in less time . It should n't be this difficult to install an anti-virus program . I 've been using anti-virus since my first computer in 1995 and have never encountered such problems . This is not a `` user friendly '' product . I should have taken my friend 's advice ... she has McAfee and has had nothing but problems . She 's less adept with computers than I , but I ca n't even get it installed so I can have her problems ! I can not recommend this product to anyone who does n't have a whole lot of technical expertise.Oh yeah , I 've been to the web site and looked for support . I 'm still afraid to try a third time .
 McAfee should never have released this Security Suite . It would not even make for a good beta release . I did the upgrade , lost my networking ability . So I upgraded to the total Protection package . Then I lost my ability to print on my network printer . McAfee was ZERO help . Thier Tech support advised me to uncheck each box in McAfee until I could discover what part of the program was causing the problem . Did that and never discovered the problem . It is somewhere in the spooler I would think as the printer would only print the top 1 or 2 inches of a page and then eject the page . I have been a loyal McAfee customer for 20 years but am now looking for a new Security Company . Oh and by the way , I heard on the news that this program leaves your computer open to attack , but McAfee is working on a fix . Boy that should make you feel better .
 This product causes Visual Studio to crash . If you are a software developer do n't install this product . It will cause you hours of frustration and downtime.Please go to Mcafee 's website and browse their support forums!This is a horrible product.This product prevents Visual Studio 2005 from opening any web projects . It also causes problems with iTunes , SQL Server 2000/2005 and a host of other applications . It also has a severe performance impact on most computer systems . There are many angry subscribers who were pushed this product as an upgrade to ISS 7 , who now have unusable computers . Because Mcafee wo n't provide a path to downgrade to the previous version , a users only option is to uninstall the product . Unfortunately for subscribers receiving an upgrade , a refund is not possible . Mcafee is weaseling out of refunding subscribers money by enforcing their 30 day return policy . This is in-spite of the fact it is only the brand upgrade forced on everyone that is causing problems .
 I bought McAfee Internet Security Suite 2006V8 based on the recommendation of the person who sold me my computer . Unfortunately , this purchase was a frustrating , time consuming mistake . The software apparently conflicted with some other software I was loading and led to a lock up of my new computer . I went into recovery mode and reloaded my software . Again and again and again the McAfee software would not load . Unfortunately , McAfee does not have any tech support . You get to enter question -LRB- s -RRB- into a forum and someone who apparently may or may not work for McAfee may or may not respond . I spent many hours over the course of a Sunday and Monday -LRB- probably 12 or more hours -RRB- . I eventually got a response . I did things on a computer that I have never done before -LRB- and probably had no business doing -RRB- . The McAfee number is 59.95 per hour if actually want to talk to a person . Frankly , I find it surprising that McAfee would treat its customers so poorly . I would stay away from this product . As a practical matter for non-experts , if Norton -LRB- or McAfee -RRB- is preloaded on the new machine you buy you will probably save yourself some trouble by sticking with it . That said , McAfee does not even realize that it is in the service business because protection really is a service . The only hero in all this is Circuit City . Circuit City stepped up and refunded my money . I congratulate Circuit City on treating customers decently .
 I have used McAfee products for several years , including previous versions of Internet Security Suite . Nevermore!The Security Suite product comes with several components
 Much of what you read in the other reviews should convince you already to not buy this product , or any McAfee product . Technical issues aside , the fact McAfee forces their own pop-ups onto your screen -LRB- they pop up from the lower right of your taskbar -RRB- is quite the irony . I have security so I do n't get pop-ups . Frustratingly , there is no way to override the pop-up except uninstalling the product - shocking - more like adware than a friendly good product . The values of McAfee show they do not have your interests at heart . Go with Norton , or perhaps a guru has a better solution than either of these mainstream companies .
 Norton was the best anti-virus around 2000 . Problem was , you could n't get their stuff on sale . They knew they were good . McAfee got you to buy their things by giving you trial softare , and letting you keep running the old versions . When XP came out , I had to get the best ... Norton . McAfee was n't even ready . However , later when I re-evaluated McAfee was catching things Norton would n't . They got the edge back . I switched . When I went to buy the new one , I started getting pop-ups during on-line work , classes , games , omg . McAfee tells you , unless you uninstall their software you ca n't disable to pop up . But , this is what got me . I had -LRB- 2 -RRB- key loggers McAfee did n't catch
 I have McAfee Antivirus that came with my laptop purchased early 2005 . Before renewal in that is due in April , I wanted to have a CD that is for 2006 . But I can not install it because with updates my antivirus is Version 8.0 , since McAfee refuse to extend the expiration date I had been trying to return the product to Amazon for over 3 weeks . Somehow the Return Authorization package has not arrived yet . I am at a loss , hope to resolve the issue via email .
 I bought the full McAfee Security Suite 2006 and then could n't get it to register , which meant I could n't get any updates , making the software worthless . The McAfee support people were n't able to help me despite many hours on the phone , plus their `` fixes '' messed up my computer so horribly that I had to reformat my hard drive . Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere for protection .
 This is the second time I have had this suite on my computer , and the only reason it 's there is because it came installed with my new computer.It uses far too many resources , and the `` verify subscription '' is nothing more than a marketing ploy that forces you to log onto the McAfee website and be treated to a marketing page.You would think that the verify subscription would kick in as you neared the end of your subscription . . nah , it not only kicks in , but if you have the entire suite installed , you get treated to their marketing page every day for EACH component.If you do n't have IE or Netscape installed , then the `` verify subscription '' wo n't work . If you happen to be in the middle of something else , you have to stop everything to allow it to connect to the internet and verify , else it will DISABLE YOUR PROGRAM.This technique is nothing short of hyjacking your computer.It uses far too many resources , do yourself a favor and buy ZoneAlarm or NOD32 instead .
 Just more of the same from McAfee . When my subscription ran out , I switched to AVG , ran a scan , and immediately found 83 infected files that McAfee had ignored . Worse , I could not uninstall McAfee , and the popups appear every time I boot up . Worse yet , McAfee automatically charged me for a renewal of their product . I sent a disclaimer asking for the subscription fee to be refunded , and have not heard anything yet . Do NOT buy this product-there are much better ones on the market !
 Just bought this software and found out that it makes one create a user account with name , email address and password to update the firewall , this is reason enough not to buy mcafee , well something got mixed up with my email and password and tech support was an infuriating experience . I choose mcafee because it is cheap , now I will purchase the ZoneAlarm which is higher rating anyway .
 Not only is my system crawling , but I have spent nearly 6 weeks since trouble shooting the SpamKiller software trying to get my Outlook Express to work properly . I tried every fix in their online arsenal , contacted McAffee via their chat and even the technician could n't explain why spamkiller was killing my email . He suggested to uninstall and reload program . He even suggested that I buy the extended download option . I did that and nothing changed . I have now had to unistall in hopes of anyone being able to contact me -LRB- I could n't receieve or send ... even to those on my `` friends '' list -RRB- A waste of 40 or 50 hours of my time.Don ' t buy ... not worth the so-called bells and whistles -LRB- I paid 69.99 -RRB- I wish I had just updated my virus scan and left it at that . My server provides the other stuff free .
 I picked this up with my dell . The Dell was great . McAfee was fine until I switched on the privacy service . It was so painful I uninstalled it - that 's when the problems really started . It stopped all internet access . Finding your way around the McAfee support site is really hard - very confusing and ultimately no solution . At the momemt I can use the internet but if I use the WinXP ` switch user ' option and leave a copy of IE running the second user can not use the internet.Too much effort to work out how to fix it . We just have to live with it . Needless to say McAfee wont get any more money from me . I wish I 'd read this site before parting with my money .
 I had a problem with Spam and went to level 2 who remoted into my computer and caused all kinds of problems . The repairs cost $ 200 to resolve the problems and remove the software . I have never been happy with the lack of telephone customer service . In addition it took 5 cases to get a level 2 person and this process took 6 months . I ca n't believe I worked with them that long . I have Trend Micro and love it !
 So I had an issue with the SpamKiller and contacted live chat support.I was concerned about a confirmation dialog box not popping up when I tried to send a report to McAfee Security . The Rep I was chatting with at first tried to tell me there there was no such box when it clearly says in the Help section that there is . After 30 minutes of not being helpful , the prototypical customer support cop out answer finally came
 I am an online subscriber of the entire suite of McAfee security products . The latest upgrade is a disaster , and if you do n't believe it , check their user forums . Printers dropping out , networks dropping out , incoming and outgoing e-mails , blocked , software compatability issues . After approximately 40 hours of trying unsuccessfully to install this thing , I finally demanded a refund for a non-working product.At that point , you get to the other reason not to do business with Mcafee . Beyond bad customer service , they do not give refunds more than 30 days after their automatic renewals . I finally got one by threatening to go to the FTC and seek out a class-action attorney , because I was paying for non-working software.On top of that , the suite is a resource hog and will slow your system down.I 'm not just a disgruntled user . I 'm a furious one . I 've been a faithful Mcafee customer for years . This disastrous update not only cost many business owners , like me , time and money that we will never get back . It also was evidence of exactly how little Mcafee will do to help its customers , when they put out a bad version.Don ' t buy it . You 'll regret it .
 My new Dell B110 came loaded with this McAfee Internet Security S/W . Right away there were problems - the SpamKiller kept my MS Outlook Express from functioning properly . Then I made the mistake of going through McAfee to buy System Mechanic 6 because I wanted something to keep my PC healthy . I discovered my sound was scratchy and skipping even with an external USB sound device - as CPU loading went up , the sound got worse . I had to uninstall both of these products and do a clean install from CDs of my Windows XP to get the sound working and I went to a competitor 's product that combines internet security and system maintenance . Now I can use my PC as a jukebox to play my ripped CDs . The sound is great and independent of CPU loading .
 I tend to put more stock in user ratings than in editor ratings where lucrative advertising contracts can loom in the balance . I received a 3 year subscription to McAfee Security with the purchase of my new PC . So I figure why not try it out . Trouble is I can not seem to get it registered . I spoke with 2 different help desk techs . The first took my information and told me it would be registered automatically after 24 hours . IT WAS N'T ! The second service tech told me I needed to fax in to her my proof of purchase ! And in 2 to 3 business days it would be registered . I asked her if I could email it . NO ! I HAD TO FAX IT ! How archaic is that ? I then told her I guess I need to purchase a fax machine to register my software huh ? She said I could go to any public library to fax it . `` How many libraries do you think are in Hamshire , Texas where we have a couple of hundred alligators , 2 or 3 thousand cows , and a handful of people ? '' Her response , `` I am sorry for the inconvenience ! `` Both service techs told me they could help me get it registered when I first spoke to them . Neither one was able too . If their registration process is this cumbersome , I really doubt their ability to protect my PC . No telling what process I will have to do if a threat comes along ! I think I am going back to Norton Internet Security ! My advice is to steer clear of McAfee !
 I have nothing good to say about this package . Not only will this software bog down even the fastest computer to a snail 's pace , what 's worse is that shortly after purchasing this brand new , factory sealed software , I am now informed that my `` subscription has expired , '' and that I must pay a substantial fee for new virus definitions ! I purchased this software three weeks ago!And good luck contacting their so-called `` Customer Service . '' McAfee 's idea of customer service is to list dozens of FAQs , none of which are likely to actually address your particular situation , and then make sure there is no possible way to phone them with questions.I sincerely believe McAfee has committed an act of felony fraud in grossly misrepresenting this product . Anyone care to join me in a class action suit against McAfee ?
 I have the 2005 version of this software . It intalled OK but had to be reinstalled several times over a year and made things slower than I liked . But then I got the dreaded `` Black M `` The red M icon on the taskbar turned black and said my antivirus protection was disabled , while the main Security Center screen showed it was OK.After about 45 minutes on a chat with India , they had me run a test program that informed me I had `` Black M '' and it was probably a virus!The AV program could n't find it so now I am supposed to `` upgrade my problem ticket '' , with no information on how to do that.I dread talking to `` support '' for another few hours , so I am trying PC-Cillin . I used to use Norton , back in the good old days when things worked , but now it is too big and bloated with no support and lots of bugs too .
 This particular product did not do it 's job very well . My system ended up with viruses and all other sorts of bugs .
 This product ruined my little home network -LRB- 2 pcs -RRB- . Suddenly I could n't print from the remote pc , and all the browsers ran so slowly they were unusable . Having this on your system is worse than having a virus ! Avoid this product .
 If you can believe it , this application is worse to deal with even than the most frustrating Microsoft app . I use Symantic on my laptop , but have had McAfee on my desktop for the past five years . Version 8 is the breaking point . I do n't need to log in with a password everytime I reboot , but McAfee seems to think differently . I 've repeatedly disabled this feature , but it it reenabled each time I try to work on the PC.I should have been tipped off when I attempted to renew my virus protection subscription . McAfee notified me that there was no option for renewal , and offered me a single option , at twice what I had paid last year . Downloading the new software went painlessly , but loading and launching it took 3-1/2 hours -LRB- compared with a relatively painless 3 minutes with Symantec -RRB- . The refund policy is also suspect , and potentially criminally -LSB- ... -RSB- The McAfee help site provides information on how to uninstall the software , but is totally silent on how to obtain a refund . Messages to their tech support group are so far unanswered .
 I have had earlier versions of this product which worked OK -LRB- except the SPAM blocker was over zealous -RRB- . I bought the upgrade on CD and after TWO months I get an expiration message . This is where it gets to be a nightmare . I have spent HOURS with McAfee support who have had me download programs aimed to clean out remnants of older versions and deleting lines from the registry . Literally hours and hours later , dozens of re-boots , working in Windows SAFE mode it still wo n't work . This product is a waste of money and a waste of time . I am looking into a class action suit . Any one want to join ?
 Do NOT buy this product . Support is hopeless in the UK , France and the US . You ca n't contact sales or get your money back . I have spent weeks just trying to install it . It just stops and say there is an error and ca n't continue - goodbye.Written by idiots who do n't care . Avoid it.I only gave it one start because you ca n't give less ...
 Do NOT buy this Product !!! I urge you not to subject yourself to the pure misery and lost time I have incurred due to this product . I could not even get this product to install correctly . I procured the wonderful -LRB- sarcasim implied -RRB- online `` free '' help from McAfee who proceed to guide me into destroying my machines operability by changing values on my registry . Then , I could not receive anymore help from them because my computer crashed and unless you want to pay an exorbitant price you have to use there online chat help!I has taken days from my life to fix the problem they caused !! I wish I had read the other predominately negative reviews of this product before buying and STAYED AWAY FROM IT !
 I installed McAffe thinking that it would do better than the freebie spyware and adware scanners you can get online . Was I wrong ! This program causes all sorts of problems.Not only does it slow down you system , but I also had a problem with the software as it would continually cause errors when I tried to update it . Your computer start up will be as slow as a snail after this as well.Wouldnt recommend to my worse enemy ...
 McAfee insists on checking with the internet every time I reboot the computer to make sure I am REALLY a registered user . Half the time I ca n't remember my password and have to go back and find it . This is annoying . Also , when it once found a virus in something , it did n't know what to do with it . So I had to go find another software to remove it . What do I have this software for if it lets them in ? I wo n't renew .
 I just got the automatic upgrade . THE PROGRAM DOES NOT HAVE A CLOSE FEATURE !!! That 's right , once it 's running on your computer , you can not close it . I went to the manufacturer 's tech support forum . Apparently , the people at McAffe have n't decided upon whether or not to include such a feature . I feel like I just downloaded a piece of malicious software ! Read on for more complaints ...
 Is there an option for 0 stars?I 've been running McAfee on my 3 home computers for the past several years . When I purchased/renewed/upgraded to the latest version of Security Center , my system began to lock-up almost constantly . A busy time of year for me , it took several weeks to determine that McAfee was clearly the problem -LRB- I uninstalled it and my lock-up problems ceased . I reinstalled it and they returned . -RRB- I spent several sessions with their free `` Chat '' support - it 's a good things those guys are literate , because everything they know they read from the knowledge base available over the internet . I 'd already read that , so 3 + hours were wasted on that adventure.I decided to try and get a refund . McAfee has a 30 day refund policy . This seems reasonable until you realize that they start nagging you to renew your produce licence 60 days prior to the expiration date . After ignoring their pop-up box reminders for almost a month , I renewed just to get them off my back . Interestingly , the new software would n't load until the expiration date of the old software , at which point my 30 days for return was already past -LRB- it 's from purchase date , not install date -RRB- . I did manage to convince their customer service to provide me with free phone support -LRB- they usually charge for that -RRB- . After waiting 2 hours ! on hold , I finally talked to a gentleman who listened to the history of my problem and said he 'd be able to resolve it . This was a known problem -LRB- system lockup when opening Outlook or Internet Explorer -RRB- . First I had to reinstall the software . He directed me to download the software that supposedly included the patch . When I refused to end the phone call while the software loaded - in case there were additional problems - he promised to call me back . Surprise ! He never did.After the software loaded , the same problems persisted . So , I sat on hold another two hours . The new tech support guy knew exactly where to go . Seems it 's still an ongoing problem and the existing patch did n't fix my problem . We turned off the McAfee Proxy Server and away we went . We sent and received e-mail and surfed . Everything appeared fine ... until the next morning when I started my computer up again.Two days of periodic lockups -LRB- although not as bad as before -RRB- and today I sat 1.5 hours on the phone , with instructions to turn off the McAfee e-mail proxy and the McAfee redirector service . Oh , and here 's the kicker . Each time I call for my free support , it 's only good for another 3 days . Today is Friday . My support ends on Monday . They do n't work weekends . In order to extend my support , I 'll need to sit on hold for hours Monday just to ping my case number and extend it for another 3 days.Why is it the phone company and the cable company can automatically take your information and call you back when they have a customer service representative available , preventing ticked off customers who waited on hold extended periods of time . Surely a `` technical '' company could employ this technology!Why is it that they find all kinds of ways to sneak into my PC and nag me when my subscription is about to expire , take my money , then refuse all technical service for a faulty product they released . One would think they 'd fall all over themselves trying to protect `` their good name '' after a bad release.Well , they wo n't get any more of my money . My advice , find different software to protect your system . This company does not stand behind their product .
 About three weeks after I purchased this software it suddenly , and with no reason , quit working . I first tried calling McAfee Tech Support but found that it was a toll call and quite expensive . I then tried their internet site . They have a tool called `` Internet Virtual Technician '' so I tried it.To my great surprise , it worked but the program is extremely slow and took four attempts and almost four hours to correct the problem.I am now shopping for an anti-virus program for my wife 's computer and it certainly wo n't be this one .
 I do n't know for sure what version I have -- the `` about '' dialog does n't say , and I do n't see a version mentioned anywhere else . Anyway , I got a three year subscription . I did n't mind too much having to connect to the internet to verify my subscription once , but every few days ???? I have had it for over a year now and one or more components will disable itself until I connect to the internet to verify my subscription . When you do connect and verify , you have to manually reenable that component . But if you have no internet available as is often the case with my laptop , then you are denied the service you 've already paid for and have already verified repeatedly . -LRB- And yes , you need protection even when not connected to the internet -- viruses were wide-spread before most people knew what the internet was . -RRB- Also , it decided one of my files was infected with a worm , so it deleted the file . It did n't put it in quarantine like it was supposed to , and it gave me no option to block the deletion . I am 99.99 % positive it was n't infected . According to everything I could find on the internet about the subject worm , it should have left all kinds of evidence on my computer of its presence , but it would n't have even touched the file that was supposedly infected . Neither McAfee nor Norton could find any other evidence of the worm , and a manual inspection turned up nothing either.Finally , it seems to be `` Internet Security for Dummies '' because you have next to no ability to view or modify the configuration , preferences , etc. -LRB- SpamKiller was so bad I finally uninstalled it . -RRB- It 's great to have defaults that `` just work '' , but most users will need to adjust those defaults from time to time .
 I like McAfee but I have been unable to update my internet security suite with this version 8 . I have performed the recommended corrections from their trouble shooting site . . but it has not worked . I will just have to wait for the newer version .
 Guaranteed to S L O W your system to a crawl and cheat you too!Problem # 1
 The traditional red packet of `` McAfee Internet Security Suite '' has been replaced by a shiny and nicely designed black one . This seems to be the most remarkable alterance that buyers will get after forking-out their hard-earned dough ! Only very little has changed
 Terrible , Terrible Terrible . It has a few components phishing , firewall . virus , security , anti-spam . When I installed it , it went for updates -LRB- one at a time -RRB- and required a reboot for each . It then it complained I still was n't secure get the anti-phishing . I downloaded it and it and guess what it required an update . About 10 % the time it crashes on update.The anti-phishing filter stopped my PC from connecting to the enternet . Smart move by McAfee no internet connection no phishing . Microsoft crash report sent me to their website which said hey you cann ' t connect due to the anti-phising filter delete a . dat file . I did and it still did n't connect.Twenty reboots , no connectivity and 1 bad patch later I unistalled .
 The sad thing about this review is that McAfee do n't give a damn . Customer service amounts to `` thats a software problem so contact the unhuman face of our technical department '' . Technical service is even worse , their solution to each of my problems is re-install the software . The Privacy Service is a joke , one of the worst applications ever developed , it 's a disgrace . When you buy this product prepare yourself for endless subscription verifications which until verified leave your system vunerable to attack . Cos remember you have to connect to the internet to verify . My firewall was disabled until I verified the Firewall component of my software . Yes folks , my FIREWALL was DISABLED until I verified my subscription for the umpteenth time . An absolutely dispicable state of affairs . As someone else suggested this software is verging on being criminal . Remember also , McAfee do n't give a damn , try contacting them to complain , to complain to someone who will get something done . PLEASE PLEASE AVOID THIS SOFTWARE . My package was purchased less than five months ago and I going to look for something else and then get rid of this McAfee garbage .
 Just how bad is MacAfee 's Internet Security Suite 2006 in the 8.0 version ? It will slow your computer down so much you will think your computer was manufactured in the mid-nineties and you are using a dial-up , not a high speed connection to the Internet . It will make it painfully difficult to download e-books from one of the most trusted sites , Amazon.com . It tried this morning to remove a valuable tool for correcting errors in my computer 's registry . It also makes my computer freeze . I have long wondered why I could not easily reach a technical expert like I could at Microsoft ; I have learned from from one of the reviews of this product that McAfee has a dearth of technical experts . Of course , if you decide to make that call to McAfee , you will pay a lot . I also learned today that McAfee rejects many of the rebate applications . I 'll find out soon enough if the company also does that to me .
 Aargh , as part of my Dell laptop , I was given a free 3-yr subscription to McAfee . All I can say is I truly got what I paid for
 I have a grad degree and I have worked in an internet position for aFortune 20 company and this software is the single most frustrating , most difficult piece of work I have ever dealt with . I finally gotsome relief by uninstalling the whole works and Ive bought somethingelse -LRB- still evaluating -RRB- . A virus would be less frustrating .1 . Every other week since Ive owned it , part or all of its programcrashes . It can be triggered by anything ... like you not beingactive on your computer for 2 days .2 . These crashes require you to uninstall , shutdown , reinstall , shutdown , search for updates -LRB- which take forever on cable even andit doesnt give you an indicator bar of expected time forcompletion -RRB- , then , restart again . Then , when you scan for viruses , of course , there are none . Its just another software snafu . Theseseem to go on every other week .3 . If you ask for help , which I did once , I was sent a sermon 2.5 pages long -LRB- about 2 days later -RRB- that basically said ... `` we are verybusy , so go to the FAQs on their site . '' What great customerservice . And , by the way , to get help , you have to go thru a myriadof crap on their site .4 . Their updates seem to slow your system to a crawl.Good ridance Mcafee .
 Why would you use a product that causes your computer to perform at around 50 percent of its actual capabilities ? I mean , are you REALLY that scared of a computer virus ? Any protection offered by this program has to be weighed against the loss of performance . These programs will add a substantial amount of time to your boot up process , need to be updated constantly , and are generally just a pain in the rear to deal with . AVOID !
 I just downloaded Internet Explorer 7 beta 3 onto windows xp professional . I had McAfee installed - what a mistake . They seem to use internet explorer technology for their interface and IE7 kept reporting errors with result I could not log in . Getting back onto the net was painful . My route was to try and get into the McAfee Security Center and disable the Privacy Service . This took some ten or more attempts with restarts but finally I was able to turn it off and get the net back . This was done by combination of clicking the rhs Security Centre window button - which shut the window , then clicking on the disable privacy service link in the security centre and typing in the password when the window came up and clicking the left window button . Do it enough times and it works.I 've just been Googling for how to uninstall this rubbish and thought I 'd make a comment before effecting changes that could hang my machine.Wish me luck , I 'm about to start uninstalling . I mean think about it , McAfee wed themselves to specific bits of explorer and then when the version changes their program stops working . Total incompetence .
 Nice idea , but simply does not work . When I try to update it with the latest version , keeps giving me registration error . I already registered the product , but even though I can login from the McAfee website , I can not upgrade it using the product itself . Tired of communicating with the tech support . They had me reinstall , run XP in safe mode , and install scripts , none worked . I think , this is a premature product which was not extensively tested to catch the Christmas season . Especially naive users should be aware , it has been a nightmare for me as a CS MS.
 This program was FREE from Comcast internet service and I got what I paid for . The program installed easily enough and had many fine options . After installing , we started , after about 3 months , to haev problems with the TCP/IP stack . We could get email , see other computers on the network , and access network files , but could not get webpages or access the internet . I tried everything , from swapping out the wireless card to repairing the stack to tearing my hair out . Then , one day , I decided to use the task manager to shut down this program . This program is deeply embedded in the OS that it is impossible to shutdown without using task manager to manually turn off about 10 running programs . Being fairly computer literate I manage to shut it all down and internet connectivity returned immediately.I called support , and they told me it was not possible that the program did that . I must have configured it incorrectly . Right there , sitting on the phone , we defaulted all settings and I rebooted . After 2 minutes and one website , it blocked off all internet connectivity again . The network was visible , email came and went , but no internet . Even with me logged on as the parent and supervisor and the firewall turned off.You can not EASILY remove elements of the program . Once they are installed , they are installed . Period . You can not turn things on and off easily . When I logged on to the computer as the sysadm and logged onto the program as admin , no change . Internet was still blocked.I uninstalled the product and this computer 's internet connectivity problem was solved . The computer was bare of any protection except for windows firewall so my child was instructed no IM , no email and no webpages except for a specified list . We then obtained and obtained Norton Internet Security 2007 = I already had this on another computer . We installed it and it works properly without any issues on connectivity.Macafee Support ultimately blamed me and my computer for their program blocking internet access . Yet , as soon as I deleted or stopped their program running , I had no problems . This computer was a dead stock , modern version compaq with a gig of ram and nothing was installed on it except games . NIS discovered no problems with trojans , virusses or hijackers when a full system scan was run after install . So , it was not my computer and was this program . Beware.Finally , as with all macafee products , it was a resource hog . it takes a long time to load a boot and takes a LOT of system resources . I had NOTHING running the background , no im client , no compaq/hp system spyware , nothing but the operating system and the product and I was down to 65 % system resources .
 Twenty years using computers , and this is the first virus scanner that does n't allow me to tell it what drives it should scan . It 's very obvious -LRB- to anyone with half a brain -RRB- that we might not want to scan all of them . In my case , the program `` hangs '' while scanning my . Mac iDrive . I do n't need that drive scanned , but there 's no way to tell the product a simple thing like that.Other than that , frankly , I 've had zero problems .
 I had been using McAfee on 4 PCs in my household for about a year , as I get a FREE download of Virus Scan , Firewall , and Security Center from my ISP . I always liked their Virus Scan . Firewall was OK.Then I made the mistake of allowing the automated update download to the next version of Security Center . Program came with a bunch of extra utilities that do n't have a lot to do with VirusScan or Firewall . Ran Disk Space recover once . I noted that the default of the program is to delete ALL of your previous System Restore points ! Fortunately , I disabled that selection , because when I ran the disk cleanup utility , McAfee deleted the program that lets Microsoft know I have a legal version of Windows ! I immediately got pop-ups from MS , indicating that I have pirate software , and need to buy Windows . I restored to an earlier point and fixed the issue.A few weeks later , the virus definitions would not download anymore . In trying to download & install the program again to fix the problem , the McAfee install script incompletely uninstalled the old software , and then would hang when trying to reinstall . 6 hours of Chat Support from McAfee later , I have been able to clean out most of the old software , but unable to reinstall McAfee.As an added `` Bonus '' , the utility IEREGFIX.BAT that they supply on their support site as part to their troubleshooting and maintenance had disabled Windows Media Player for all user accounts except the administrator account . Took another 3 hours to go back to System Restore about 3 weeks ago , and re-do all of the updates to my PC that I had made in the last 3 weeks.I have now installed ZoneAlarm . Much faster to load at boot , works well , and most importantly , it has n't trashed my system !
 My ISP , recommended I download McAfee Security Center . It not only significantly slowed my new system down but it crushed two email clients - one irreperably . McAfee would only offer phone support to repair this damage of their creation at $ 3 . + / minute . With service like this who needs internet security ? This blatant extoration -LRB- a respectful - if short lived - business model -RRB- separates the crooks from McAfee how ? Where are the state and federal regulators when you need them ?
 This is just appalling with little effective support . I keep getting a win32 error after downloading from their website . Keep clear , Norton is a safer bet .
 protection ; sure . it appears that most hackers and spyware companies have managed to crack mcafee and are able to install anything they want on your pc with this product.total waste of money . customer service - what a joke .
 The only reason I had to experience McAfee again is because it came with my new Dell desktop without an option for another service -LRB- 2 year sub -RRB- . I run Norton on my laptop and love it.Owned my new desktop for 3 days - ended up with some Privacy Center corrupt file - could n't uninstall - when I did it left an enormous amount of McAfee files and folders on my PC . Had to spend hours on LiveChat with a tech . In the end their solution was a huge 2 page text blurb with directions on how to go in and delete a ton of REGISTRY items . I followed directions precisely and still did n't work . I 'm no programmer , but I was safe enough in there . However , I could n't believe they were sending a consumer into regedit where some stupid error could wreak havoc on the entire system.Got on with Dell - returned to factory settings - reinstalled for one last try with McAfee - corrupt file gone , but the SpamKiller decided to freeze up my Outlook program during the scan -LRB- as it had also done before I went to factory settings -RRB- . So I went out and paid another $ 150 for a ONE year subscription to Norton -LRB- the whole package - SysW , ISecurity , Ghost -RRB- . I 'll re-up for another year with Norton anyday.My favorite feature of the new McAfee Security Suite/Internet Security is the small dialog box that pops up `` for my protection '' to let me know that a program is accessing the computer ... it tells me it does n't recognize the program . Am I the only person that has heard of Webroot Spysweeper ? How about MSOUTLOOK !? So McAfee wants you to tell them what it is . A huge dialog box opens up on the Net . They want the program name , what it does , what it was trying to do , your name , address , spouse 's blood type , first born child , etc. and not in any fill in the blanks form . Just one huge text window where you need to type up a book for them . Rediculous.Completely user-unfriendly . Stay away .
 I thought Norton was bad , constantly freezing my computer with one or another of its components . Well , McAfee is worse . For just anti-virus , you might want to try Avast . For a suite to try , I have no recommendations except ... do n't .
 Unbelievable , dismal , strange , poor , system . Returned even though I may not get a refund because I do n't have a receipt , just as a matter of principal . Did not block or prevent Spam , Virus ' , Popups , Ads etc. . Installed a competitive product which did all the above immediately without the gyrations you have to go through with McAfee , ie , adding an address book . With the competition it was automatically imported , correctly , without the 4 steps McAfee required . I ca n't understand how this could be sold , the software on the disc was defective , or an early incorrect CD .
 This is a great math game for children with windows 98 -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- . My kids spent lots of time with the game every day for months until we `` upgraded '' with a new computer system . Be wary if you have ME and forget it with windows 2000 . Who knows about XP . With ME , the keyboard arrows do n't work correctly and youngsters ca n't advance in the math portion from atleast the 3rd level . Technical support indicated that there will be no fix for any problems experienced for systems with Windows ME , 2000 , XP . A suggestion was made to purchase a gamepad controller to see if that helped . The children are quite disappointed and want to go back to windows 98 .
 This is a great math game for children with windows 98 -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- . My kids spent lots of time with the game every day for months until we `` upgraded '' with a new computer system . Be wary if you have ME and forget it with windows 2000 . Who knows about XP . With ME , the keyboard arrows do n't work correctly and youngsters ca n't advance in the math portion from atleast the 3rd level . Technical support indicated that there will be no fix for any problems experienced for systems with Windows ME , 2000 , XP . A suggestion was made to purchase a gamepad controller to see if that helped . The children are quite disappointed and want to go back to windows 98 .
 I give it 1 star due to the performance of Simon and Shuster 's technical support group . We never got the game installed and configured correctly . We had trouble getting the game installed on Win ME -LRB- see the other review -RRB- so we reformatted the computer and reinstalled Win98 but still had no luck . We met the game requirements and had typical hardware -LRB- nvidia video , sound blaster sound -RRB- on a Gateway desktop . We `` worked '' with the maker 's tech support group and never got the problem resolved in over a month . The support was terrible . You ca n't get through on the phone -LRB- a long distance call -RRB- , the fax number in the game pamphlet is wrong and it took them a week or 10 days to respond via email . There 's nothing meaningful in their on-line support areas and there 's not contact info either . You 're left with one of the 3 options above . Actually support was ok at the initial level -LRB- courteous and quick -RRB- but once it was `` elevated '' for resolution the problems started it . Our problem was probably either a hardware issue but they could n't figure it out -LRB- or never really tried ? -RRB- . Too bad though . My son plays the game at school and really liked it . The demo game ran on the same computer so I guess he 'll continue to use it at school or play the demo . I 'll think twice about their other software after this experience .
 My four-and-a-half year old is very computer savy and can play most games age graded for 5-7 by himself . This game is so difficult that he not only needs help from Mom and Dad , but Mom and Dad can barely get through the beginning games . The graphics are great and the themeing very fun -LRB- only making my son want to play more -RRB- , but I would only recommend this game for a child of at least 8 with a lot of acarde experience
 This gme is short , bad graphics , stupid math problems , and more . It is over-priced and simple .
 I purchased this software Novemer 2005 . Installing on my 3 computers was a snap . However , 2 days after installing the software , updating , making sure the settings were all good , 2 virus attacked my desktop . I hoped Mcafee was doing it 's job . Then my laptop started , every 5 min a new trojan popping up , spyware installing itself . Mcafee ignored the spyware completly , said it was cleaning the trojans . After each trojan catch , it would scan , say nothing was found , and boom another trojan . This got to the point you could not surf the internet . Until November I was a Norton user , never had trouble like this , never had spyware install itself , no trojans , nothing ! Decided to try a system restore on my laptop to clear everything and reinstall Mcafee . After reinstall , I ran another full system scan . It said my laptop was a-ok . YOu should n't have to do a system restore to clean your system , that 's what McAfee is supposed to protect it from !!! Purchased Norton 3 user Internet Security Suite 2006 1 day after system restore . Ran full system scan with Norton and shockingly it found viruses Mcafee overlooked . This is -LSB- ... -RSB- software , does n't protect a thing . Plus it cost me 150.00 , Norton was 120.00 , do n't waste your money on McAfee .
 I have been using Internet Security 8 since Septmber now.I have 3 seat license , on one computer it works just fine -LRB- although every reboot I need to re-confirm I wish to use it 's firewall instead the built in windows one , not sure why they ca n't remember this setting -RRB- on the other machine the anti-virus which is the most imortant feature for me is disabled and will not start . every attempt to start it hangs the machine -LRB- and all network activity -RRB- for 2 minutes -LRB- measured -RRB- and then fails with a detail-less error in the event log.Even worse - their support is horrible , web chat that keeps disconnecting makes me explain over and over again the problem to a new support agent on every call -LRB- although they claim to read a record of my previous calls -RRB- . spoke to nearly 20 agents -LRB- at least 4 of which are `` senior technicians '' -RRB- so far , half of the time I get disconnected before we 're getting anywhere and in the other half I get instrucitons to do `` after we close this session '' that dont help.oh - yes - in both cases i need to contact them again and start from the beginning !!!!!! I spent 80 on this , and weeks of going in circles with their support . I 'm off to uninstall it and buy another product
 I am sitting here in a very frustrated state of mind . I have McAfee which has allowed a virus , Downloader AWX , to break into a file and I can locate no technical support . Their 1-800 is closed all weekend and today is Saturday . When their office is open it is virtually impossible to speak to a person.This is the second time I have sought support and could locate none . Their website is completely non-user-friendly . It is totally hostile ! They have many boxes of choices , selections and questions -- you feel you have to tackle 50 quarterbacks to get past go.I do not want to have anything to do with this backward peration again.This may be last thing I write for a long time as this computeris going haywire .
 I have been trying to utilizse Internet Security 8 since October . I bought a 3 unit license which performs fine on one computer , but only catches half of the spam . On the second one , however , I downloaded it and the software declared it was installed . Never worked . The computer keeps popping up a McAfee error `` an unexpected error has occured in MpfTrayerrors.txt '' no matter what program it is in . If I try to uninstall it gives me another error '' The installation can not continue because some components are missing . '' I am stuck in limbo and can not even get rid of the useless software . Their support is just as bad . I had to explain over and over again what the problem was to a new support agent on every call . All they could do , if you were even able to understand them , was read a scripted solution . Somehow I will eventually get it off my machine .
 I ca n't call this game a total disappointment . I 'm a big fan of `` Daria , '' and the game was definitely true to the show . The characters behaved like they do on the show , the voices were all done by the original actors , and the game more or less looked like Lawndale.Unfortunately , it 's not much of a game . It 's a combination of far too easy , and too much `` hunt the pixel . '' It 's worth playing for the Daria atmosphere , but certainly not for the game itself .
 Only buy if you 're a die hard Daria fan . A senseless point and click adventure game full of bugs . It often dims the screen and/or crashes . Not much storyline . If you can find a real cheap copy it might be worth the investment but otherwise , avoid .
 I love Daria alot , which is why I got this , but it really was n't worth it . It was really easy and short - I finished the entire thing in about an hour . While it had interesting parts that are nice , I feel it was a waste of money ...
 Looks to me that what these people sell is the download version of SuSE , and not the retail package version . The retail version includes additional commercial versions of , for example , OCR software , and more . . I think using the retail package graphics is at least misleading if not unethical ! L.T.
 I bought this software without looking at their web site first to find out what CDRW it supports . Turns out it did n't support my NEC -LRB- from Dell -RRB- making the software pretty much useless . There support people did n't reply to me when I asked , `` What should I do '' . Now I 'm wondering if it would support a new DVD RW drive if I were to purchase one . Surely there must be an inexpensive backup solution that works -LRB- this is not it for my system -RRB- .
 V6 .0 of this software is buggy in both compression modes , posting the following error : `` Compression information mismatch -LSB- 4886-1316 -RSB- `` Make sure you Verify your backup with this product!Very poor Support .
 Another that claims it can do the job , i.e. backup all your files to any media.First , it still reguires a floppy to make the `` disaster recovery '' set that they claim will recover a computer from disaster . Here in 2004 , many , if not most computers , have moved away from that antique drive.Second , they claim that you have a choice of drives , and of using compressed or uncompressed backup files . So I finally found a work around to back up to my spare external drive , but when I try for uncompressed backups , the backup file -LRB- `` complete '' -RRB- for my computer is only 428 MB , whilst the main hard drive shows that 68GB are in use?Third , proprietary files-Why can not the backup file be in the same format that the rest of my computer uses ? I am -LRB- ... -RRB- enough , that I would like to be able to read , and verify that the files are actually what they purport to be , before trusting that this software that does not seem to accomplish any of the OTHER tasks it claims , has actually backed up my pc.Then there is the contact page . Why do I need to provide them with my life story to ask a simple question , and why do they need to attempt to `` check for updates '' every single time I boot up ? That 's more like spyware , I think.In short , I WANT MY MONEY BACK !
 I , too , initially thought some reviewers might be clueless after I downloaded the eval copy and tried it with my system . I ran the disaster recovery backup , and everything was working fine with my listed-as-supported LG cd burner using cd-rw discs -- until I ran out . Then I tried a cd-r and it rejected it as already having data on it that needed to be rewritten by the program blah blah . Unable to find any reference to such a problem in the documentation or online support -LRB- which to me is worse than the problem itself when evaluating new software -RRB- , I decided to start over with cd-r 's in case it had some problem with switching media types while a backup was in progress . It still rejected every cd-r type I had . Makes me wonder who is clueless and who is lucky .
 I bought this program for a simple Disaster Recovery . I tried the 30 day trial , but they require an original Windows 98 Disk . My Windows 98 came OEM or factory installed and I had no disk . Stomp 's tech support told me all I needed was a disk . So , later I spent -LSB- money -RSB- on a Windows Disk and -LSB- money -RSB- for BackupMyPC , only to find that the disk did not help . BEWARE
 Is the stuff America makes when the manufacturing jobs get shipped to China ?? I presume it is designed and made in America ... SHAME . First , I read that my TDK drive was supported , but the software would n't work . Alas , my drive would work if it was the external model , but not if it was the internal model ???? I wanted my money back ... but they ignored my e-mail and the company I purchased it from would n't accept it back . I gave it to a friend ... he had a supported CD Drive . It made his Disaster Recovery Disks -LRB- to floppies -RRB- , but wo n't write to his CD . First he was told it was bad media . We then bought expensive media ... still would n't work ... then we were told it was a conflict with either his Roxio or CD Creator software -LRB- ... well what writing software does the remainder of the world use ?? -RRB- Now he 's mad at me for wasting several days of his time . My suggestion is that you use your inherent consumer capitalistic power and STOMP on this software .
 After my hard drive failed I really wanted to get good back up software . I read the reviews in magazines and online and they all said this was the best . Well , it is n't . Far from it . I have installed it and re-installed it about 5 times , called tech support and e-mailed them many times . Followed all their advice and changed all my configurations , hardware drivers , uninstalled other apps , tried different brands of CD-R and CD-RW etc. etc. . Never could get it to work at all . I have a great coaster collection . I am very frustrated , but worst of all , I still do n't have back up software!I have a Dell 4000 notebook with Windows XP , plenty of RAM and my CD-RW is `` supported '' by the software , but it just wo n't work . A waste of money AND time !! Wish I could get my money back . My time is lost forever .
 The software appeared not to be able to back up across multiple CDs , which is the only reason I had bought it . I then found in the documentation a line saying that some versions do n't support this option , without any way to know whether mine did or not . Customer support via e-mail responded after 72 hours , with some suggestions that were irrelevant , such as running msconfig when they had already confirmed that I have Windows 2000 , for which msconfig does n't apply . Then I checked the list of supported drives and found that the Samsung CDRW/DVD that came standard with my Dell Latitude is NOT supported.PLEASE , PLEASE check the list of supported drives BEFORE purchasing this software !!!!!
 Backup MyPC comes with a fairly good manual and a colorful CD label . Now for the details.Backup MyPC does not support unattended , scheduled or automatic backups to anything with a capacity that exceeds a recordable DVD . I do not have a tape drive and therefore was not able to evaluate how it performed with that device . When backing up one hard drive to another on my PC , Backup MyPC divides the backup into a maximum of DVD size segments requiring the operator to click OK to initiate the next backup segment . My 80 GB drive required sixteen incremental clicks in order to complete a single backup . Furthermore , Backup MyPC includes menu picks for my CD-RW drive , my compact flash interface and a file , it does not include a menu pick for backing up to an internal or removable IDE hard drive . A major omission.A second weak area is recovery in the Windows XP environment . Backup MyPC does not come with a bootable CD suitable for disaster recovery . Should the operating system volume become unserviceable , the user must re-install Windows XP and Backup MyPC before restoring can be attempted . A major inconvenience.The reviews of this product appear to have been conducted to determine how well the included features performed , but did not address important missing features needed for any general purpose backup software package.If you can work within this program 's limitations , you will probably be very happy . As for me , I am going to go with another backup program as soon as I can order it .
 The packaging looks great , the reviews looked great . System requirements and backup devices listed on the box all looked great ! Listed as compatible with all devices including Zip . We have two computers , one with a 250 Zip , the other with a 750 Zip . Both OS are Windows XP Home . All went well with the computer with the 250 Zip , but all failed with the computer with the 750 Zip . Kept getting error message `` detected unexpected media removal '' Back Up Failed . I continued to get this message , and there was no media removal . I contacted Tech support and they told me the 750 Zip is not compatible with their software . Why is that not stated on the systems requirements ? This software is useless and I 've wasted more $ $ $
 I purchased BackupMyPC based on two glowing reviews , which told of the disaster recovery feature . That was the whole reason Ipurchased the program . I install the product , and attempt to create a disaster recovery CD-ROM , and it tells me that it ca n't do that because Microsoft 's SP1 has been installed on my WinXPsystem.I just went through having to reload WinXP , update off the Microsoft web site , then restore off my Microsoft backup file.Just what did this product buy me when its disaster recoveryfeature does n't work ? NOTHING!Chris Shakercjshaker@shaker-net.com
 BackupMyPC was unable to backup my 100 GB hard disk to a network drive . StompSoft customer 's support said the problem was due to my machine even though I was able to use a competitors product to backup my system . I 've deleted BackupMyPC from my system and will no longer do any business with StompSoft.Freebie backup utilities can do a task that BackupMyPC can not .
 After backing up 16 DVDs and nearing the end I accidentally hit the eject button on the wrong drive . The program did n't ask me if that 's what I meant to do -- it simply ended ! All tech support would say is they 'd pass it to their programmers to consider in the future . Very shoddy design in my opinion . I tried to rebuild the catalog so I did n't have to redo hours of backup and after asking me to insert all 15 disks , it could n't read the 16th -- the one it shut down earlier , and so quit again . Tech support did n't even respond . I can not get it to rename a DVD without reformatting and it insists on defaulting to its own naming system -LRB- though you can override it -RRB- . Should have saved me time ... instead cost me a LOT of time . I can not recommend this program .
 Back Up My PC -LRB- BUMP -RRB- is the latest generation of a tool formerly known as Veritas Backup Exec or Backup Exec Desktop . The primaryvalue -LRB- to me -RRB- of that entire line of tools is their ability to backup the ENTIRE C drive , and restore it onto a new hard drive after replacing a failed hard drive , without having to reinstall windows and all the applications . You just boot the system from the special restore floppies , and start the restore , and when it 's done , your system is just the way it was when you backed it up . I used Backup Exec on a Win98SE box with a DAT tape drive for years , and TWICE succesfully restored my system after HD failures . -LRB- That was SO AWESOME ! -RRB- So , when I got my new WinXP box with a DVD+RW drive , I naturally wanted to continue to backup my system with software that could reliably restore it . BUMP 's UI seems identical to the old Backup Exec , so I was hopeful it would be as good . So I bought a copy of BUMP and tried it.WHAT A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT . The first time I ran BUMP , it told me that BUMP can not backup and restore the version of WinXP SP1 that I have . -LRB- How many versions of WinXP SP1 are there ? -RRB- BUMP clearly is NOT going to be my PC backup solution due to this problem.Bump did offer to backup my data files onto my DVD , and so I tried that . When it got ready to start writing to the DBD , it spat out the brand new DVD+RW disk , saying it was media incompatible with my DVD drive . Of course , other DVD software has had no trouble writing on tht same media on my drive . Apparently my DVD drive is not one supported by BUMP . A friend who also uses BUMP used it on his PC to `` format '' my DVD+RW media , and then BUMP was able to write to it in my PC without compatibility complaints.So , I conclude that BUMP is not compatible with WinXP SP1 nor with my EMPREX DVD+RW drive . I 'm still looking for a good PC WinXP SP1 backup solution .
 This game will not run under XP . This is on an old -LRB- P4 2.4 GHz -RRB- desktop running a clean install of XP SP3 , and the game will not start , even when all compatability settings tried . It just crashes as soon as it is started .
 This will not run on Windows XP . If you have a newer computer , it will not work .
 Though I just finished installing 30 other programs on my computer without a problem , THIS PROGRAM NOT ONLY CRASHED on my Windows 98 computer , but IT CRASHED MY HARD DRIVE and TOLD ME I NEED TO REINSTALL MY OPERATING SYSTEM ! When I contacted their tech support , I was told there had been many calls from people having similar problems , and that I needed to not only download and install fonts , but had to download and install 4 OTHER UPDATES , including Internet Explorer , even though this computer would not be connecting to the Internet ! If you do not know how to fix problems this program causes , do not buy this product !
 NEVER right reviews , but if you are reading this please be advised to stay away from Visionsonic PCDJ . this program is TERRIBLE and totally unreliable ! Everything was going well in the honeymoon stage of the program , but a few months into using this live at gigs , I 've had several drop-outs in audio and software crashes and freezes . TRUST ME , i 've heard nothing bad reviews about this program after the fact and now I know why . I did everything I needed to ensure this program ran efficiently -LRB- music on separate hardrive , no other running programs during use , ect -RRB- and yet PCDJ crashes IN THE MIDDLE OF LIVE GIGS . As a DJ both mobile and the radio , there 's no worse feeling then dead-air . STAY AWAY FROM PCDJ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This program was hard to use . The interpreter signs very quickly and beginners will find it very hard to learn . Also , the speech is out of sync with the signs . I found this program worthless .
 This product will NOT help you learn ASL . It does not even teach you one single sign . The signing is so out of sync with the narrator that even I , who knows basic ASL , was confused most of the time . The graphics are amateurish and seem to have been drawn with Microsoft Paint . There is little to no opportunity to interact with the program . Unless you have a child who already knows ASL and who likes to be signed a short boring stories , then this program is worthless . What a disappointment !
 I 'm StoryMaker . Sorry for the harsh talk , but it is pretty boring . Mom -LRB- JaneLovesJesus -RRB- sorry , but I did n't like it much . Kids like me get BORED with ASL for Kids CD-ROM . Boring games and dose n't teach sign languge very well . And not enough animation , so little animation that instead of Paws moving a stupid guy in a puppy costume appeirs . Even though the guy in a puppy suit signs while she speaks , sometimes it gets really slow so you ca n't understand her signs and sometimes the voice is late for the signs and anyways you ca n't learn much by looking at a person signing and someone 's voice saying what she says because in sign languge things are in a different order . The most sign languge it teaches is the help button in some of the games -LRB- the sign for `` help '' -RRB- and the page number for the stories . Well , some games teach a little sign languge but when they do it is a boring game . The proggrammers were so bad that they could n't allow games that were any fun and the screen resalution/size changes and when quitted it is STILL changed . Learning & fun never meet in the product -LRB- unlike ClueFinders and JumpStart -RRB- . Try the Bravo family videos . -LRB- they teach ASL too ! -RRB- Signed , StoryMaker . `` Got ta trust the kid 's review ! ''
 This is not a very good product . It does not teach ASL and is very hard to work with . The stories take a really long time and they 're worthless . Dogs should n't be able to sign and as you noticed , he hangs his paws down long before he 's done which includes to the confusion of teaching ASL . For example , in the sentence `` I can chase a ball '' he may be signing `` ball '' while saying `` can '' witch makes children say the sentence `` I can chase a cat '' as `` I ball chase a cat '' which sounds like the word `` eyeball '' which dose n't help . He 's really a silly guy in a puppy suit which dose n't look like a puppy suit at all , it looks like a silly racoon . Also , the games are not at all fun ! They should of focused more on games that are fun then games that teach sign languge and most of them do n't teach sign languge anyway , so there 's no point . I suggest you do n't spend your money on this game inleast you like boring stories , games that are simply not any fun and a person who pertends to be a dog and keeps signing things but it 's no help , then buy it , but I advice you DO N'T ! Sincerley , Russian Blue Witch . `` Got ta trust the kid 's review ! '' -LRB- No , that 's not copying . My sister is StoryMaker who first thought of it . -RRB-
 It 's simply no fun . It dose n't even teach anything . The stories are boring and in the car game it says , `` Do n't drive off the road ! '' but you CA N'T go off the road even if you try . The stories are no fun , neither are the games . The stories are like PRESCHOOL stories and the games are too . They should of called it `` ASL for Preschoolers '' . It dose n't teach very much when the person signs and the puppy suit dose n't even look good . Why it 's 2 stars instead of 1 is because the car game is a tiny bit fun and the stories are a little funny . Signed , Chocolate Dog .
 Purchased this about a year and a half ago ... just got a new computer running XP ... this is not compatible . No updates available from Cakewalk but they did suggest I purchase one of their NEWER products that is XP compatible .
 Excellent concept if you have more than one wireless computer on your system . Automatically rotates your security key code -LRB- WEP , etc -RRB- every 3 hours on all your wireless computers to make it less likely that anyone else can use your system , although not fool-proof . Slight difficulty configuring , but did recognize my wireless adapter and router . Problem is that I lost connectivity to the internet a lot more frequently using this software ; so much so that I decided to remove it from my system . Once , I received an error message that `` security key rotation failed '' . I use PC-cillin as my internet security/anti-virus . It may be that this program will gel more easily if you use McAfee products , but I do n't know for sure .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- If you do n't have one of the models listed on that page , there 's not much point in purchasing this software . It 's capabilities without a compatible router are quite limited .
 I bought this product becase I was concerned about wireless security . I am familiar about the WPA security key but wanted something with a bit more punch . This was n't it ! It was hard to configure and it seems to be difficult to set up if you want to add another computer . I was also having problems adding new software to the computer . I had no choice but to remove the software from my computer , reset my router to its default settings , and go back to securing it with the WPA key . I feel is necessary to go secure in this age of id thefts and people piggybacking off your signal to get free internet . I feel that this product has come up short .
 This might be a very good product , but I ca n't tell from the documentation or customer support . Since its purpose is security , the lack of confidence I have in it renders it unacceptable . The product will not let me access security settings because it reports I am not connected to a `` protected network . '' My network does show up as secured , so I asked what the difference between `` secured '' and `` protected '' is . McAfee customer chat support , could not answer the question . They included advertising text from their product description and forwarded it in their responses . It was the same stuff on the box the product came in . Then they said they would email additional information and call me . They did neither . It could be I do n't understand the terminology , as I pointed out to McAfee , but apparently , their customer support does n't either . Two uninformed participants make for a lousy conversation .
 WiTopia.Net 's SecureMyWiFi and BoxedWireless offer similar products . Although they make it completely clear they are providing the highest level of security available -LRB- WPA-Enterprise -RRB- backed up by RADIUS servers -LRB- what a corporation or Government uses to ensure top knotch wireless security -RRB- , it is hard to determine what exactly McAfee is doing here but providing glorified WEP -LRB- which has been shown to be easily compromisable -RRB- with a key rotation . They do enable `` WPA '' security but it looks like it may be just the `` personal '' kind which is weaker . Useful product that solves a big and growing problem but they need to make more clear what exactly they are doing to secure your network like WiTopia.Net and BoxedWireless .
 The only available method for technical support contact is email . I sent a request for help and received an automated reply . Now it has been more than a week and still no human reply.Click on help and it slowly launches a PDF file . I personally would much prefer an HTML help file to a PDF . My main complaint is that the documentation is very light weight . For example , it does not cover how to connect to a computer via networking using the boot disk . If Acronis does not want to hire any tech support personal they should spend some money making better documentation.Also , support for writing to an external Plextor USB drive does not work ; restoration failed as well . Next time I will be more skeptical of glowing reviews in computer magazines and I will go back to PowerQuest products . Their help and documentation was better .
 This one does n't let you transfer the image directly onto DVD Rom . I called a left a message and even sent them dozen emails to support , but they never respond.I wanted to know if this one supports and SATA and away to transfer to the image directly onto DVD ROM as they advertised.No reply . This is like you buy the product at your own risk !
 I had a previous version . Did n't use it . Liked another product more . But now I have external harddrives for backup and wanted a product that would support external drives on a USB port.Reviews said Acronis 7.0 was the only program that supported USB drives when one boots from CD or diskette , though others support them when running in Windows . So I decided to upgrade my existing software to the new version . Also , the website promised a free copy of another product in the package.The bonus software did n't come . The product could n't complete the initial install . It kept encountering errors trying to write the bootable CD . Bypassing creating the bootable , I did complete the install and tried to run it . It could not , in two attempts , go successfully to completion . No restart ability on a 2 hour job , just a curt message and quit.Figured there might be a fix . Went to the site , and there was . Dated July , 2002 . Seems strange for software downloaded today.Got the fix . When I installed it , it reverted me back to the former version . Tried several times . Did a new download to be sure I had the right one . Same result . I did a CRC on the 7.0 update and found it was identical to the 6.0 update . Explains why it kept reverting , and also how poor the tech support is.Left a message . I 'm asking for my money back .
 I purchased TrueImage 7 in January . Tried to do a backup and got the error `` General operation error on partition C
 I used to use the trial version of musicmatch Jukebox -LRB- from Real -RRB- to burn things , and it worked fantastically . Anyway , I accidently deleted that , so I figured , why not buy Pyro ? The screenies make it look great , looks like it 's got everything I need . Boy was I wrong . There 's no option to have just a `` library '' of songs with this thing , it 's all in directory or straight `` playlist '' format . On top of that the code in this thing is some of the least efficient I 've ever seen . While beginners that have n't used any other software may find it `` awe inspiring '' just to see something that burns and rips cd 's -LRB- eventually -RRB- , the more selective customers will think otherwise . Be prepared to wait a few seconds after you push the play button for any song to start , and , oh , did you want to rip an entire CD ? That 'll take about 5-6 minutes per 3-4 minute song , thank you . Jesus H. , Real 's Jukebox let 's you PLAY the song while you rip because it only takes it about a minute to mp3 encode directly from the cd ... Pyro takes forever , and that 's no lie . In conclusion , I have n't even tried the burning capabilities of it yet , I 'm taking it back right now .
 I bought this program thinking of all the great possibilities that this program would be able to do . After installing it over and over again , it kept on launching to an `` Illegal Operation '' . I uninstalled Adaptec DirectCD , reinstalled Pyro , but it still kept giving me the Illegal Operation error . So I made a screen shot of the error , printed it out , brought it back to the store that I bought it from . Even though they have a policy on open software , they still honored my request to return the program because I printed out the error message.Save yourself some heartache and frustration . Buy something else ! Music Match Jukebox is supposed to be pretty solid . I think I 'll try that program instead.I would have given this program zero stars , but I was only given the option to select 1 or more .
 I purchased the online download version through Digital River . Although it downloaded and installed fine , I could not get it to run properly , even after uninstalling my other potentially conflicting CD-R software . It may not have been compatible with my Yamaha Cd-R/CD-RW . I also disliked the look and feel of the product -LRB- from what I could tell before it shut itself down -RRB- . It did n't seem to have any data CD recording/copying features.Luckily , the company seems to be honest and I think I 'm getting my money back .
 This software is truly one of the worst software purchases I 've ever made -- it makes Microsoft 's first-run products look bug-proof . I have installed this on three computers , so far . It has become a game to see just how many machines this software can crash . Its features sound great , but I have yet to have an opportunity to use them -- just ca n't get past that `` fatal error . '' I just purchased MusicMatch Jukebox 5.0 -- it installs , runs , converts files , and burns CDs without any fuss or problems . Buy that instead
 Never got it to burn a . wav disk . It ripped , slowly , and did burn a mp3 disk . It told me to contact Pyro and let them know about the error no.I did this a couple times with no response . I ended up calling and speaking to someone in sales . They told me to e-mail them with all the info and they would make sure it got in the right person 's hands . I got a response telling me how to do a `` FIX '' . The step-by-step instructions were not accurate for what I was supposed to see , and after I guessed , I still got the same error no . I called back and they actually agreed to take the program back . I had to send a letter stating that I had deleted the program . I was in the process of doing that and decided to try just one more time . This time it told me I had to contact Pyro for and authorization no . I did n't have to do that at the installation . I still have n't figured out the program knew I was supposed to delete it . I was disappointed , if it worked , it would have been perfect for my needs . I guess now I 'll have to try Music Match .
 I am shocked at the number of obstacles that keep coming up as I plow through this program . It thinks my HP CD-Writer is not installed , when I 've been happily burning CD 's with Roxio software . Periodically its icons get all mixed up . Sometimes you can not navigate through disks as you try to save . It takes too long to start up , because of some obscure check on the audio devices . But to give them credit , they have integrated their functions fairly well , and if I could have burned the playlist to a CD , I would n't be here writing this . But I could n't , and so I have to recommend to all that you avoid these Cakewalk developers , who are slapping together things to force feed the market and then lollygagging when it comes to patches that will allow us to actually use the thing . Maybe Roxio , or someone else , but not Cakewalk ! I am THROUGH with this company !
 Please heed everyone 's `` avoid like the plague '' comments . Here 's something I could n't believe . I bought the 1.0 version , then got the latest version -LRB- 1.5 -RRB- from their web site . It installed okay on Win 2000 , but about half of my MP3 files would not play , and would not be converted to other formats , because Pyro reported that the files may be corrupt . These are the same MP3 files that play perfectly in Jukebox , RealPlayer , and Easy CD Creator 3 . So , I ca n't play MP3s or burn CDs . Here 's the thing that takes the cake -LRB- walk -RRB- -- the tech support response I got says : `` Q
 Mere words can not express my frustration with this product ... to make a very long and painful story short I eventually deleted my hard drive just to get this program to work and ... you guessed it -- it still did n't work !! Lots of hassles - there is no toll free number so you pay for the hour wait phonecall ... just to hear they ca n't help you . Listen save the money and download music jukebox or another MP3 converter for free that does everything PYRO is suppoesed to do without the headaches ...
 I read the reviews on Amazon , in particular the one 's saying they had computer problems after installing . Well , I have a good Dell computer with 384-MB of RAM , so I figured my power machine could conquer anything . Was I wrong . This software gave me several `` Out of Memory '' errors , an error message I 've never encountered . So I figured I 'd go to Cakewalk 's Web site for help , and I got the same memory error . I then clicked on the `` My Computer '' icon to try and troubleshoot , and sure enough , I got the same memory error.My only solace is I used my time-traveling software -LRB- it can restore your computer to a previous date and time -RRB- to restore my computer before I installed this piece of junk , and all is well.Save yourself a tremendous headache , avoid this thing like the plague .
 Pros : Stable -LRB- at least with 2.0.1 -RRB- . Acceptable MP3 Quality at 192 or higherAudio Editing has some limited usesCons : Poor interfaceLack of library or playlist featuresUnless you have a tremendous need to split up your audio files , I 'd recommend looking elsewhere because Pyro does n't really have much else to offer . Pyro is a no-frills CD ripper . The version that I purchased -LRB- 2.0.1 -RRB- seems reasonably stable compared to other CD-ripper programs . The MP3 converter quality is acceptable at 192bits -LRB- I do n't bother with anything lower than that -RRB- . The interface is unwieldy , non-intuitive and often aggravating . Suprisingly , it does n't appear to have any playlist features . This means that once I rip my CDs , I end up adding them to my playlist in MUSICMATCH and listening to them there . The audio edit features have come in handy in a few cases . It 's nice to be able to cut out parts of a song , or split it up into multiple tracks . However , the lack of playlist or library features limits the value of the product .
 I do n't know if it 's just me , but this program takes , what seems like eons , to read a song off a CD and convert it to an MP3 . I 'm running a P4 , genuine Intel 2.0 Ghz computer with 768MB of RAM and this program is taking a good 1-2 minutes per song -LRB- sometimes longer depending on the length -RRB- to fully convert it . I have n't done a lot of ripping in my lifetime , but I can swear that I 've used other programs -LRB- like MS Mediaplayer -RRB- that took nowhere near as long as this one does to read a song and convert it . On top of that , this program demands like 100 % of my CPU in the process of doing all this . Anytime I was ripping music , it was next to impossible to do anything else because this program was using all my CPU . In all , I do n't like this program very much .
 Unbelievable !!! After several e-mails , only a few resposnes , No satisfaction.It will not let me burn a CD without messing that up...E-mail them and when they DO respond , they give you a whole buch of things to try , none work and you just waste blank CDs ... filling them up with random bits from each music track , usually 10 seconds at most of a song.Worthless ... I have tried several other programs and this is the worst . AVOID !!!
 ACT does not support using your palm to synch between two computers . I work at home half the time and at the office half the time , and have always used one palm to synch to both machines . If you do this with ACT , you end up with 4 different copies of each record . You can synch database to database at two different locations , but it entails using a zip drive -LRB- floppy is too small -RRB- to carry the updates from computer to computer . Not very convenient.Theoretically a great product , but I ca n't really use it .
 ACT 5.0 works very well and is reasonably easy to use . However , there is one killing flaw . IT WO N'T WORK WITH OUTLOOK EXPRESS 6.0 . So , those of us with WINDOWS XP can not take advantage of what was formerly a seemless interface with Outlook Express 5.0 .
 I am terribly disappointed in this software . Because it has been sold back and forth among several companies over the last few years , product development has lagged badly . Right now , the product is n't worth using . As one of their support technicians acknowledged to me on the phone , ACT 's integration of email with other contact management functionality is practically nonexistent , leaving the program several years behind the realities of relationship management in the 21st century . ACT is so bad in its current state that I uninstalled it and am writing off the cost of the software . Perhaps if I do not find a better solution in the meantime , I may look into the next version whenever it is released . But for right now , NOT RECOMMENDED .
 Act 2009 program has now so badly screwed up three yes three seperate comupters that i had to go buy new ones . It has lost 15 years of contacts also . you should never install this crap on your computer . DLL files corupt other applications and cause numerous issues . Even changing just the font size on your desktop will screw up this program . do not buy it ... !
 I have n't received my download yet and must have it tonight.Please send ASAP !
 I am totally disappointed with BIAS Peak LE 5 ! These people may make the high end music editing software - or have I just heard advertising ? - but this product for amateurs is completely frustrating . First , the manufacturers are paranoid and set up all sorts of protocol for you to input and register your copy so they 're satisfied you 're not stealing it . Then , I find it has all of the high-end options listed on the pull-downs - but GRAYED OUT ! And these are the first things on the lists ! It 's like they are taunting you that you bought the low end version and they just ca n't let it go . THEN , you have to download an extra fix in order to make mp3 files - only the most useful compressed music file - with another round of hyperparanoid product registration . AND THEN - after all that the software is buggy ! I have had an endless stream of problems where things do n't work , or they work one day and not the next . Rueful advice
 I install it to my Window XP computer , it halt while it was at the half way scanning . Why Cosmi selling this suck software to customers ?
 This isnt a very good thing to buy . It says it looks after your computer and deletes spyware and such . This program is ok but it is not the best . It turns out Spyware Killer doesnt spot all of the SpyWare that may be on your computer.It also does not do a very good job deleting the program . I 'll give you a example . I spotted a small amount of spyware on my computer and i deleted it or so i thought . I scanned the next day and all of the spware i deleted came back . It isnt very useful also because you have to scan every ten minutes or the spware comes right back.It also does not prevent snooping by tracking spyware , detecting it and removing it before it infects your PC . So please save your time and do not buy this please .
 SpyWare Killer protects your computer from malicious files called `` spyware '' which collect information from your computer and send them out on the internet without your knowing . The program does okay at its job , so I assume you get me that I did n't find it very excellent . Sure , it scans your computer adequtuatly for malicious spyware , but it still does n't beat the two award-winning anti-spyware software , Ad-aware and SpyBot , which offer more complete and detailed scans and which you can download free on the internet -LRB- from their web sites -RRB- and they constantly update their program and database which means they will be up-to-date and optimized for the best possible protection of your computer.SpyWare Killer is sufficiant at best if you just want to BUY an anti-spyware program . But I highly recommend , for the sake of the protection of your computer info , to go for a more comprehensive , polished , and if not free , anti-spyware software .
 I bought this to test against other spyware removers . What a waste of a CD . It has a very outdated database and produced several false positives.You can get Ad-aware from Lavaosoft or Spybot Search & Destroy from safer-networking . org ; both are excellent spyare removers and are free.No need to waste your money on this one . I 'd give it minus 5 if I could .
 Do n't waste your money . This is not what I wanted , nor what the makers of the program suggest that it can do . What a disappointment .
 Ordered this in hopes of getting a good idea for a new hairstyle but very disappointing . If you want to make funny images of people with purple pigtails , get it ! If you want to see serious hairstyles , do n't .
 The Cassette to CD conversion does not work as stated . Also , this is a free download from the web that this gentleman was selling . He had no return policy and when I let you know that the product did not work as promised , he was making all these non-sense deals . Thanks to Amazon , they reviewed my complaint and promised to refund the whole amount - price plus shipping charges .
 Not happy with product seller . Site is very misleading . Returned it after 14-day trial ... did n't even try it because I knew it was n't what my husband wanted , and have yet to receive my refund !! I 'm sure you can find something to accomplish the same task much cheaper !!
 I bought this for my daughter since she was using it in her school and she loved the program . This is an old copy from 10 years ago . I could not even find an old PC with 256 colors to run the software . I finally got a hold of talkingfingers.com . They were nice enough to send me the latest version of the software and give me a 20 % discount when i told them I had bought this . This is old junk for use with windows 98 . Stay away .
 I bought this assuming it would work with either our 2-yr old Windows PC or our 2-yr old or 5-yr old Macs -- It was only compatible w / Windows 95 or extremely old Mac O/S and would not work with any of our computers . Worthless and extremely disappointing to my 7-yr old . Beware !!!
 I bought this assuming to would be current with my Windows XP -- It was only compatible w / Windows 95 and would not work .
 Requires 256 color and wo n't run on my Windows XP . No patch available on The Learning Company website .
 the cd seems to play , and although this might be my fault it was too old to play on any computer i could gain access too . bought to relive a childhood game , but it appears that game will have to remain in the past .
 First of all , the seller was very responsive to the issues and promptly approved the return . The product would not work on any of my computers , even my oldest one . The program was written for a very very low resolution screen , and requires 8-bit color . Once I set the graphics correctly , the program just hung . I would not recommend this product . However , I would recommend the seller . I would purchase from them again .
 We had hoped we could use this very cheap software to make recordings for grandparents and friends . Neither I or my two teenage children could get this thing to work . I would n't recommend it to the novice .
 If you like simple stuff this Database wo n't disappoint you . I found it to restrictive and do n't use it .
 I 'll admit that I have little patience for programs that do n't do what you 're looking for . Live and learn . I wanted to create databases for lists of possessions -LRB- for RL items and for RPG items -RRB- . I could try to create these from scratch , but I can do better with my computer 's build in data bases . D minus .
 If you are into fighting with a software program , then this data base program is for you!If , you 'd like an easy to work with , dependable program that does not keep erasing all of your records-then this program is NOT for you.This COULD be such a great software - If the people who sold it , worked with the inventers . That 's just my guess . I do n't know WHAT happened , but the bottom line product , in my opinion should not be for sale . It 's nearly worthless .
 My son enjoys these very much . One thing I have notices is some flakey behavior . One game used to start and does not respond to the enter key anymore . . I do n't know if it 's because it was intended for Win98 and this is an XP machine .
 Recently returned this item due to the fact it would not meet our needs . Item was smaller than I thought although if I had read the entire description , I would have known and not purchased it . Total size is about as big as a large coffe can and the opening is very small . To shred a regular size paper , you would have to fold it in half the long way and insert it . I guess it would work if you wanted a small shredder on your desk and only shredded credit card receipts and such . Picture was a little misleading on size .
 I bought this shredder from mmoreforless on Amazon and they did not say it was refurbished . It arrived wrapped in dirty paper towels -LRB- to soak up the leaking oil -RRB- and in a torn Little Debbie Snack Cakes box . Maybe okay from ebay , but not from Amazon.But the shredder works fine . It is permanently stained from the oil , but is useable .
 When I first opened the package , I said to myself `` Wait a min ... is this what I paid for ? '' Because it was tiny ~ !!!! LOL I was like `` You got to be kidding ... ~ !! The smallest shredder I have ever seen in my life ~ !! '' I bought it for my home office use , and spent hrs researching for the best kind to buy , reading review , and etc. . I finally got my `` well researched '' item in hand , ... and and ... ~ !!! Well , I guess I will have to stay with this for a while . It is UGLY design and color to go with it . Besides its Made in USA . SIGH ... SUCK . Will see how I will get used to this tiny machine sitting in my home office ... may be I will spray paint it , since its so ugly . As far as Size , I can not help it ... I can not imagine anyone would make such small paper shredder ~ ! What were they thinking ?
 This game is not worth the price . It is certainly not playable by any child under 5 , and it has none of the charm of previous Thomas Games . You navigate to various stations looking for a piece of rope , for example . But it does not say look for a piece of rope . It just says look for something to help Harold scoop us cargo . How many three year olds can make the connection . The previous Building the New Line Thomas Game was great . You build a track , clean the engines , fix the track and decorate the engine . This game has none of those kid friendly , railroad related tasks . Do not waste your money . I can not say this strongly enough .
 Hang your head in shame Atari , this game is terrible . Did they do any testing at all with the intended age group ? My five year old is not interested in this game at all -- there 's nothing compelling about it . My three year old liked the `` chocolate factory '' section for about 10 minutes , then never looked for this game again . If you 're looking for Thomas , go for the `` Festival Adventure '' CD , that 's definitely the best of the lot , with great graphics . Do n't waste your time or money with this one .
 I ca n't believe how disappointing this is . It is not intuative at all . There are n't enough instructions as you move through the story method . It seems like you 're just sent on a wild goose chase . The games are too simple and not at all educational . The activities are for 2 yr olds . What 's with the chocolate factory ? They could at least ask the child to pick a certain colored sugar.You 'll kick yourself for buying this .
 As a recent release from Atari/Infogrammes , it seems like this series is steaming towards a the scrapheap . Other releases -- The Great Festival Adventure , Building the New Line , or the keyboard add-on Railway Adventures are all better than this , and progressively have gotten worse . While some attempt at making this series more `` educational '' is somewhat laudable , the actual options for game play and interactivity have gotten simpler and less interesting for my 3.5 year old son .
 This software crashes upon startup on my Windows 98 computer . Though not a computer expert , I think it has something to do with requiring video drivers that are n't compatible with Windows 98 ; that is , drivers only available for newer versions of Windows.After spending four hours trying to get the compatible drivers onto my computer , my display was so destroyed that I had to restore back to a previous version of the operating system to make it work again.The other Atari Thomas games have worked great on our Win98 computer , and today , most people have XP machines . But if you 're in the Windows 98 minority , stay away from this game !
 I purchased this to make websites , however , again , you do not find anything that states you can only use it to upload to their website which you sign up for and the first 12 months are free . After that you must pay . Magix seems to make good products , but all force you back to their iPace services to get more money from you.I wanted to make flash sites for domains I own , but you can not upload via FTP with this -LRB- something you learn only after purchase and reading the manual . -RRB- Try Swish if you want a flash site .
 This is not a software but a 12 months web hosting , in order to use it you have to have an internet connection , all the resources are online the cd only contain mostly demos . Anything you do with this thing ca n't be exported to other web hosting , man I wan na slash my wrist with the box this is so useless.Evita esto , es solo una suscripci&oacute;n de 12 meses para que tengas tu p&aacute;guina de interent , a esto no se le puede llamar programa , para poder usarlo tenes que tener una conecci&oacute;n a internet y los recursos para pode construir tu p&aacute;guina flash estan en la p&aacute;guina de Magix y no podes trasportarlo a otra direcci&oacute;n de internet .
 Total piece of junk ! Free 12 months of domain and hosting , yea for a worthless SUB-DOMAIN ! Easy to use ? Not at all ! Very few templates that were near impossible to make anything useful from , and a struggle to figure out how to do even that . After purchasing this one , I remembered another Magix product I purchased years ago , and it was a piece of trash too . I 'm shredding it this evening to prevent someone rummaging through the trash from finding it and using it ! Drop everything and run away from this product if you see it in the store .
 The product is GARBAGE !!!! Do not waste your time . This is strictly a web service NOT software . You get a free subdomain which is useless . Do not bother with this product .
 Another scam from Magix . Like so many others I fell for it . This is not a website creating software , it 's a scam to get you to buy webhosting with a subdomain . Sometimes it loads very slow , but that 's not all , if it loads , it comes with all kinds of mistakes making the layout unreadable . Stay clear from it , just like all other software from Magix . It 's incredible that people are still trying to pull scam off the internet when it 's not that complicated to be honest . Well , I 'm mad and I should be . We should be passing laws making it possible for the return and refund of scam softwares like this one .
 This is the poorest of deceptive bundling that I 've seen to date . The title `` Elementary Advantage 2005 '' would lead us parents into believing that this is a collection of latest & greatest educational software . When in fact this is a collection of old relic software as far back as Windows 3 . One of the disk insisted that I must have Windows 95 installed -LCB- I have Windows XP , yet the box deceptively tells you that it 's compatible with Windows XP -RCB- . The installer from one disk told me that it can only support 256 colors -LCB- What year was that limitation present ? -RCB- Of the software that I did get to run in between all of the errors , it was obvious this set is very antiquated software and is pathetic at best . This set is a terrible collection of old ... old programs that ca n't install or run on today 's new computers . Do n't be fooled by its new `` 2005 '' presentation this software belongs in a museum not in a new wrapped package . Shame on Encore for pulling such a disgusting stunt with an issue so important to us parents as our children 's education .
 This game is really boring and easy . I comepleted this game in a half hour.Not only that , its really stupid to . They have a guy in a wheelchair that can to a slam dunk ! That 's what I call dumb .
 Why did you do this ? You did n't even put Peja Stojakovic and you did n't even have freestyle superstars . I mean , EVERY BASKETBALL GAME WOULD BE INFINITY BETTER THAN THIS . You also should have put 82 games on the Backyard Basketball 2004 season schedule , and you should have picked : Current NBA Players : Kevin GarnettLeBron JamesKobe BryantTracy McGradyShawn MarionDwyane WadeTim DuncanAmare StoudemireShaquille O'NealPaul PierceRasheed WallaceSteve FrancisMike BibbyVince CarterAllen IversonOld School Ballers : From the 1950 ` sPaul ArizinBob CousyGeorge MikanBob PettitDolph SchayesBill SharmanFrom the 1960 ` sElgin BaylorWilt ChamberlainDave CowensBilly CunninghamDavid DeBusschereHal GreerJohn HavlicekElvin HayesSam JonesJerry LucasOscar RobertsonBill RussellNate ThurmondWes UnseldJerry WestFrom The 1970 ` sKareem Abdul-JabbarNate ArchibaldRick BarryJulius ErvingWalt FraizerGeorge GervinElvin HayesPete MaravichEarl MonroeWillis ReedBill WaltonLenny WilkensFrom The 1980 ` sLarry BirdMagic JohnsonSam JonesMoses MaloneKevin McHaleRobert ParishIsiah ThomasDominique WilkinsJames WorthyFrom The 1990 ` sCharles BarkleyClyde DrexlerPatrick EwingMichael JordanKarl MaloneHakeem OlajuwonScottie PippenDavid Robinsonand John StocktonSo , what do you think of DAT ? DO IT FOR THE NEXT TIME YOU LAUNCH BACKYARD BASKETBALL !
 LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT
 We 've used SubmitWolf for many years . It has generally been a very useful program specially considering that the search engine list and the software is regularly updated . We have encountered one serious problem - it crashes very frequently in the middle of a submission , sometimes locking the whole computer . We have found this to be the case under Windows 98 as well as Windows XP . We 've found it locks up almost one out of three submissions . Trellian seems to be aware of this problem , since it is mentioned on their FAQ page , but their suggested fix does not resolve the problem . If you are going to rely on the program -LRB- and specially if you are going to start it and want it to run unattended -RRB- , this could be a serious problem .
 If it works for you , it 's great . But if you have any problems you will never hear a word from FarStone support . I find this very irresponsible and I would recommend everyone to run away from Farstone products . Their web page crashes when you submit a bug report and they never return support emails . I 've sent several now . My copy used to work , now it 's dead and useless to me . Too bad FarStone is n't putting more budget into their support . They could have had a great product .
 Although Farstone claim that this software will run most games as virtual CD 's -LRB- VCD 's -RRB- , I 've found that it does n't work as advertised . With several of my latest games , E.G. Enter the Matrix , IGI2 etc. either they will not run from VCD 's , or they can not be `` built '' as VCD 's . All attempts to get an answer from Farstone 's tech support have gone unanwered . And attempts to E-mail Farstone get `` bounced '' by their server !
 Perhaps I do n't read the fine print often enough , but I was surprised one day recently that what I purchased was essentially a subscription for a year to this service . I rebuilt my OS , installed the application , and found that updates were not available because I had purchased it over a year ago . This rendered most of my virtual CD 's useless . As reported in other reviews , my experience is that farstone ignores requests for assistance . Bottom line
 I intended to buy this but searching around the net found other products that seem to be able to handle DVD much better than this . On their updated web site Farstone show a 7.1 version that may be better than this 7.0 but if you had bought this 7.0 version they would want additional money to upgrade . I sent messages to all their listed email addresses on their web site asking for further information but all the messages were bounced back as undeliverable . This did not seem to augur well for future support for the product . I wound up canceling my order .
 I bought this program from Amazon and I ca n't play my games while mounting a `` Fake '' cd into the virtual drive . I have this problem with my CD and I do n't have the money to buy a new one . Anyway I barrowed a CD-om from my friend and created a Image using this program . Just like it says
 Do n't waste your money . The installation did n't even work on my machine . Pretty crappy quality control considering this is just about the same software they packaged a couple of years ago .
 This is just a repackaged version of the 2001 Math Advantage . It seems like all they did was slap 2005 on it and add a link to some math websites in the main menu . Encore did have some good software in the past and now all they do is repackage them every year . If you insist on buying any Encore software , I suggest finding the 2001 version of it on discount or get a used version .
 Bought this to amuse my just turned 3 grandson who can use the mouse but is a bit ackward . It is advertised for the xp system which I have on my laptop . It may not be a problem of the game but I have to shut down my computer once or twice and restart before it will play . We have only done the firetruck part and not all of that . Once you have completed a job , you ca n't do it again unless you start a game under a new name . You click on equipment laying on the floor and try and place it on the firetruck where a shadow indicates the shape . Just try and find the shadow of the coiled hose . I am an adult and had trouble finding where a couple of items go . Some of the small items must be positioned exactly before they will click into place . If you miss it , they fall on the ground and must be picked up again . When you wash then rinse then polish the truck , the voice comes on to tell you that you have done a good job before my grandson has even managed to make a good start and keeps repeating . It is difficult and probably almost impossibe for a 3 year old to position and align the truck so that the hose will spray on a bush fire . Perhaps older kids would like it but age 3 was the lowest age it was recommended for . My grandson who has liked other computer games , especially a jigsaw puzzle game with 5 or 6 pieces , gave up playing .
 I upgraded to PP v8 .0 after I bought a Visioneer 8920 scanner . I can not save scanned files to attach to e-mail . After three attempts to resolve the problem with technical support , I am no further along the road to sucess . I guess that it is time to return the program and start the fight for a refund .
 This software performs ok for scanning images , however , I found it extremely lacking for OCR . If you intend to only scan images , this software will perform that fairly easily . However , if you want OCR , DO NOT use this software , or you may as well retype the document you are attempting to scan . There is much better software available for OCR .
 I upgraded to PP v8 .0 after I bought a Visioneer 8920 scanner . I can not save scanned files to attach to e-mail . After three attempts to resolve the problem with technical support , I am no further along the road to sucess . I guess that it is time to return the program and start the fight for a refund .
 When I called ScanSoft 's customer support I asked them one question . I wanted to know if PaperPort would allow me to scan in multi-page documents into an Adobe Acrobat 5.0 PDF the same way that ScanSoft 's old product Pagis Pro would . -LRB- I am a resigtered owner of the full version of Acrobat 5.0 . -RRB- Customer service assurred me that it would do just that . I received the product , installed it and found that I would have to scan one page in at a time and then combine them later into one document -LRB- unlike Pagis Pro used to do -RRB- . Doing a little research , I discovered that Adobe Acrobat 5.0 would let me do my scanning like Pagis Pro used to do WITHOUT using PaperPort . Given the fact that I have other software that allows me to do EVERYTHING else that PaperPort will do -LRB- like editing pictures , etc. -RRB- I wonder WHAT PaperPort is going to do for me other than cost ... ? In one word , FUGEDDABOUTIT !
 With the purchase of a Visioneer OneTouch 5800 came the PaperPort Vr7 .02 . After reading the HELP files I still am not able to use the OCR capability.I am not able to get to PaperPort on the Internet.I previously had Adobe PhotoDeluxe and OmniPage . I believe I 'll reload and update them and go from there .
 I heard about Paperport from word of mouth . I 've spent a number of hours researching the product , emailing tech support , and reading reviews from leading publications and users . It appears most users dogged technical support , so I took the test myself and emailed tech support to see if they support my HP all-in-one machine -LRB- OfficeJet G55 -RRB- . Support responded within 48 hours unlike the remarks I 've read where they received poor tech support at unreasonable response times.At any rate , I opened and loaded the software on my Toshiba XP enabled laptop . Installation was easy , and without reading the instructions manual , I was able to easily create folders and scan documents . PaperPort easily recognized my scanner.In terms of software , this purchase has to rank among the most value received as my desk is becoming less of a paper pile and more of a desk . The quality of the scan is pretty good too , even capturing the creases of folded papers.I highly recommend this product as the use and ROI of my scanner is in full swing with the use of PaperPort.NOTE : Recently downgraded to 2 stars due to software using 100 % CPU and crashing my laptop . -LRB- laptop turns off -RRB- I have a 1.13 GHZ P4 with 512MB RAM and the CPU utilization of the software is too heavy intensive !!
 The PaperPort Deluxe 8.0 program looked good , ... HOWEVER , A -RRB- After installing the program , can not open any Word 2002 documents . Get `` not enough memory '' errors -LRB- 512 MB on that machine -RRB- . After UN-Installing PaperPort , Word runs fine -LRB- ie . no errors and open all docs fine -RRB- . B -RRB- When trying to open a single 50 Kilobyte Adobe Acrobat PDF file on a network drive , the program sits there for approximately 5 minutes then displays an error `` Ut Oh - Can not Open This File . '' Our test file was two pages of text only using Times Roman font . No images.C -RRB- ScanPort supposedly offers A 30 day money back guarantee . After using the form on their site ... we received a reply -LSB- that -RSB- had a phone number to call for an RMA . We called , they asked us to fax our receipt , other info for an RMA . It has been two weeks now and we have not yet received our RMA or instructions on how to return . The last tech support person I spoke to said they had an extremely large amount of email and phone requests to process .
 I have purchased Paperport deluxe 8.0 to replace the now orphaned Pagekeeper Pro . I 've installed the product on a Windows 2000 system with plently of CPU -LRB- 1GHz -RRB- and Memory -LRB- 512 MB -RRB- resources that has been stably running for more than a year . Now after using Paperport for a period of 1-15 minutes the PC abruptly shuts down and reboots . No error messages!It appears that such behavior is preceded with 100 % CPU utilization by the Paperport executable . Tech support reported that this is a known issue with the Paperport printer driver in Win2K with no workarounds and no known date of a bug fix . I have been out of -LSB- price -RSB- and I ca n't use the program . Further issues with the product relate to its inability to save the scanned files in anything but its own proprietary format meaning that whatever you scan now is forever locked in Scansoft and its support ... Do n't buy it !
 If I could give this product 0 stars I would.I used the Virtual flpooy mode first and copied it to my new maxtor 60 Gig hard drive , when done it would n't boot up . So then I tried the create program disk mode and again it said that the operation was a sucess . Tried to boot up , nothing but errors . After about 3 hours of wasting my time and money I had to re-install windows Xp from scratch . The drive utility that came with the Maxtor Hard Drive was more useful than this over priced -LSB- item -RSB- . Maybe it does work in Windows 98 or Me which allows you to run in DOS but not in XP . Powerquest has no updates for this product .
 This release touts a `` virtual floppy '' mode , which after multiple attempts -LRB- and many hours -RRB- I could never get to complete a straight drive-to-drive copy . Nowhere close to the ease and dependability of DriveCopy 3.0 , but the 30G limitation of that version makes it nearly obsolete . This version -LRB- and the included documentation -RRB- need some serious corrective work before it will be as reliable as the previous version . A complete waste of my money ...
 I tried to use this software to upgrage from a 10 gigabyte hard drive to a 40 gigabyte hard drive , a common enough task . The program took about 3 hours to perform the cloning . However , I never could get the new disk to work . I spend days on this . The powerquest web site offers very little help . I finally gave up and bought Norton Ghost . It performed the cloning in 11 minutes ! And , the new disk worked perfectly . I now have 30 gigabytes of free disk space and I did n't have to reinstall my operating system and my software . My advice
 I bought this program but it never successfully installed . I had a friend that works on computers try to install it but with limited success . I needed another disk and was referred to the website but this edition is no longer available - and neither is the tech support . The company advised that this was an `` as is '' product - so I 've learned my lesson with buying old software .
 Tonka Town is a buggy mess of software . It does not load correctly . It does not load drivers correctly . We 've never seen a single screen . I 've got a new Del so this is not an isolated problem.Atari software support has been unable to correct my problem for 5 months and has been unwilling to send me replacement software .
 We 've been using MYOB for our book keeping software for six years now , until this this release , I 've had nothing but praise.However , this version , despite the additional bells and whistles , is slow at best -LRB- System
 It has been awhile since I tested this software . After first use I returned it to the provider for a refund . I do n't remember the details as to why but I just did n't like the interface and operation .
 I realize that my review is not about this product , but I think it is relevant to potential purchasers of Avanquest products . I do not know anything about this particular program , but have had considerable difficulty with Avanquest as detailed below.I purchased My Ultimate Organizer 7.0 via download and subsequent key.I am not making this up - the product displayed a message in Serbo-Croatian telling me the key had expired.Four hours later with Technical Support and the problem is still not resolved -LRB- despite erasing the program , reinstalling , trying different keys , searching the Windows Registry , etc -RRB- . It takes a full hour on hold to get a technical support representative and at the conclusion of the last session , I was told to contact Customer Service for a CD copy in the hopes that that would resolve the issue . Now Customer Service tells me Technical Support must send me the copy , although Technical Support says otherwise . I am out $ 30 for a program that is at this point , totally useless , and left adrift by Avanquest who has my money and refuses to help me.I would purchase Avanquest products with extreme caution . If you have a Technical Support issue , you will have to wait a minimum of 60 minutes on hold -LRB- no 800 number -RRB- , and then get fairly substandard service after that .
 Dont buy this product or any My Software product as they do not offer support .
 I have used versions of this for years to do my Christmas cards , birthday cards , packages etc. . Worked great until I tried to change computers and transfer my files . Lost all my mail lists . Big problem when trying to transfer your program and download your files to another computer . The new computer and this program will not allow you to download your old files into the program again . If you start to call tech support , pull out your credit card and expect to be charged a BIG charge for their technical advice ... . No new updates for Windows 7 . Time for new program , for sure .
 I bought the Rosetta Stone to learn Farsi and did n't find it useful . Before buying this I used the Pimsleur CDs which were very helpful for conversational Farsi . It even helped me aquire the accent . The Rosetta Stone makes you guess at everything . It will show you pictures and then say the word in Farsi and you 're supposed to guess which picture it talks about . The frustrating part is that there could be several things in the picture , example
 There are so many good such products . Why bother to put out a really useless product ?
 The software is a little hard to use . It sometimes choses another word for the word you have typed in . It takes a while to be able to use it .
 No one running Mac OS X should buy this product until the bugs are worked out.Some of the more annoying Fireworks MX bugs : Eyedropper - when selecting a color , selects the inverse of that color , so you have to select the color , then select it again to get the correct color.Crop - If you set up your canvas to delete objects when cropping and then crop your document , it wo n't delete objects.Text - You can not copy and/or paste text into or out of the programThose are all I can think of right now ... but these are not all the bugs , I run into more and more every day.DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM . It 's not worth it .
 MS project2002 is actualy a bugfix version of MS project2000 , with some new funtions like converting task-list from Excell . Otherwise it is a bugfix version for using project-Center via Web , e.g. registration of project houres via web . There is some new reports and you can analyse your projectplan with multiple baseline . I would not acall it a new version !!
 MS project2002 is actualy a bugfix version of MS project2000 , with some new funtions like converting task-list from Excell . Otherwise it is a bugfix version for using project-Center via Web , e.g. registration of project houres via web . There is some new reports and you can analyse your projectplan with multiple baseline . I would not acall it a new version !!
 If the core -LRB- Microsoft Project 2002 -RRB- did n't have so many flaws this would be a major step forward in PM software . It certainly has excellent collaboration features and attempts to glue together an enterprise-wide PM system , much like industrial strength applications such as Team Results -LRB- Niku -RRB- and Primavera 's P3 product do.However , what continues to hold this back as a slick looking , but not so useful , tool is the fact that it still can not correctly compute earned value , and the lack of emphasis on planning and estimating . It 's a wonderful GANTT chart creator if you do n't mind it doing what it wants instead of what you want , and comes close to Lotus Notes as a project specific collaboration tool.If you want to actually plan and control projects though you 'll be disappointed . Also , if you are in a large company the chances are you are either mainframe , midrange or Unix centric and the sharepoint server and other MS platforms may raise your total costs of ownership -LRB- not to mention wreaking havoc with availability and security vulnerabilities -RRB- .
 I upgraded from an earlier version and absolutely hate this version . The background of the program is silly looking and does n't look like a Windows program at all . It looks like some kid drew it . The card choices are few -LRB- and none at all in some cases , like for Birthday , Friend ! -RRB- and the Internet option for downloading cards is a waste of time . Not user-friendly at all .
 If you already have an earlier version , keep it ! This was a waste of my time . You spend a lot of time trying to download from their website and cards that I had with the earlier version were no longer available . I returned my copy fast . The Platinum version is just as bad . Believe me , I tried both versions and am sticking with my old ones . They need to come up with something better in the future or they will loose me as a customer .
 I 've used CreataCard for many years to make about 100 greeting cards a year . This is a most disappointing upgrade . I spend most of my time waiting on the internet to view graphics . There are a lot of graphics available online but what a waste of my time . Unless there is a change in this format in the future this will be the last purchase of CreataCard for me .
 I have Creatacard Plus version 2 and have found this product much inferior . It is much more difficult to use , the cards are not an improvement , downloading from the internet is laborious , and I am thinking of returning it . I upgraded only because I thought it would be more compatible with Xp and maybe it is but it is not worth it .
 A very disappointing `` upgrade '' that apparently was n't conceived , designed , or tested very thoroughly by Broderbund . Unlike earlier versions , the software REQUIRES broadband Internet access to see the majority of the card designs . No internet connection -- then this software is not for you , although Broderbund does n't make this very clear in update pitches . Even with a cable modem connection , the software is SLOW and it constantly crashed after trying to access the Internet card site . I ended up returning it to Broderbund for a refund .
 I was given this program as a gift , as I had been using the Hallmark Card Studio Deluxe 3 program for quite a while and thought it would be nice to have another selection of cards to choose from . The selection of pre-printed cards in this program is extremely limited compared to Hallmark -LRB- i.e. , one choice for parents anniversary , only 2-4 birthday cards each for brother , father , mother , husband , etc. -RRB- And the `` humorous '' cards are pretty lame . I have yet to make a card from this program and always end up going back to Hallmark to find what I need . I do n't recommend AG if you 're looking for a wide-range of choices in cards .
 I ordered this from Amazon.com for my 8-year-old daughter , who clamored for it after seeing it on a TV promotion on Nickelodean or Disney . It 's also being promoted on MTV , VH1 and Comedy Central channels . When I received it , I was shocked to find the following label covering part of the box barcode on the bottom size of the box : `` Warning
 I bought this as a gift for my best friends daughter , they tried to load it onto both of their laptops , which are top of the line , as well as a desktop . The software never loaded ! What a disappointment , I feel awful !!
 Software does n't run . Website does n't work . Technical Support might help if you call during bankers hours . Absolute waste of money .
 I was hoping to improve my singing so I bought this product . It seemed like they have a clever approach . It installed just fine but when I try to run it the product simply will not load . I tried de-installing and re-installing . This seems to be seriously buggy software -- I note one of the other reviewers had the same problem I had . I went to the manufacturers site and checked out the `` support '' section but they have no technical support information up there at all . Just information on system requirements . Very disappointing , I 'm going to have to return this . Oh yes , they also have a warning on the bottom that the headphone cord contains lead -- if I was n't returning this I 'd need to worry about the safety of my two kids .
 BUYER BEWARE !! Every 9 y.o. loves to sing and loves the idea of singing along and hearing themself so I purchased this product for my daughter on her 9th birthday , In february 2008 . This product never loaded correctly . I am very good with programs and computers . I left several messages and emails with the manufacturer and they never responded . I am sure it was to late to send it back . This is a ripoff scam product , and if you purchase it you will be so sad when your child cries because the gift that was so important to her does n't work . What a waste of money and time . I think it is safer to buy toys at the store , if it does n't work you can bring it right back and let your child pick out something else , hear you have to pay for return shipping and then you loose points you accumulatedas well.Singing Coach Kidz
 This game does n't even work ! It has a pretty interesting beginning for the intro but after the short movie beginning thing , the part with sme telephone thing pops up and you ca n't do anything with it . If you 're gon na buy this , buy the jewel case one because that one had alot of great reviews and I think we bought the wrong one . I work SO hard for $ 10.00 so that I could buy this and all it was was a rip-off . My teacher has the newer version of this game -LRB- which we thought we were buying -RRB- and it is SO fun ! That 's actually how I found out how bad I wanted the game . I was working around the house alot so that I could earn $ 3.00 because the game was 10 bucks and I already had 7 . Then I finally got it and we ordered it about two days ago and it already got here . I was so excited and I just tried to play it and it sucks ... please . If you 're gon na buy this game , you might want to check what year first and see which is the newer one .
 Anyone running Mac OSX should not buy Fireworks MX . I 've been using this product grudgingly for months and the amount of bugs and errors in this program are amazing . It 's actually a joke around the office that I get angry at least once a day at Macromedia.You 'll read a lot of reviews around with `` Macromedia Evangelists '' who will give a glaring review of all things Macromedia without actually using the products on a day-to-day basis , or they 'll accept the bugs because they love Macromedia so much.I admit , I 'm still a Fireworks lover , and I 'd never switch to Imageready or anything else for that matter , to do my web design . But , as of today , I 'm moving back to Fireworks 4 and running inside of Classic . You may be wondering , what could cause someone who 's been Classic-free for months to go back . Let me give you a small sampling of some of the bugs in this version of Fireworks inside of OSX : Eyedropper tool selects the inverse of the color you 're selecting , so you have to select that color twice.Crop tool does n't crop document elements of documents with multiple frames and multiple layers -LRB- I just found this bug today and have n't done complete testing to find when it does and does n't happen -RRB- You can not copy or paste text into or out of the programThose are just a few of the bugs I 've found with this program . So , my advice to you ... DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM IF YOU ARE RUNNING MAC OS X. Wait until they release a bug fix , which hopefully they 'll do soon . But as of today , Feb. 25th 2003 , there has been no word or even rumor of a patch.I hate to be a slammer of a Macromedia product but this one deserves it . Hopefully they 'll fix it soon .
 I do n't even have it on my machine at the moment . Get that , you pay for something and do n't use it . The irritating fact that it holds up your computer for a length of time at start up and you ca n't do anything . Its just like the computer is locked up and then finally Spy Sweeper releases it and you can go to work . Very Very irritating !
 10,000 fonts ? Uh , yeah . The ones that ARE N'T renamed and repackaged fonts already found on my system from the factory are WEAK ! When I think `` new '' fonts , I want something NEW ! In my estimate , they have based almost their ENTIRE fonts list from about 5 -LRB- not so -RRB- different styles . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!
 I did n't pay full-price for this CD and I still feel ripped off . There are not 10,000 fonts in this CD - there are 10,000 IMAGES . Each character is being counted . And if you 're looking for fonts to oh , say , write a letter or document with , forget it . The fonts are for titles - big letters , not small . I was looking for additional fonts to enhance my journaling in my scrapbooks ... this did nothing for me except suck up space from my hard drive .
 Even at 20 US dollars , this is a sham.ClickArt and Broderbund obtained theirfonts by shady means , often renaming fontsmade by others . They are the bloodsuckersof the 21st century , and should not be supported .
 I guess I just `` bit '' on the offer of getting `` Click Art Fonts 2 '' . I bought it online today for $ 3.97 on sale . I do n't have the program yet , but my former experience with Broderbund software , such as `` Printshop 20 '' , have been totally a waste of time and money . You ca n't do a damned thing with Printshop and it basically sucks . If I had known that this program was from Broderbund , I would not have bought it . When you register your programs , such as printshop , they flood you with emails trying to sell you more of their crappy , useless programs.When this program comes in to my mailbox , I doubt that I will even load it . I would never have purposely purchased any software from Broderbund if I had known it at the time . I wanted 10,000 fonts , not another bad program from Broderbund.Respectlully-CW
 I 've used Calendar Creator since it first came out and it was a wonderful product until taken over by the big software companies . Not only has it become more difficult to install and use , technical support has fallen to the worst I 've had experience to use . The older versions would allow you to print horizontal half-page calendars which allowed for more room for daily comments . I 've called technical support several time to try to work this out in versions 7 & 8 with no response . If it does it , they wo n't tell you . What 's the alternative ? I have n't found one yet .
 I 've never seen such a blatant display of false advertising . The box says `` Save as HTML , Bitmap , or JPEG '' , and when you run the software you find that you ca n't save in any of the those formats . Go to their website and it will tell you this option is not available with Calendar Creator 9 , but if you buy the Deluxe version ... Even if you do n't care about this feature , please do n't let such a ripoff go unpunished . Who knows what other shortcuts they took ? There 's plenty of calendar software out there - try something else .
 The Calendar Creator 9 packaging lists among features
 I could not get Calendar Creator 9 to install on my Dell using Windows XP .
 This program is the worst of them all ! After intstalling it we could not get the art gallery to work at all . We un-installed it and re-installed 8 and something in the software of 9 -LSB- messed -RSB- up the software in 8 and I can not even get 8 to work . The earlier versions were much better to use . I would not recommend this product .
 I upgraded this from version 7 . I found MANY bugs in printing , saving and default preference option saving . This version of the software was trully an un-remarkable upgrade and Version 7 was actually more stable and actually worked more then not . In version 9 I can not print the graphics without jagged edges on either Postscript or PCL/6 printers . User preference options keet resorting to the default setting , Constant advertisements and popup screens even after registering and logging on to the Web site . Over all a HUGH dissappointment .
 The only thing ` Creative ' about this software is its description . It has less features than the previous version , but it has more useless clipart , thus the version upgrade . Nowhere does it tell you that it is not network compatible -LRB- for a home network - specifically different printers -RRB- until you try to print pages to a different printer on your home network . Then you get some inane error message about paper stock . After spending an inordinate amount of time on Broderbund 's ` Creative ' support site , you finally learn that this entire line of Calendar software -LRB- minus one version -RRB- is not network compatible . There are other things I could tell you about this too , but overall , take some advice and do n't buy this title .
 I bought this program -LRB- Deluxe 9 version -RRB- because the description said it would be compatible with my Palm Pilot . It might be . I do n't think I 'll ever know because I can not get the program to install with Windows XP . I 've spent hours trying to solve the problem , including serving time at Broderbund 's technical support site . So far , I 've had no luck . Worse still , it seems to conflict with another of Broderbund 's products on my computer , PrintMaster . It sounded so appealing but I think this program is going to end up in my junk heap . Save yourself time and money ; do n't buy this .
 I 've used Calendar Creator Plus -LRB- Win 95 and Win 3.1 -RRB- for years on my XP computer . Recently , I had major problems so I purchased version 9 because I 'd read the dismal reviews of subsequent versions . It was a total waste of money because it can not print a Month At a Glance calendar on facing pages properly . The old version had no problems with this , as well as having many more font colors available . I managed to reinstall my old version of Calendar Creator Plus successfully and am happily using it . I believe this must have been the LAST version of this useful product to ever work properly ! I have no interest in pictures , etc. , only wanting to produce an electronic calendar that monitors all my standing and new appointments with readable text in my specified format . When Softkey had the product it worked ; it has n't worked properly since . Broderbund has turned it into a real ripoff . What a shame ! I would n't even give it one star , but ca n't unclick the one that 's there.Toby
 I own Creatacard Platinum 6 and tried Platinum 7 . I returned the product after I discovered that you have to download the 8,000 + thumbnail images every time you clear your IE Browser 's cache . That 's half of the 16,000 thumbnails . Also , any thumbnails that you have looked at using the `` Show Detail '' says it is downloading to your hard drive . NOT ! It downloads to your IE Browser 's cache . Unless you have saved that image you viewed in detail by exporting it , you have to spend a lot of time trying to find the thumbnail -LRB- more download time -RRB- then download the image AND export it unless you save it in a project . The v6 comes with 3 disks but v7 comes with 2 disks . I can not believe this company thought it was a good idea for people to have to always download the thumbnail of images and detail images . This product wastes your time trying to view images that you paid for by having to download the thumbnails and the larger detail image . Avoid v7 of this product .
 Do n't waste your money on this product . This software is garbage . It is archaic software with a crude , inflexible , disorganized user interface . It was next to impossible to get this software to print correctly . I tried it on HP , NEC , and Cannon printers and it has never worked correctly . Broderbund customer support is unable to offer any useful assistance . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 Dont buy this software . It appears to have alot of card templates on the package ; but when you open it , you have to connect to the internet to get most of the cards and then you have to download them to your hard drive . It is extemely annoying to have the `` do you want to connect to the internet '' keep popping up all the time . Save your money . Buy another greeting card software that actually has the cards on the disk you buy and not the internet .
 Create A Card gold 7 has a lot of the same artwork for your cards , yet it is not sold as an upgrade . Gold 6 has 2 cds ; one with most of the artwork . Gold 7 has 1 cd ; most of the artwork must be downloaded online . Create A Card Gold 6 competes nicely with Hallmark Card Studio Deluxe ... Version 7 does not compare . To their credit what is new is of course up to my American Greetings expectations ... there just is n't enough for the money . It adds to my work time on a project to have to download it . It would have been so much more considerate to just include the 2 cd .
 So incredibly disappointed with the Platinum 7 . Lots of the things that have to be downloaded were on the disc from the old Create Card I had . Thought I was getting more for my money ! HA!Waste of my time and my computer space . I ordered it from a phone call made to my home . The one really important thing she neglected to tell me during the sales pitch , was the internet thing . Make sure you know this before you buy . Unless you want to spend hrs on the internet trying to see what you want . and then finding it is n't , ignore this product and buy the one put out before it ! It is good , but with one flaw , ca n't do as much with pictures . I do my photos in Microsoft Picture It ! and then transfer them to AGC . But I 'm definitely going to return this one if they let me .
 CreataCard Platinum 7 retains the same annoying user interface as the original 1997 version I got free with my greeting card paper , and then takes away the ability to view a group of cards -LRB- and their inside messages -RRB- as a group , but then adds the need for you to download most of the content from the Internet . Most annoying
 I ordered a used item , but the contents of the box was not the software advertised on the box . I contacted the seller to return the item for credit . I have returned the item at my expense , but have received no communication about receiving the return or a credit being issued .
 lots of items to choose from , , but almost everytime you are directed to the website , , , very annoying
 I did n't like this product and would n't reccomend it to anyone else.I purchased the Platinum 5 sometime back and really loved it and about wore it out using it so decided to upgrade to the Platinum 7 . Boy , was I surprised . Most of their art can only be used by having to be online . Even the art that was on the Platinum 5 can only be gotten now by being online using the Platinum 7 . I travel alot and ca n't be online always so this American Greetings Platinum 7 is really worthless to me.I would n't advise anyone to buy this . It does n't tell you either on packageing that you have to be online to be able to use alot of their art . To me this is unfair , not knowing . So please do not buy this product .
 I just ordered a creatacard silver 7 . I have been trying for days to get it to download . I finally took it to my girlfriend , because I thought I was doing something wrong . It is a blank DVD . When I ordered this I thought I was getting , the manual and everything . Not just a copy of the Dvd that does not work . And now I ca n't even return it , because I threw my paperwork away . ANd Everytime I try with amazon , it says this item is not refundable
 I bought this program for the sole purpose of creating a few personalized calendars for Christmas gifts - it has proven to be a waste of time and money.It is not very user friendly and there is not much online support . I was n't trying to do anything fancy - just a simple calendar and I gave up trying to figure it out . It also crashed my new Windows XP computer a few times.I would not recommend this software - I have since created my calendar with Microsoft Publisher 's Calendar wizard . I wish I had tried that first ... . oh well , live and learn .
 The interface is not user friendly . It is very limited graphically . It will only create visually horrible calenders . I 'm sorry I wasted my money ! I want something simple to use , with an intuitive interface , that puts out nice , smooth graphics . This is so far from that it 's not funny .
 Version 9 is a slight improvement over ver . 8 but still has a number of bugs . It seems that they just can not get all of their components up to date . There are still Win 95 DLLs in this version which leads to a variety of errors when running newer version of the OS . This problem began in ver 7 and has yet to be fully fixed . I really like Calendar Creator and want it to work , but after now upgrading three times in the past two years and still not having a properly running system I think I have done my last CC upgrade . Too bad , it is a unique program and really nice for many of us who like to build visual calendars .
 This is great if all you want to do is print blank calendars . Forget about trying to put in repeating appointments or events . Lots of great sounding features - too bad they do n't work on any of the Windows operating systems . They had a great product years and years ago , but have gone downhill ever since . Do n't waste your time or money with this program .
 I 've used this title for years , and was drawn into buying this particular version by the claims of PDA compatibility . When I received the product and installed it , I learned that in the help section that `` certain features of Calendar Creator and the Palm handhelds are not fully compatible , and may affect your data when synchronized . '' What an understatement!My Palm -LRB- a Tungsten T -RRB- would not accept the repeating events from Calendar Creator . Then to add insult to injury the synchronization process actually CHANGED the CC9 events I had entered ! It is bad enough that a Palm will not accept some CC9 events , contrary to the product advertisements . To modify the CC9 events in the CC9 program itself is a serious flaw in the software.Calendar Creator does well as a stand-alone product . When I have tried to use it with another application however , it fails repeatedly . Upgrading to this version is definitely a waste of money .
 This product does n't even deserve a star . Printing blank calendars is even a challenge . Some calendars do n't work properly and upcoming holidays do n't match the right dates . What a complete waste of time and money !
 I used Calender Creator 4.0 and was very satisfied with the performance of the software . I had to upgrade due conflicts with printing and my operating system . After several hours with the tech support people , I have come to the conclusion , dust off the old computer which operated under Windows 95 , reload the 4.0 version and be satisfied once more ... I do not recommend this software .
 The disk is well-organized so , once you figure out the index -LRB- not hard , if you look ! -RRB- , it is easy to find the image you want . However , some of the images are thumb-nail only and they are not labeled accordingly . This means that some of the photos you can stretch or shrink without any trouble while others end up looking terrible . This made me have to re-do my efforts with at least half of the images I cut and pasted into my powerpoint .
 This is just a helpful warning
 I contacted customer service to have my * lemon * piece of software replaced -LRB- it stopped working -RRB- ... and even with repeated requests never did hear from them . I finally purchase Sure Thing CD labeller and it works beautifully ... and covers the CD !
 While it 's true that Xandros - can - make migration of existing Win-doze apps easier , it 's also true that installation is iffy , tech support was worthless when it came to real problems -LRB- I 'm still unable to install it on my Dell 8500 laptop , though tech support `` is working with me '' on it -RRB- , and the main reason many people migrate -- the Code Weavers Crossover Office -- does n't play with Microsoft Money . I was able to install it on my wife 's Dell laptop , but could n't get any of the three brands of PCMCIA wireless cards we have -LRB- D-Link , Dell , and Netgear -RRB- to work with it . On the other hand , Ubuntu/Kubuntu installed and connected wireless and wired without further tweaking . They offer a decent installation `` universe '' for additional free Linux programs , including painless installation . Freespire Linux offers most Windows proprietary multimedia formats in free products , and has a great installation tool in their Linspire CNR product that comes free -LRB- at least for the first 30 days , I think , with the free Freespire -RRB- . Both of these distros installed easily on my Dell 8500 , and Freespire took a fairly painless tweak to get the internal wireless Broadcom chipset to work from a tutorial available in the Community Forum . I am NOT a Linux power-user . All in all , I do n't consider Xandros Premium 4 to be mature enough to warrant paying money for it . They should get better tech support , and an installation/hardware recognition setup like those provided by Ubuntu and Freespire . Fedora Core 5 also installed easily but requires more interaction after installation , and reportedly , SUSE 10.1 is quite good , though I have n't tried my copy , yet.If you really need the Crossover office , install one of the other free distros that install painlessly , then buy Crossover from Code Weavers . It 's a bit more than Xandros -LRB- about $ 70 , I think -RRB- , but you get their support with it .
 I purchased this product and I 'm disappointed.In the product description it states that you have a Security Suite with Xandros . Mine does n't work and for it to work you have to purchase the updates from the Xandros Store -- it 's more expensive than my equivalent suite I 'm using with Windows XP.If you 're looking for a cheaper alternative to Microsoft , in my opinion this is not it . Xandros has a store to sell the add-ons and they 're not cheap . Keep your plastic handy . There are apps that run under Windows that you 're not going to be able to use with Xandros.I build my computers and all is not lost . Xandros is a good substitute for `` Burn-in '' software.I may try another Linux distribution .
 Users must activate this product with Xandros support in order to unlock some of the functionality of the product and receive critical product and security updates . Without product activation , users will not receive access to such updates . Should the user activate beyond a certain number of installations , they will be denied new activation codes until they have contacted Xandros support and explained themselves . Support may or may not then grant further activation codes.This activation system is currently not documented anywhere on the main Xandros website , and users are not alerted to it during the purchase procedure or in the End User License Agreement .
 I own version 3.0 and it works great . Version 4.0 on the otherhand is a waste of money . I purchased it , tried to install it . All I would get is a little black box -LRB- appears to be a dos window -RRB- , then the program closes . I tried to read files on the disk , both PDF and HTM , both come up as binary . It looks like the disk has some kind of error/corruption on it . I sent away through Amazon for a replacement disk , same thing . Checked the firewall , virus protection software , it is not being blocked or even recognized . Near as I can tell , its defective . I would n't have minded quite as much except when I tried to send a message to Nuance they want to charge me $ 10 to send them an E-mail message , they finally send me a `` valid '' web address to send them a message to . It was a broken link to nowhere . I can call them , they want a credit card and `` may '' charge me $ 20.00 . Is this a racket ??? Anyway , I 've sent it back , hopefully this is a heads up to anybody buying this product . It may be something with the compatability of the software and my system , but without being able to even contact someone I wo n't know .
 Did not even work or give any useful information . Waste of time and money . Do not buy this product at all STAY AWAY !!!!!
 When I tried to load WinDVD 8 I received 18 error messages about not being able to load some . dll 's . After it finshed loading I tried to run the program and it gave me an error message that it was unable to run the program . I tried to load this copy of WinDVD 8 on three different computers and all gave the same error messages . I downloaded a trial version from InterVido 's web site and it loaded and ran OK . I contacted InterVideo about the problem and their service rep said it was a problem in the installer program that was on the CD . The InterVido service rep. said they had corrected the problem in the WinDVD 8 program that you can download from thier web site . This is a problem with InterVideo 's WinDVD 8 CD and not with Amazon.com.James Ellett
 Although I have used version 6 with great success version 8 with it 's copy protections blocked my dual display setup . When I tried to uninstall , it trashed my Windows Media Center PC and I had to reinstall the Windows MCE all over again . So no , I would not recommend it at all .
 I had WinDVD 7 it worked great . Updated my PC to Vista and decided to purchase WinDVD 8 because it had Vista support . Well , the upgrade software will not install properly and Intervideo support simply says that they do n't know how to support Vista problems . This is a classic example of a marketing company selling a product before it is ready . WinDVD 7 was great beware WinDVD 8 .
 InterVideo WinDVD Platinum 8 does n't work very well with Windows Vista . It crashes , it freezes and ultimately causes plenty of problems . Within four days , I requested a refund and complied with their 14-day return policy . Here we are 90 days later , and despite several promises that a refund would arrive ; nothing yet . I finally contacted the Better Business Bureau , because I am not going to let them retain my money.InterVideo has several pages worth of complaints regarding software , tech support and refund issues . Simply put , despite the policy , they promise refunds but never actually follow through . Avoid InterVideo software and service at all costs.UPDATE
 Hard to review this product when you can not even get it to install . The CD key/serial number does not work . I 've check the ulead forums about this problem and it seems to be one that gets little if any attention from the company . I think I 'm above average when it comes to computers and have never come across this problem with software before . I hate to imagine the frustration it would cause a novice to get this software up and running . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I updated my WinDVD 7 with WinDvd 8 only to be disappointed . I tried the program on two computers . On my first computer I cant even get the program to open , all I get is errors -LRB- but WinDVD 7 works fine . -RRB- On my second computer I can play DVD 's , but many times it will display a dll error and close when trying to use simple options such as trying to attempt fast forwarding . The software is buggy and not as stable as WinDVD 7 . If you already have windvd 7 , I would recommend you to stick with the current software . I tried downloading updated versions of WinDvd 8 only to keep getting error messages . I can play a movie straight through most the time if i do n't pause , fast forward , rewind or use any other options . I have had WinDVD 8 for a few weeks now without any resolutions . Please be aware before purchasing .
 Warning
 I own WinDVD 6 Platinum . I bought it directly from Intervideo , before they were bought by Corel . I paid for the disc . Spent over $ 100 . Worked just fine . My computer crashed , I reinstalled the program and I need a new activation key . I have spent one month trying to extract the key from Corel . No help . No tech support . Their e-mail address does not work . They want me to buy a new product . But I wo n't .
 Besides being terribly buggy , this programs is impossible to reinstall , as many of us are doing on new Windows Vista computers . Like many of its ilk , Corel -LRB- which brought us the infamous Ulead Video Mess -RRB- , makes it nearly impossible to get a renewed `` activation '' code . I 've searched all over their site , but obviously they want you to buy the product again -LRB- and again -RRB- . Instead , go for free dvd player software available on-line , or if you need basic editing software , go with a reputable seller . AVS for example has an inexpensive package of tools -- and a free player if thats all you need.And that really is all 98 % of home users need.Why waste your time and money ?
 I tried to install the download version on a fairly high end Vista PC . WINDVD 8 installed okay , but I could not get it to `` activate '' with the SN/key provided by Intervideo . The key was accepted when I first launch the program , but it keeps returning to the same activation screen over and over again . I tried uninstalling and reinstalling to no avail.I had no such problem installing -LRB- and activating -RRB- PowerDVD Ultra , a competing DVD Player Windows Vista compatible PC application sold by Cyberlink.The user interface on WINDVD 8 Platinum appears better than PowerDVD , but Intervideo 's support for HD DVD and BluRay DVDs is available only via an alternate version -LRB- Intervideo website downloadable only -RRB- . HD DVD and BluRay support comes standard in Cyberlink 's PowerDVD Ultra , but at 30 dollars higher price . You have to read the `` fine print '' to be made aware of this and finding this so-called `` alternate '' version on their website is obscured to say the least ; almost like Intervideo does not really want to sell it , least not in the boxed -LRB- retail -RRB- version.I think the other reviewers are right on with all the bad reviews of this product and certainly with respect to Vista installations .
 I wished I had known a couple of things prior to October 17th 2007:1 -RRB- I wished I had known that WinDVD 8 ai n't no WinDVD 7.2 -RRB- I wished had known that buying WinDVD 8 would be a waste of forty-something bucks , a waste of endless hours with Corel 's tech support , and a waste of time -LRB- try 20 days ? -RRB- of following Corel 's Tech support instructions , including hours of ` holding ' for someone to pick up , uninstalling regedit 's -LRB- ? -RRB- , downloading Microsoft patches and getting not one , but two useless new product keys.But MOSTLY what I wished I had known was that WinDVD 7 was the best of the last and I should have paid better attention to where I stored the program disk.Simply put , my computer had some issues and in getting them resolved , anything not already installed on the hardrive with purchase had to be re-installed . I could n't find the WinDVD 7 program , so I went to my local store , found out they no longer had WinDVD 7 , but WinDVD 8 ` would work just fine ! '' . HAH !!! I 've given up trying to get the program working and I do n't even have Vista ! I have XP . I figured the MOST I could do was warn people . Do n't think WinDVD 8 is just a better WinDVD 7 . It 's not ! And do n't think Corel 's tech support can help you -- they ca n't . Lastly , if anybody has a working copy of WinDVD 7 , put it away in a safe place . You might need one day and they ai n't making no more ...
 Geez , i ca n't believe that the online demo version of this stuff worked so well and the boxed store version would not even load . Do n't waste your time trying to contact these buzzards either . After 45 minutes on hold I could n't take it any longer . This stuff is a joke . There 's got to be something better out there . My windows vista runs windows media player just fine . I do n't even know why I bothered to spend hard earned cash on Intervideo . Save your money to buy a pizza , at least you 'll be happy in the end .
 I had a simple question about making clips from videos and why I was not getting sound . Do they even have sound ? Its four weeks plus and I still have not recieved an answer .
 The WinDVD 8 software came with a serial installation number that could not be used because one of the characters -LRB- a circle with a slash mark across it -RRB- is not on the keyboard . I sent an e-mail to WinDVD 8 and they never answeredme . Amazon refunded me for the full purchase price . Amazon deserves an A + !
 The serial number for registering the product did not work and there was no assistance from the vendor . Did I get a counterfeit product ? Were they sloppy in printing the serial number or verifying the number via the software ? I 'll never know because I returned the product for a refund .
 I have purchased WinDVD 8 to upgrade Win DVD 7
 I bought this download and it never worked . What is worse is that I could not get any help from Coral either . I even wrote to their head office in Canada and my letter was ignored . These people have taken my money and produced nothing and I am extremely angry about it . What makes matters worse is that I can not seem to get it off my computer even though it does n't work !!
 Great controls , layout etc. . Crash , crash , crash . It constantly locks ALL of my computers up all 14 of them . Do n't use this product even if you get it free .
 I thought this would pay for itself . It installed great . I tried to download and it would not respond . I copied a song from a CD - no problem . I sent it to my phone - no problem . I tried to save it - would not save ! I went to their `` My Locker '' and tried to download tones - download would not work . If you need the bluetooth it 's $ 40 bucks . I will not give up , I will make it work - I hope!Donna
 After reading the box and seeing that it supposedly supported my phone and midi files I purchased this product . Even found my phone specifically in the listed phones in the software . Well , when attempting to make a ringtone , I found out that it does not save to midi , and the only format available that I got to work on my phone was the . amr format and it sounded terrible . I suppose the only midi files it can support is the crappy free tones on their website . Do n't waste your time or money !
 Buy one of their products once and they will hound with special offer E-mails twice a day for the rest of your life ! Unsubscribing from their mailing list does no good , the SPAM just keeps coming !
 this is the worst . . still cant get it to work . . so i bought it for nothing . . no anything it dont work . . it stinks
 This Program is Garbage
 Avoid bad code , go get a stable time tracking application tied to your accounting software . My company has used Timeslips since 2000 . Back then the options were Timeslips at about $ 1k + installation and annual support and licensing fees versus Excel . Or , the big firms used custom apps built on relational databases.The trend seems to be accounting software vendors are adding web time tracking features . We use QuickBooks , which launched TimeTracker in 2006 . We 've just completed the free trial and are happy with it so far . Although we have n't completed the first billing cycle yet , but our bookkeeper says it 's working great.As for Timeslips , I just tried to cancel our monthly eCenter account subscriptions -LRB- $ 10 each -RRB- After 15 minutes at the help desk , the attendant told me she could n't do it and that I needed to go online to cancel . I went online and there 's no way to cancel.Timeslips crashed constantly . Employees hated it and eCenter worked but was not intuitive -LRB- or easy to cancel -RRB- .
 I purchased this license for one computer that I stopped using and could not transfer license to upgraded computer . $ 500 down the drain . Company refused to help . VERY BAD COMPANY __ I AGREE !! I 'm an attorney/solo practitioner .
 Now , it wo n't transfer Timeslips ecenter slips . You will get one token email a day asking you mostly irrelevant questions . The worst Customer Support of any program ever in the world!I believe the 5 * saccharin reviews are staged by people connected to the company . They are totally inaccurate.When you set aside a non-court day for billing once a month , and they have changed something about the program w/o telling customers , it means the bills do not go out for a month.They really play `` Hide the Ball , '' to get anything working . They are all geared for Sales and pushing you to buy more . Attitude is curt , `` play dumb , '' -LRB- and most do not understand problems-they ask really obvious questions that any idiot would have tried -RRB- and they do not care . Takes days or weeks to get a simple question answered . They will email irrelevant answers as though you had not discussed things several times previously . They do n't even read or answer the full email , obviously . It is token . You have to be yourown tech person.Takes 10X as much time as it should because of inherent problems and waiting on support . Sage should be out of business . Used TS over 20 years , but Sage is a VERY BAD company . Plus , they are set up for eastern time . As soon as I get time , I will get another program . Any recommendations w cloud/web based would be appreciated .
 It 's been difficult to install , difficult to work with . It 's slow and I feel like I 'm going to break it if I click the wrong thing.The UI does n't match modern versions of Windows or even XP . The drop downs appear on the wrong monitor if you are using multiple monitors.The only redeeming quality I 've found so far is that there is an importer that manages to barely work somehow . I enter all my time with Excel and save it as a . csv and then run it through the importer.Oh and good luck trying to access the database over any kind of VPN .
 I had an old version of Timeslips running on a Windows box . I bought a new computer . I can not transfer the program to the new one . Sage says they no longer supports the old program . They want me to buy a new program for almost $ 500.00 . I do n't need the new program . I am perfectly happy with the old one . I paid for the license to run it on one computer . That 's all I want to do . -LRB- Actually , I do n't think support knows how to move the old program to a new computer . -RRB- These people are not really interested in the small firm or single user.There are other billing programs out there . Use one of them . Better still , switch to a MAC .
 Do n't waste your money . This program is out of date , it will not work with system OS X and intel processorsIf I could I would have selected 0 stars
 first of all the installation asks for a serial number that you have to get from corel with your proof of purchase from amazon . than you have to email this proof to an address that does not exist . then make a phone call and wait on line for 12 minutes . Then creat an account online where you need your SERIAL NUMBER -LRB- which you dont have -RRB- in order to set up the account in order to send the email requesting help . Then wait for 24 hours for a reply . Mean while I am wasting my life away putting up with this nonsense . No I take that back I will throw this cd -LRB- WinDVD Gold 8 -RRB- in the trash , and use another product .
 Returned software as it crashed my computer several times before I uninstalled it.I ran SATA RAID Verion 1 hard drives Mirror on an AMD 2500 + cpu . Software worked intermitantly . This software is likely in big trouble.I have since donated this computer and upgraded to Vista Home Premeium . Vista has what initially appears to be a very nice DVD decoder/viewer included.First return with Amazon was smooth with account credit posted
 WinDVD 8 has many problems on Windows Vista despite claims by its maker that it is compatible . If you run Vista , do not buy WinDVD.You will find that the boxed retail version crashes when playing mpeg files . The download version behaves differently but fails to play audio when playing MPEG files -LRB- as opposed to DVDs -RRB- . Support from Corel/Ulead/Intervideo effectively does not exist . The software patch available from Corel fails to install properly . Also , they will not honor returns on the retail product.If you still want to try this product , definitely do not buy the retail version . They offer a free trial download . Maybe it will work better for you . As for me , money down the drain .
 I ordered this software straight from the box so I would n't have any problems with setting it up . Too bad that the program required five calls to tech support and not one solution that actually worked . The guys there even admitted that the box version contained errors . Just in case , I even took my computer in to work and had the IT guys make sure all of the Windows XP stuff is up to date - which it was . MFC Application error - right out of the box ? What the heck ?! I 'm guessing that this software is actually pretty nice once you get it working . I 've been using the free version that came with my computer - WinDVD 4 - and I like it . But poor marks to Intervideo for this lame version .
 Kaplan SAT prep has a cartoon like feel that has more semblance to a Disney video game than software intended to help raise sat scores . Avoid the annoyance !!
 Being an enthusiast of the EB , and already owning a softwareversion and an old paper edition , I was very thrilled by thepossibility of having access to the EB on my pda as well . Nomore would I be left musing about a strange place nameon a book read in the cafe , or wondering what the currency ofa country might be called ... It was a disappointment , then , to find that the `` Concise '' in the name of the product is aneuphemism for grossly abbreviated ; many articles do little morethan state the obvious about their topic . Moreover , one wonderswhy this needs to be the case , as current SD cards have becomecheap and have enough capacity to contain a lot more text . Isit the desperate need for claiming 900 `` illustrations '' ?
 The Britannica Concise also comes in a downloadable version which if you have a good size sd card it would prove more convenient than whipping out an extra card dedicated only to the Britannica.I have both the Columbia down loadable Encyclopedia and this B.E. All around I much prefer the Columbia . It is much easier to navigate , it has plenty of options -LRB- the B.E. downloadable only has four / beam , delete , fonts , and resolution -RRB- and is much funner to use . The only advantage this Britannica has over the Columbia is over all it has a few more entries ... but not always more detailed.The B.E. claims to be 2006 but looking up `` Israel ' for example it stopped at the end of 2000 after Israeli troops abruptly withdrew from Lebanon . The Columbia on the other hand went up to the Israeli conflict with Hezbollah in July 2006 . The newest article I could find on the Britannica was 2005 .
 I 've searched extensively for a software like this one because it starts you off with the basics , but it is not user friendly . It continually hung up my system and flashed errors . I wish they would do something to improve it in these areas . I would certainly repurchase it if they did . I had to call in a computer tech to get my system back to operating properly . I loved the individual they had introducing the lessons . She made it so clear . This is the type of software I need . Please improve it and send notification . The exercises were exciting and challenging . It 's good , but definitely needs improvement . I own other Spanish software , but compared to the way their lessons are set up , this one is best to me . I need to begin with basics , and this one does it ; especially when she explains about verb conjugations . It also starts you off with greetings . The others I have do n't . They throw you right into nouns and verbs . I like this one of all and pray that you improve it .
 This program is another of those that AOL is using to infiltrate and take over your computer . After downloading the software I found that I had also , without knowing it , loaded my computer with AOL software and Icons . What 's more , there is no way to uninstall it . They tell you that you can but you ca n't , unless you know how to go all over your computer and hand pick all the files it adds or modifies . I find this obtrusive and offensive . If I wanted AOL I would have it - after all AOL saturates us with advertising already .
 This product is a good value for the money . however , it is abandoned as a product and wo n't receive any further updates . Who wants to buy yet another dead end product which will never be repaired ? Kind of like buying a car from a manufacturer who does n't exist any more . Who in their right mind would do that?There are other products out there , like Neato , Magic Mouse Productions ' Discus , or even Avery 's software , that are still being updated .
 This program dated 2001 does not support Stomper format . The custom label feature supports simple format only . It seems to have bugs . After created a label , I have to restart the PC for it to work properly . When running the internet with this program in the back ground also caused the computer to hang -LRB- some times -RRB- . This program needs improvement in the area of supporting more label formats and stability .
 when you install this program it has ways of coaxing you into buying a. . . annual subscription to a so-called 1,000,000 image club thru their Expressit image link . These images , only a fraction of what you think you are going to get , are mostly junk and mostly cartoon-like images . The program itself is not easy to work with . Front labels , CD labels , and Backlabels are different projects , which makes the whole thing cumbersome .
 Tax Cut imported Turbo Tax data very well . Interface was easy to use . Do not get Tax Cut if you plan to depreciate property , you will be disappointed . The program would not create a depreciation schedule which I submitted and only way to override was to manually create and enter depreciation figures for all items and all years . This may be good software for those with basic tax returns however .
 This TaxCut software was ordered because I believed it was the 2009 edition ; the year was not shown clearly in the vendor 's ad . When I complained , the vendor promptly refunded the purchase price and shipping fee . I then ordered the 2009 edition directly from Amazon . It was sent promptly .
 I agree with the two previous reviewers . It caused my computer to lock up every time . I would have to reboot since Ctrl-Alt-Del would not work . Definitely a waste of money .
 Every time I try to burn a CD , the computer hangs and has to be rebooted .
 I recently replaced my computer with a 2 gig , Pentium 4 and found out right away that Roxio would n't work and their upgrades did not improve performance . I bought NTI CD Maker and found it to be a little better . I have made 2 or 3 copies of discs , but never smoothly . It still stalls , sputters and cripples along . Usually , my computer will lock up and the only way out is to turn it off and back on . Ctrl , Alt , del will not even reset it . If it was worth anything , I would sell it used . I have made many coasters with this software and I think the program disc will ad to my collection . Customer support is nonexistant . Buy it at your own risk !
 I checked back to see how things were going for this sorry piece of software and lo and behold , there were only 3 reviews and 2 of them were positive ! . I still have my useless copy and will sell it cheap if I can find it . If you like a locked up computer and need coasters , by all means buy this software . I ca n't believe it still up for sale !! Even though it professes to be Xp compatable there is no way . I posted a more detailed review previously and have no idea why Amazon has deleted it.NTI Cd maker made me many 22 pistol targets before I finally gave up on it . The asking price for new or used is way too much !
 This CD maker is a piece of garbage . It freezes my computer whenever I try to use it . It wo n't copy correctly and the CD 's are of very low quality . Definatley do n't waste your time or money on this product ; it 's not worth it .
 I have found this product to be a complete bucket of guano . Although it has n't `` Hung '' my computer it creates CD 's that are not recognized by the computer they were created on , let alone a remote box . It creates CD 's that stop in the middle of a track , or `` hang '' not playing the track at all . It is consistent in that it creates an unreliable CD in either CD Copy or Data mode . I wo n't use it again .
 this program worked great until i simply wanted to turn it off for bit . when i turned it back on it was letting everything through . checked all the settings no luck . when i un installed it , the program managed to delete all my ports -LRB- common with braodband users -RRB- . which made accessing the internet impossible . since it was the download i had no other choice but to format my hard drive . it turns out i was not alone , several people have ran into the same problem including some reviewers of this product . so i hope this helps to answer some of your questions . if you have dsl or dial up this does not seem to happen .
 I do n't think the user interface is very good on this product , but one thing really irked me . When you install the product it overwrites your Windows system font files without asking you . And this is verison 3 of the product ! We use Garamond in our label and the True Type Font it overwrote was much better . We had to recover the original font from another system . This happened on both Windows98 and Windows XP Professional . Unfortunately , I verified this was the culprit for sure the second time around . Hopefully , this will save you some grief .
 This software is ok for designing labels . Personally , NEATO 's MediaFACE 4 is much more powerful . The Design Wizard is awesome . With NEATO 's software -LRB- www neato com -RRB- , I was able to create a label for my audio cds without typing in the song names . It automatically recognized the songs -LRB- needs to be able to connect to internet -RRB- .
 I am really startled at the praise this software is getting . We own approximately twenty software titles for children and I would rank this as one of the three worst . In its favor it does not crash , but the quality of both format and content is poor.First off , the resolution is bad . We 've run this game on a Macintosh laptop and desktop computer , and the introductory footage looks fuzzy on both.The live-action introduction is fun for fans of the show , but the few live-action sequences in the game 's interior are not enough to keep little ones happy . The Kratt brothers are charming hosts of the television show but we do n't see enough of them in this game . After the introduction children see a pan-and-scan version of Animal Junction populated with twenty-six clickable animals , each representing a different letter of the alphabet . When kids click on one of the animals , they receive a `` page '' with a picture and an assortment of facts about that creature , though in eight instances a child is presented instead with a game -LRB- more about these later -RRB- . Confusingly , when a game is finished we hear Zoboo say , `` That was great ! Here 's your animal page . Do you want to play again ? '' Instead of seeing an animal page , kids get a Yes-No choice . If they choose Yes they go to a game repeat . If they choose No they then go to the appropriate animal page . Did they beta test this at all?Finally , the games are neither well-explained nor are they well-designed for children . Penguin Pong , even at the lowest of three difficulty levels , moves slowly and , in the vein of the classic game Pong , you have to knock out 49 blocks . It takes forever and kids get bored . Similarly interminable , the letter scramble is also a mess . A child must rearrange letters to form the name of a pictured animal , then click on a virtual spinner to advance Zoboo 1 , 2 , 3 or 4 spaces on a `` game board '' . First complaint
 With all the software titles available now days , I would suggest passing on this one . My child loves animals and learning , however , this is one of our least favorites . Maybe this is because we have access to more software -LRB- family `` hand-me-downs '' -RRB- so this one just sits . After using this a few times I kept thinking there would be more substance , there is n't . I would suggest one of the JumpStart learning series -LRB- jumpstart advanced preschool etc. -RRB- .
 I ca n't believe they could n't do better . This program looks like it was written 10 or 12 years ago . If you are a complete newbie you may find this easy to use software a good place to start . If you want to be creative - look elsewhere .
 I 've used most versions of Calendar Creator since version 1 . I recently upgraded to Calendar Creator 8 from version 4 because version 4 wo n't run under Windows XP . I found that version 8 would n't import my version 4 data . I find version 8 much harder and less intuitive to use than the older versions . The box says it 'll export data for use in a webpage . Wrong . Ya got ta spend extra for the deluxe version for that .
 If you want to use the templates provided , this works ok . Customizing is a nightmare . Getting it to print correctly is almost impossible and the help is useless . I 'm going to try something else .
 This product may serve a home user fine . But in our network we can not have our users needing administrative rights just to use this product . It is poorly written code in my opinion .
 If you use Internet Explorer 6 the cd burning software DOES NOT WORK ! As soon as you attempt to drag files or copy an entire cd you will get a `` illegal operation '' notice and the program will close . You can not burn a cd . The troubleshooting guide will tell you to uninstall IE6 and use an earlier version . After much e-mail correspondence their tech support -LRB- a JOKE -RRB- will tell you the same . They say they are aware of the problem but really have no fix ! By the way if you review their own system req 's they say that IE 5.0 or higher is req 'd . Sales and tech support are on different planets !
 I bought this because it was inexpensive and I do n't need much for my purposes of video editing . this product , however , is horrible . It ca n't even meet my basis needs . I get eror messages constantly and it crashes every time I use it . This is no exageration . I have never actually exited out of the program because it always crashes on it 's own . It does n't work well with XP -LRB- which is never really mentioned anywhere -RRB- . The help -LRB- both in the help menu and online -RRB- is not very helpful . No user manual was included . It was just a very bad product . Check out their online help site and you will see an abundance of negative feedback -LRB- I did n't see this until after I purchased the product and was going there to get help -RRB- . I could go on for even longer about it but I wo n't . I do n't know what else is out there , but there has to be something better than this . Even if it costs a little more it would be worth it !!
 I bought this product as an alternative to having to upgrade the Easy CD Creator ver . 5 from the OEM version 4 after installing the XP upgrade to my ME . It does n't work either-at least not the NTI CD Burner . It wo n't work with IE 6 . The package also comes with Cakewalk Pyro-which I 've tried to use to burn CD 's but is very slow and inconsistent -LRB- 3 of seven cuts played-the rest gave me error messages -RRB- I suspect because it 's designed more toward Mp3 and WAV devices . So far , the CD label Maker piece is great with tons of graphic alternative and also very easy to use . My suggestion , do n't fight city hall-just roll with the Easy CD creator upgrade , I 'm going to .
 I bought this mostly because of the video editing section of the product ... I got all excited and when i installed it , I realized there is no way to hook up my video camera to the computer . The product claims to be able to put your old home made movies on to a CD . Unless u have a video camera that has a USB port -LRB- mine doesnt -RRB- , or you go out and buy one of those expensive A/V ports for ur computer , youve wasted your money . The music editing portion doesnt work with my computer because i have Internet explorer ver . 6 and i have to un-install it and download another version . I intend on taking this `` video editor '' back .
 This software has been an extreme disapointment.It 's basically a loose bundling of packages from 4 different companies . No integration , just 5 packages from 4 different companies under one installer.One of the packages would n't even install properly.Learningco does n't seem to have any support for this product anywhere on their web site , nor any updates.The original vendors of the packages wo n't support them because they 're not FULL versions of the included software . You will , however , run across many opportunities to pay extra to upgrade to supported `` full '' versions during your quest for help.Junk .
 Just received this software . I bought it mostly to burn photos . I am unable to do this . Someone please tell me how to do it . I am a novice at this . As soon as I can figure out how to burn photos I will change my rating . Thank you .
 This product stinks ! I bought it to cut the weeds in my front yard ... but all it does is chop carrots and some meat products . The sulution to my problem was to buy the $ 2,500 PhotoShop editor , it worked much better.Really this is a GREAT product . And its well worth the -LSB- money -RSB- i spent on it .
 For those of you who want to use a `` User Friendly '' program , I highly recommend that you DO NOT purchase this program . I found it to be very difficult to use and no technical support , unless of course you want to pay for it . This review comes from someone who is an IT Administrator , not just an amateur .
 What should be an easy to operate machine is nothing more than a giant nightmare . It 's next to impossible to move data from an existing address label list to its program , the labels jam and peal off when they get a hair to do so , etc.So mine is sitting on the floor in my office taking up space . I have never successfully used it . Save your money . It 's easier to address envelopes by hand .
 So , you find some cheap software , load it on your computer and start adding contacts . All is well and good , but then you need to REGISTER the darn thing ... in fact it prevents you from using the software until you register it.So , then you click the Register now button ... and LOW AND BEHOLD ... you cant . The company is gone , the website doesnt work and the phone number is disconnected.Sure hope you did n't spend a lot of time and energy on the software before being locked out of it ... like I did .
 It 's a great program with a lot of flexibility but it overtaxes the CPU . After loading the program , try CTRL-ALT-DEL . You 'll find it 's utilizing most of the CPU . It overheats the CPU if you have more than a program or two running . When I use the program , I have to load it , look up or do what I want and then close it or I get warning messages about the CPU overheating .
 I have used `` My Mail List '' since 1999 & I wish I could find another option . The software itself is somewhat compicated but with time I have learned to use it . My beef is with the the bulk mail feature that adds the Zip +4 to the addresses . The zip +4 data base that comes with CD is only warranted to be current for 3 months . When that data base expires after the 3 month period your out of luck . In my case the data expired slightly more than 1 month after I purchased it . After tracking down the phone number for my `` Free Replacement '' I managed to get a customer service rep in India whose only interest was selling me a new $ 49.99 data base . With the 2nd call I finally got a someone who would send me the replacement data base . One week later I recieved my data base CD only to find that it was also expired . Rather than give up I called a number that was on the shipping tag of the box . This was a California # and the guy that answered the phone was very friendly and he sent me another data base CD . Another 1 week wait & then I flop the new CD into the laptop and I have been sent another expired data base . Called the California # again and the guy apologizes and sends me another data base CD . 1 week later I again flop it into the laptop and I finally have a good database , but I ca n't be happy very long because this one expired six weeks later . This time I call a phone that is on the expired data base CD and get their sales department . I am told that because it had been over 3 months since my purchase , my only recourse is to purchase another data base for $ 49.99 . If you just need software to keep a mailing list skip the `` Deluxe '' version & purchase the `` regular '' version of this software or even use Excel in combo with Word to do a mail merge , but if you plan to do bulk mailings then you will need the zip +4 on the `` Deluxe '' version . I do not like dealing with this company but I have not found a replacemnt .
 We 've been using Caldendar Creator for many years and because of a computer upgrade had to go to the newest version . It leaves a great deal of white space because you are forced to have each event either boxed or bannered . I called the company to see if I was missing something that I could change to decrease the white space so the print will get larger and the person on tech support was rude . I hope they lose that feature in the next version . In the meantime , I am trying to find an old computer to install the old version on .
 Compatibility problems with XP - despite claimed compatiblity . Does n't work with my newest print drivers - had to load old drivers . Formatting text is more difficult than with older versions - tab key does n't function properly.I 'm going to buy version 7.0 & eat the -LSB- money -RSB- loss & hope I can get 7.0 to run on XP -LRB- emulating an earlier version of Windows -RRB- .
 Picked it up as an impulse buy at Staples.EXTREMELY FRUSTRATING to use . Almost works . Date entry fields are way messed up . Ca n't correctly set date range to print . Ca n't set Event dates in a reasonable fashion.CCv8 is a POS . As much as it pains me to say it , I must recommend that people use MS Outlook instead ...
 I have been using Calendar Creator Deluxe for several years over many releases . Each version gets more difficult to configure . I had finally solved the many problem in ver . 7 when 8 appeared and I foolishly switched , bad move . Ver . 9 has just been released and I am going to try once more , if it is this bad I give up !
 screw up a perfectly simple program ? Ask Broderbund , as they went out of their way to make this product nearly 100 % unusable . Further , one can not access their support/help or even `` contact us '' links . Suggestion -- pull the product from your offerings . BTW , the website does offer the following advice ; `` If you are having problems you should first become a better -LRB- more knowledgeable -RRB- user , as most problems can be corrected if you do so . ''
 It seems that all previous Quickbook versions will not run on Windows Vista and I had upgraded my system . So , I bought Simple Start as the least expensive way to get a Quickbook product to run on Vista . Turns out Simple start runs fine on Vista BUT you can not load a company file from earlier versions . Thus , Simple Start was simply useless to me . When I called Intuit customer service they said that for another $ 100 they 'd give me a license number that would unlock that feature . By that time I was committed and had no choice . Talk about getting ripped off !!!
 If you have a previous version of QuickBooks ... any previous version ... this is NOT the version to buy . It will not convert any previous data and when you go to uninstall it and send it back , your old version will no longer work . Oh , and your files will be moved so you could n't even find them if the previous version did work . I hope Intuit gets what 's coming to them at some point and I hope I 'm around to see it .
 I was looking for a simple package to keep records for small non-profit . Everyone advised me to get Quickbooks . Tried the free version first , but it is too limited . I ca n't even imagine a business so simple that version would work for . Tried Simple Start 2007 , installed OK on first attempt and used the package for around 6 months . Learning curve is steep but manageable for non-accounting types . Biggest problem -LRB- and so far unsolvable -RRB- came about when I contracted a virus on my PC . After clearing off the virus I had to reload most of my applications and all came back up fine . Quickbooks will NOT reinstall . I 've tried all their fixes from the Intuit website and nothing works . I called Intuit Quickbooks , turns out this is a known bug and they still wanted to charge a fee to allow me to talk to a customer service person . I 've decided to write off the $ 100 for the Quickbooks and use the free Microsoft Office financial package . I wo n't be buying anymore Quickbooks packages .
 I read the review saying Simple Start did n't have enough features and would lead to upgrading to get a usable version . Despite the warning , I thought I could get away with Simple Start because I was buying the program for bookkeeping at a tiny church and would be putting few demands on the program . Even for my simple needs , it was a bust I had to upgrade to Pro for an additional $ 100 . If Quicken is n't enough for your needs , get Pro .
 If you are buying this product because it is the cheapest one Intuit offers , excpect to get what you pay for . If your needs are really so simple that this product will work for you then you would be just as well off using a spreadsheet , or downloading the free version from Microsoft , or even using their home version with business added . By the time you figure out that you need better capabilities it will be too late to return it.Bottom line , if you want a good Quickbooks bump up to the Pro version , so you can get real Customer and Vendor management , and a decent overview summary , and multiple category levels .
 There is not a problem with the product per se . The problem is I bought a used version of this product . The product was originally registered to the original owner . Therefore , our information does not match the information presented by the orignal owner to Quickbooks . QB will not help us out as we are not the original owners . Because we can not register it we could only use it for 30 days . BUYING A USED QUICKBOOKS VERSION WAS A WASTE OF OUR MONEY . WE CAN NOT USE IT !
 Not suited for any business that does much volume or has employees . The ads did n't clearly tell me I could n't add Payroll over this version . Ended up having to buy the full Quickbooks anyway , wasting money .
 Bought this and ca n't get it to work or even update online . Everytime I try to use it I get error messages . Do n't waste your money .
 Wish I had n't wasted my money . This product would not install at all . This is the last time I buy any Symantec product until they correct problems and have REAL SUPPORT other than their useless online `` support '' . In the last 5 years it seems they have produced sub standard products and yet still keep raising their prices .
 It was time to renew my Norton Internet Security Subscription for my home computer -LRB- Sony Vaio Pentium IV desktop -RRB- . I had been getting these messages bugging me to do this for a few weeks -LRB- you do n't want to do this until the last possible minute because Symantec restarts your subscription at the time you renew , not at the time your old subscription expires -RRB- . My option for renewing to NIS 2006 alone was to allow Symantec to automatically rebill me every year . The only option which allowed a one-time renew included the addition of Norton Systemworks Basic Edition for an additional $ 10 . I had used NSW before at work and it had been helpful . So I thought , `` what the heck , for $ 10 more , why not download this too . BIG MISTAKE ! The default is that NSW also installs a utility called Norton GoBack . Its purpose is to take an image of your hard drive so that you can `` go back '' to a point in time if your system crashes and recover the disk at that point . Unfortunately , GoBack -LRB- which Symantec apparently bought from another company and did not develop or obviously field-test in house -RRB- uses its own method of partitioning the hard drive that is not universally recognized by Windows . The automatic reboot froze up my computer with an error message reading cryptically `` Load needed DLLs for kernel . `` In over my head , I had to contact GeekSquad to come to my home to the tune of $ 150 or so . When they tried restarting the system from a boot disc , the operating system could detect no files on the C
 One of our family computers stopped booting Windows XP . I bought Norton SystemWorks 2006 Basic Edition with the hope of bringing the computer back to life with Norton Disk Doctor . Unfortunately , the Basic Edition does not boot from the CD-ROM . In other words , you need to have a running Windows system before you can use the product . The Basic Edition is not a product for trying to get Windows running again . But neither is the regular version of Norton SystemWorks , that only adds virus protection . According to the online manuals , you have to go for the Norton SystemWorks Premier product before you get a bootable CD-ROM . Additionally , when I tried to run the Basic Edition CD-ROM on another working Windows system , the program always ended up `` Not Responding '' . This happened whether I tried to perform an installation , or run SystemWorks directly from the CD . I had to dig through the directory structure of the CD-ROM to execute any programs . I give this product one star because it can not be used for emergencies and the installer does not work.My solution was to burn a Knoppix CD-ROM . Knoppix is a version of Linux that fits on a single bootable CD , and runs from the CD . After booting from the Knoppix CD I was able to access the hard disk and recover my files by copying them to a USB drive -LRB- make sure you first right-click on the USB drive icon and select the `` Actions '' menu , and select `` Change read/write mode '' and make the drive writable -RRB- .
 Had to reload my XP operating system after bad advice from Symantec/Norton tech support . If you want to know the complete story , please read on . Norton AntiVirus came installed on my PC . When subscription was up , I renewed . Installed Internet Security without a problem but had difficulty with SystemWorks . Tech support had me go into Start / Run / and type `` reged '' -- DO NOT DO IT . The program installed but I lost among other programs , my Microsoft Office -LRB- Outlook , Word , Excel , Access , and PowerPoint -RRB- and I could not reinstall it -LRB- Error 1919 -RRB- because tech support had me change things in the Registry Editor . I had to reload my XP operating system . Luckily I had extended tech support coverage from Dell or this could have cost me big bucks , but I did loose all the emails I had in Outlook since I could not get into Outlook to export the information out before reloading the operating system . And of course I lost countless hours backing things up , etc. . And the kicker was that Symantec/Norton tech support took no responsibility for what they had done . They blamed it on my computer , even though I had gone into Word while I was on the phone with their Tech Support , but could not access Word -LRB- and many other programs -RRB- after they `` helped '' me .
 Do n't buy software you pay good money for only to have it disabled ! If I had known this was going to be disabled prematurely , I would have never had bought it.After getting an error message that the subscription was invalid , I call support and was told the software subscription was up despite the fact that I still 4 + months left on the subscription renewal.All I asked for for was the entire year subscription I purchased 11/7/2005 and am able to use the product -LRB- System Works 2004 -RRB- until that time . I think that 's reasonable , legitimate and legal as there was no agreement that I would have purchased another product to have the registration time applied to the product.While the software I bought was SystemWorks , I do n't think the draconian software policy would differ across products.Now the product is disabled and EVERY service is disabled as well . That means , no virus scan , no disk doctor -- nothing .
 This software package simply does n't work . Even if you follow the instructions perfectly , it wo n't install correctly . Then , you 're left with a light wallet and a locked up computer . Not my idea of a performance improvement ! Now , I 'm left with a crippled computer hosting a Norton program that wo n't uninstall - customer service is a joke too . If you 're having performance issues , please please please , save your money and just buy a new computer .
 Do n't waste your money on this useless , overpriced product . It does not contain Norton Anti-Virus so just pay your $ 29.99 to Symantec to renew your 2005 subscription . When I opened the box and realized how utterly useless this product is , I returned it un-opened , only to be screwed out of $ 24.00 by Amazon for a `` restocking '' fee . Please , learn from my mistakes .
 I had always used Roxio GoBack without a problem . In 2006 I opted not to install Norton GoBack -LRB- who had purchased GoBack from Roxio -RRB- , but in 2007 I figured , `` What the heck , it 's Norton - it should be a good product . '' I installed it along with the Internet Security Suite . I have had nothing but major problems since . First , my system got a major virus . -LRB- I run a very clean computer - never open attchments , etc. -RRB- Spent hours on the phone with Norton -LRB- talking to India , of course -RRB- and they finally cleared it . A week later , I had to it all over again . A few weeks after that , my hard drive crashed - a major crash . Norton GoBack has locked my hard drive and I ca n't even get into it . Now I 'm spending literally hours on the phone with Gateway , praying they will find some way to get around Norton and get into the hard drive . It does n't look good . I may very well lose ALL my data . I 'm sick , and I will never buy a Norton product again . I do n't know what they 've done - but their product has gone straight to H *** . So far , I 've spent almost $ 600 trying to correct this problem and it 's still not fixed . Do n't buy this product!Dottie F.
 Even after I contacted Symantec -LRB- Norton SystemsWorks Manufacture , they were not aware that they had this product on the market without `` Norton 's Anti Virus as part of the product . BEWARE THAT THIS BASIC EDTION DOES NOT HAVE AN ANTI VIRUS INCLUDED WITH IT .
 The directions to this game are scanty
 I do n't understand the negative reviews of this product and to be quite honest I smell an agenda behind them . My son sat here and was completely taken by this program . The creativity that went into this project is so refreshing and everybody I 've shown it to feel 's this way as well . This type of learning is about intuition and creative interactive freedom . It does n't need a manual or directions since there is no winning involved . It makes you see the alphabet like a child again , full of excitement and mystery . I can also suggest trying to find the author 's other interactive program `` midnight play '' which is also full of visual and sonic beauty .
 I purchased this CD after reading several glowing reviews in parenting magazines . I bought this for my 3 year old , who is very skilled at the computer , letter recognition , etc. . I was very disappointed with the aspect that it is really nothing more than sitting and watching a lot of , albeit interesting , graphics about letters . I did n't think there was a whole lot of educational value in this software . I would n't recommend it for much educational value . Interesting artwork and colors , but if you 're looking for something with more learning value , look elsewhere .
 My child accidentally bought this by clicking on the button to buy automatically while she was in my lap . I could have returned it , but decided to save it until she was ready . Well I just opened the package and tried it . This program is awful ! Just like other reviewers , I could n't figure it out and did n't really want to because it was just nonsense . I had to write a review because it is sooo terrible , I do n't want anyone else to think their kids will learn anything from it . Do not waste your money .
 This was an extremely difficult game to get into . In other software geared towards 3-5 there is a helping guide during the process of the game to keep you on track . With this game you had to have the child search for the `` portal '' in the upper left corner of the screen to back out of a game . The sound was of poor quality as well.Overall , this game , while visually stimulating , did little to engage my 4 year old .
 Since I bought this game I 've seen it crash 9 times . I have never actually played it because it keeps crashing . I have uninstalled and reinstalled 3 times . Still no luck . I contacted their customer support by email and have received no reply . The last time I installed it , it caused my computer to continually crash without even starting the game .
 This software does not make any sense , there is not logic , it jumps from one thing to another , and definetly not for beginners , there is bunch of excercises thrown around but not any lesson or explanation . Additionally the software sometimes does n't even work properly , takes you again to some of the excercises you have already completed . I bought this course for my nanny , who is a real beginner and she is completly lost , I have to help her to complete the lessons . I am for sure going to return this software , and hopefully my comment prevent you from waisting your money .
 Got this saturday , a bunch of cd 's no written material to go with itVery big waste of money
 The manufacture indicates they have over 5 million satisfied users-but I 'm not one of them . I wonder if they count all who buy the software but do n't return it as satisfied , especially since they do n't allow returns ! It is certainly a way to get their numbers up ! BEWARE ! YOU CAN NOT RETURN THIS SOFTWARE IF YOU DON `` T LIKE IT ! This is expensive software but I read a review that rated this software very high , so I took a chance . BIG MISTAKE . I find the software virtually useless . Maybe it is more useful to a more advanced individual but for someone just beginning Spanish , like me , it was a complete waste of time and money . I learned more straight out of a $ 20 phrase book . The interface is extremely confusing and is a tremendous hindrance to finding whatever small utility the program may have . I wo n't say the program is poorly designed because to use the word `` design '' could imply someone gave it some thought ! The program is supposed to have three learning modes , but I could not figure out how to engage the different modes or if I did engage them , I could n't tell the difference . Additionally , the program suffers from a tremendous lack of logic and organization . Maybe others will find this software more useful than I , but be careful , there are NO RETURNS ! It did come with a set of headphones , but I suspect I could have gotten a much better set for the $ 195 I paid for these .
 I bought this based on the comments I seen here and I guess I shouldve listened to the few who didnt like it , because im one of them . First off , the flash interface is very slow . I spend more time looking at that little loading clock than anything else . Sometimes when it locks up and I close the program , it makes everything on my PC delayed . This only happens when the flash program in TMMS locks up . I started with the beginners CD , which is far from that . I have all 3 Pimsleur programs -LRB- great stuff -RRB- so I have a grasp on Spanish , and I still didnt know half the words in the beginners CD . And nothing actually teaches them to you . It throws words at you without telling you what they mean so you constantly have to hit the translate target symbol to check , and wait for it to load each time . How frustrating ! This is a terrible way to try and memorize anything . Next , it doesnt tell you whether you are right or wrong . You have to go back to the welcome page to see the % you got right of the whole lesson . So theres no way to tell which particular ones you got wrong in each lesson . I went into options and checked `` make sound for right/wrong answer '' but theres no sound for right/wrong so I dont yet know its use . In the dialogue mode it shows you a pic , asks a question , then you pick the answer . No matter what I pick it just highlights green and moves to the next question . Leaving you to scratch your head whether you got it right or not . To test it , one question was `` Do you have long hair ? '' and it shows a girl with very long hair . I answered `` No , my hair is very short . '' It highlights green and goes to the next question . What the ???? At least highlight in red or something , give me a clue here ! Then one section actually expects you to conjugate and write these words without even knowing what they mean and without any prior lessons on the different ways to spell them . The manual that comes with it is horrible , it only explains the install , which really needs no explaining because it was easy but I understand it needs to be in there , and the 3 modes of learning . Thats it . The in-program help is fairly nice , but once again , waiting for it to load and the slowness makes it something you dont care to use . My PC is far past the reccomended requirements to run this program and yet it runs like a turtle . This program teaches very little , if anything . I wish I had saved my money .
 In the description this product states `` good for up to 5 users '' - TRUE -- But only one user at a time . Guess that part was written in the tiny legalese stuff that nobody reads . So we had to buy additional licenses at $ 350 a pop - about the same price that we paid for the program . Felt like I got ripped off as I wanted to use in my office where 3 of us need to use it at the same time , like during normal business hours !!!!
 Great product but they make money upon billing you $ 250 + every year to continue use of their program ! What a joke !
 I think that this movie is very bad and I would never see it again . It does not have a meaning , it 's ridiculous.Eliza talks to animals . Wow
 Seller was helpful , but in the end I had to return for a full refund . Intuit does not allow registered software to be transfered to a new owner . : -LRB-
 Tried this under OS9 and Data Rescue under OSX to recover data on two firewire drives that developed a header problem . Data Rescue recovered far more data from both drives , but the hands down winner was Norton
 For me , Disk Warrior quickly went into a mode where the `` barber pole '' stopped moving and did n't resume its motion during two attempts at disk repair lasting over a total of 50 hours . The first attempt at repair ended when the computer screen would n't wake up after 5 - 10 minutes of mouse and keyboard activation ; the second attempt ended after more than 24 hours of running with the appearance of an on-screen message `` Press the power keep for several seconds to restart your computer . '' Norton Utilities is better at telling you if it ca n't make progress and in giving you an indication of how much progress it is making when it slows down , as when checking media .
 I purchased Disk Warrior for my iMac and had no sooner inserted the disk than my computer froze . I mean , froze so completely that I had to remove the disk with a paper clip and unplug the computer to begin a restart . I complained to Alsoft and was told to disconnect any peripherals that had not come with my Mac . I do n't have any peripherals of this description . I asked for my money back and was refused.Alsoft will not communicate further .
 I made the mistake of buying this software . Do n't do it if you are running the latest Mac OS called Tiger . It will just freeze and not work at all . I have an emac which all other software works just fine , except for this one ... Worst of the Worst
 Purchased product thru Amazon -LRB- great service -RRB- before a trip to Austin TX . Sent a support question to Tomtom , 3days later received a incomplete answer while on the trip . That night tried to get back to the hotel that was saved as a favorite . The route did not follow the recommendation of the local 's , but it should get us there right ? -LRB- could not get it to use MAJOR highways -RRB- . Well down the road we go and part way to the hotel in the middle of the road it stated we needed to turn left -LRB- IE there was NO road to turn on to -RRB- . Keeped going and it recalculated the route , next exit turn around go back the way we just traveled to the turn left with NO ROAD to turn on to -LRB- we are lost now late at night with most every thing closed -RRB- . Found a 24hr gas station and got direction which forced us to use a toll road ! Did not use Tomtom the rest of the trip . Have use the tomtom site for support with email replys , they MUST be `` outsourced '' as they do n't answer question or only one of severial and ca n't even answer simple question like how to MAKE the route go to a different way -LRB- found this on my own -LRB- not straight forward -RRB- , due to NO SUPPORT -RRB- . Last item is the POI fonts are to large and the screen does not scroll right/left to see all the word 's -LRB- NO answer from support again ! -RRB- Looking at Copilot for PDA 's -LRB- they will give you a credit other software -RRB- .
 This product simply does not work on either the Treo 700p or the Treo 700w , despite any claims that TomTom makes to the contrary . -LRB- The box lists both of these as supported models . -RRB- Let me preface my review by saying that I write software for Treo phones for a living , so I know these phones inside and out . However , that knowledge did not help me get this GPS to work.I was excited to receive this GPS as a Christmas gift . However , when I installed the software on my Treo 700p , the installer displayed a message that this was an incompatible device . The 700p is listed on the box as a supported device , so this did n't make any sense . I tried updating the ROM on my 700p to the latest 1.10 ROM that is available from Palm , and that did not help . I also downloaded an update for the TomTom software for the Treo 680 -LRB- available on Palm 's site -RRB- . That did not help either.After messing around with this and searching the web for 2-3 hours , I gave up and started over on my Treo 700w , which is also listed as supported on the box.This time , the software installed and looked like it was working except that it could n't detect the GPS . I followed the instructions very carefully for pairing the Bluetooth connection and setting up a COM port to communicate . -LRB- By the way , this process is ridiculously difficult for the average customer , but it is doable . -RRB- I tried several different COM ports and configuration options , and nothing worked . I was following word-for-word the instructions on TomTom 's website.I tried to contact TomTom at one point , but their website thwarted me . First , their website was ridiculously slow , taking up to 5 minutes to load each page . Next , you have to create an account to submit a support question . That seems like overkill , but I did so . Finally , once you find the support page -LRB- which is well-hidden -RRB- , if you type too much in your support question , you get an error message that tells you to press the Back button and update your question . When I pressed the back button , I was upset to find that it had lost everything I had written.At this point , I gave up , and I am asking the gift-giver to return this awful product for something that works.I have used TomTom stand-alone GPS units in the past and really liked them . But this experience has really soured me on the brand .
 Tomtom maps and application is not a reliable product that you can count on when you are traveling and do not have access to your PC and the disks . This is the second time that the application has stranded me and I am writing this review for others interested in purchasing this program not to get in a situation like I have , and Tomtom staff to read and fix the problem.I purchased a Tomtom with an HP PDA to travel through Europe -LRB- mostly Italy -RRB- . I installed the software and got an authentication code from the site they specified and started using the device . After about a month of use , and feeling confident that I did not need a paper map , we took a trip to Florence , following Tomtom 's direction . After about 20 minutes , the program froze . It would not even respond to a soft reset . I had to take the battery out to get windows CE up and running . After the operating system restarted , I started Tomtom program . It asked me for an activation code . Have in mind that I am in the middle of Italian countryside and not sitting in Silicon Valley . I had to call my office and they went to my office and found the original CD 's , went to the authentication site and got the activation code . I found this to be just unreasonably senseless . I appreciate copy right protection , but the people who thought of this scheme must not go out of the office much . I thought of writing a review but did not and latter forgot about it.I recently bought a cell phone/PDA that has a built in GPS . To avoid having a phone and GPS I tried installing the European map on this phone -LRB- it already had the US maps on it -RRB- . I went through the installation which took for ever and went to the website and got the activation code and tried entering it and it says that the activation code is not valid ! So , I call Tomtom support in UK from Germany . The first customer service person was very nice and gave me some advice on how to get an update . I followed the advice and it still did not work . I called the support line again , this time a Mr. Rick answered . This person needs to be assigned to a different department . He basically spent 30 minutes lecturing me on software copy protection . He then asked me to do a hard reset . I told him I did not know how to do the hard reset . He spent another 10 minutes telling me that he is not an HP specialist and that I need to contact HP for support . At this point , I realized that this person was not able to help resolve the problem and asked for escalation to a supervisor . Rick -LRB- customer service rep -RRB- said that the supervisor would not take my call because I did not do what he was telling me to do -LRB- which was not exactly true , because I asked him to help me with the reset and he would not -RRB- . I got off the phone and went to the HP site and downloaded the user 's manual and did a hard reset . This caused everything to be erased -LRB- including my addresses -RRB- , and Tomtom program to be deleted . And guess what , I call the customer service number again , and they did not know what to do . So , they asked for more time to research the problem and to call me . In about 4 hours not having heard from them , I called again , and this time they told me to download another program that would resolve the problem . I downloaded and it did not solve the problem . I got an email a couple of hours latter telling me to use the original SD card -LRB- which is back home -RRB- to resolve the problem.So , to make a long story short , this is not a reliable device and for anyone who has traveled in unknown places , it is a nightmare .
 Can seller tell me if this software could be download to Dopod cell phone -LRB- Model
 Can I give it negative stars?I actually have no idea how it works on my Palm Treo 680 , I was never able to get that far . I installed the software to my Windows XP desktop and it
 I 've been using this software for a number of years and love it.Via the PC `` TomTom Home '' program , TomTom will offer you an updated map to buy . Beware , this dates from 2007 . There are no newer maps available , nor will there be as TomTom have ceased all support for this version.There is no new version that will run on my HP IPAQ so I have to buy a new SatNav or put up with old maps.Thank you TomTom !
 OK I heard good things about this product , but when I got it , it was a different story . First the directions were in IKEA form , only pictures . You actually had to log onto Tom tom 's site and look the installation directions up . The next problem I ran into was installing it onto my Palm Treo 700p . I purchased the DVD version which saves to your phones memory card . The only problem with that is that tom tom does n't detect the memory card in the phone so you have to use an external card reader . I had to go and now purchase that also.Once I finally got everything installed onto my card , I reached the point where I had to install the maps I wanted onto my device from the DVD . The DVD only had maps of Western Europe , not of the US and Canada . I found this weird , so I checked both boxes and they all said Tom Tom Navigator 6 Software with Maps of the US and Canada -LRB- DVD -RRB- and Blue tooth GPS Receiver . My DVD which was located in this box in shrink wrap was labeled Maps of Western Europe . This was obviously the mix-up of tom tom 's packaging department . I called tom tom and explained the story , even though they packaged the unit , they somehow blamed it on Amazon and said I had to deal with them . I asked Tom tom if they could just send me the maps I needed and they said I would have to pay for them , which would be about $ 125 . If your not familiar with Tom tom , you can purchase new maps from there web site and they are uploaded to your personal tom tom home web site they do n't even need to send you a new DVD . Tom tom would n't even do this so I returned it to Amazon and currently looking for a better navigation system with better customer service . Something I thought about too , I have the Palm Treo , what happens if I upgrade my phone next year and this navigation device is n't compatible ? I would have to re buy another system . Because of this I would suggest buying a stand alone navigation system , just not from Tom Tom .
 While it is very cool having my palm centro act as a GPS map aid using a keychain bluetooth GPS receiver , I have to give this product the lowest rating for one major reason
 There are some major issues with this version of QB being setup on a server . Apparently , there 's something buggy in the proprietary software that was built into this new version . Intuit 's technical support was very little help . Luckily , we have a fabulous IT guy who figured it out for us . If you have QB on a server and can hold off on upgrading , wait until later in the year when the bugs are all worked out .
 I do n't have a problem with the software . It pretty much does what we need but reversing an error can be a nightmare . Before I start this tirade , I should point out that the customer service reps were very nice . But they do n't have the infrastructure to provide the most basic level of service -LRB- please , read on -RRB- . The customer support system for the payroll upgrade on this product is really scary . -LRB- 1 -RRB- They want to have access to your checking account to pay for the annual payroll subscription !! -LRB- 2 -RRB- They DO NOT SEND RECEIPTS !! I help with the books for a small non-profit and paid for the payroll subscription on my own credit card . The only receipt I could get was a copy of the invoice , which is not formatted to print correctly on an HP1200 -LRB- duh !! -RRB- . What is really disturbing is that these people are supposed to be accounting experts ! If you acquiesce to the checking account withdrawal , the only receipt you receive is the line item on your bank statement . Have they every heard of a `` paper trail '' . Well you sure wo n't get one if you purchase the payroll subscription for this product . I will start looking for an alternative to Intuit because they obviously do n't understand some basic accounting and auditing principles .
 I wanted more depth on the subject of music than what Britannica OR Encarta had to offer and therefore I wanted to buy a music encyclopedia . And I stumbled upon this on in a store and bought it . After I went home and inserted the CD into my computer , I realized it was a colossal waste of my money . It did n't even offer the depth that Encarta , despite being a generic encyclopedia , offered . Do n't waste your money on this one . I give a one star rating because Amazon does not allow you to give a zero star rating . I also consider that to be a waste of one star along with my money .
 The features are easy to use and very useful . It makes simple the creation of a seating chart and the tracking of grades . However , I write this warning to Mac users that the Test Creator , Lesson Planner , and Report Card Generator and the capability to link to rschool.com are not available to us . This is stated on the bottom of the box.The CD contains Teacher 's Toolbox 3.0 for those of us using Macs . I have sent my concerns to AbleSoft .
 I upgraded to 5.0 from the venerable 1.0 -- which I 've been using for years -- specifically for the web-based `` rSchool '' enhancements . Unfortunately , though there 's no warning of this anywhere in their documentation , rSchool is only for users in the US.Without rSchool , if you compare the features of the two versions , it 's hard to believe that they 're actually four version numbers apart . Not all that much has been added since 1.0 . I really wish I had saved my money . WHen I contacted their tech support people to see if they could accomodate me -LRB- really , all they need to do is change the rSchool registration so that it will accept Canadian provinces and Canadian postal codes -RRB- I was not only given no help and no offer of my money back -- I was n't even given an apology.Inasmuch as version 5.0 is almost identical to 1.0 -LRB- which I must admit was way ahead of its time -RRB- I must grudgingly admit that it 's a good product , but considering their misleading advertising , unhelpful customer service , lack of version-improvements , and lack of desire to equally serve all their customers -- well , you get my point.Maybe version six ...
 ... -LSB- With -RSB- the advent of ` rSchool ' we bought 5.0 . ... -LSB- It -RSB- is n't compatible with Macs - they sell version 5.0 with version three for us pathetic Mac users . To say the least , we are disappointed ... ! I would love to address this with the folks at Able-soft , but their website is down , and their listed phone number is out of service.Frankly , if they HAVE gone out of business , I think they probably earned it . Including a two-versions old product inside a shiny new box is bad business . They should have marketed version five as being specifically for PC 's ...
 This product has no help files , no tutorial , no user guide or any other kind of instruction . The company 's website and apparently their phone numbers are all out of service . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought the non-server version of this program late last year . I needed the billing entries to appear in chronological order on the invoice for my business , so I talked to company management about this feature before I bought it . They promised me that it would work this way , so I bought the product . But when I tried to use it to put together invoices using times downloaded from my other employees , the times were always out of chronological order . After months of talking with their technical support , I realized there was nothing they could do that would make the product work they had promised me it would . I 've since stopped using this product and switched to Bigtime . I have asked for my money back , which they wo n't give me because we 're out of the 30-day warranty . They lied to me about their product features and now I 'm stuck with paying for their shoddy product.Bigtime is a much better product and much easier to use . Their technical support and general knowledge of their own product is far superior .
 This version of 3D Home Architect will not work on Vista 64 . I tried to contact the supplier but he had no listed phone number . I sent a letter and received no response . I called Broderland 's answering machine which told me to call someone else . The price was indeed too good to be true .
 Long time user of Intuit Quick Books software but beware of them.When you ask for support they would connect you with a guy in India who besides stealing and American of a job do n't know nothing and you will not understand a word of what he is saying.If you buy an older version , which are sufficient for any normal , small or regular business this company will reject you when you ask for support.Tip of the Iceberg Reason
 We are a small business and purchased 4 licenses . I was aware that Customer Manager was n't a true multi-user application like QuickBooks , but I never imagined it could be so time consuming and virtually impossible to get the data synced correctly with QuickBooks.We wanted to use Customer manager to track conversations etc. with our regular customers in addition to keep leads -LRB- prospective customers -RRB- . Instead of simplifying customer management , it created more of a headache because we managed to create multiple records while trying to sync with Quick Books . It 's at the point where we have invested so much time trying to clean up records , etc. . I 'm not sure if we want to dump it entirely . However , hopefully I can convince others to save their time and their money.Don ' t buy this product.Intuit -- Are you just trying to sell an add on ? Come on . This is terrible . The features that people are looking for when they consider purchasing Customer Manager should be included in QuickBooks . We know you can make a quality product . Customer Manager is terrible .
 This can be a good product for a small company - when and if you can start it!The major problem is that it is very often very difficult to start . The program takes forever to start and usually freezes.Checking on the QB Forum , it seems that I am not alone . Intuit does n't seem to answer the ` why ` question either.Since I am using a standard machine , one year old , with a lot of memory , I will say that it is time to use the remove button , eat the loss and buy something else .
 This product is a waste of time and money . BEWARE . We used this database for years with several issues but were nervous to change since we had over 1500 customers input into it . However , now it is not working AT ALL . Thousands of hours of work are gone . This system is completely out of date . I would NEVER recommend this product to anyone . I will be looking now for a new database system .
 After installing my QB for Mac , it began asking for me to register . To do this you must call Intuit 's customer service line to obtain your registration # . When I called , the service reps spoke very bad English and were barely understandable . They gave me a registration # that did n't work , then tried to sell me tech support for a mere $ 39.00 a month . When I asked to speak to a manager I was left on hold twice for nearly an hour . They then told me to call a tech support # which was a recording and totally useless . The software does not come w/instructions so this forces you to buy a manual or purchase their tech support . What a fleecing of the customer this is . Absolutely non-existent customer service or help of any kind . I would highly recommend purchasing another small business software as Intuit is misleading for customers at $ 200 + for the disc . BUYER BEWARE !!!!
 Bought the product , installed the product , the program will not load . Called customer service , they said they do n't know what 's wrong , but would research the problem and call me back . That was two weeks ago . NO word from them . The product may work fine in most computers , but their customer service is not .
 I spent several years with the predecessor to this program only to have my database totally corrupted with no fix . Even when it works , it is painfully slow and crashes frequently . I tried the new version since I now have Vista . It is no better . Although it promises to work with Outlook , it apparently does n't work with Microsoft Outlook Exchange . Every time I try to sync it just crashes . There is no customer support unless you are willing to pay their ridiculous prices . I 've got seven years of data in there but I am ready to abandon it and re-enter the data in another program . Stay away . Intuit should be ashamed of themselves .
 I love intuit products , but I was extremly disapointed in this product . The only reason I didnt return this product is because it syncs with my quickbooks .
 Intuit should hold a seminar on How-to-Irritate-Thousands-of-Loyal-Customers . On the virtues of Quickbooks , they lured thousands of us customers over to their Customer Manager program . It was a decent little program that they were slow to support at first . They upgraded it a couple times and got it working well . Then , just when we had thousands of customer records and projects entered into the program they dumped it altogether . Ok . That is their privilege.But , what they DID N'T DO WAS PROVIDE AN EXPORT FEATURE IN THE SOFTWARE SO A PERSON COULD GET ALL THEIR INFORMATION OUT OF THE EXTINCT SOFTWARE PROGRAM !!!!!! Can you believe that?Get people into your software , wait a couple years until they have lots of information entered into it then announce that you are dropping the program altogether . And , provide no way for a business to get all their information exported into a . CSV file or even Excel . Trapped.I ca n't believe they would be this stupid and arrogant but that is precisely what happened with this software . Call the company and tell your story to 5 different people including the cleaning lady and all you get is `` I 'm sorry . '' You sure are . Intuit is a sorry mess . I say this as a 15 + year loyal customer of Quickbooks . They really screwed up on this one.Buy something else , friends . Something with a future .
 I have used , or should say TRIED to use , this product though version 1.x , 2.x and now 2.5 . When it works it is very useful . My trial of version 2.5 went very well so I purchased the upgrade . The day my purchased version was on the UPS truck I moved the balance of my customer data into the trial version . I went to look at the `` Names '' tab and had a big red `` X '' across the screen . Several calls to tech support later I found that the computer screen font resolution - actually the `` DPI '' setting ** MUST ** be 96 DPI or the software will corrupt the database . I have a high end notebook with a screen resolution of 1680x1050 and my DPI setting was set to 120 so the fonts and icons were more readable . I have about 60 programs running on the same computer that run fine at 120 DPI and there is NO REASON WHY I SHOULD HAVE TO CHANGE IT TO FIT THE SOFTWARE.The result >> The database I had been loading and working with for about 25 days AND the balance of it I had just put it were trashed ! It took me over 6 hours to reload , resysnc and cleanup the data in Outlook , QuickBooks and Customer Manager . Even after that Customer Manager stills trys to push what it thinks is customer info that it got from Outlook into QuickBooks - even though there is nothing in the records that would indicate it is customer data -LRB- no groups or categories even remotely flagged as `` customer '' . -RRB- One thing that should make you suspicious is that when you call QuickBooks tech support option >> > # 1 < < < is for Customer manager support!So ... If you can get this SW to work for you it can be quite useful - even with all the * & % ^ above I am going to try it one last time . Its amazing how a company who makes such good accounting software can still be putting out this SW with so many quirks in it.Beware and Be careful if you use this software !
 I am in amazement that anyone could write a review AT ALL with anything positive to say about this product.It MIGHT be decent software if you never try to synchronize it with QBooks or Outlook . But , that is what I needed , that is what they advertise , so I bought it . What a horrifying experience . If you look on-line -LRB- do a search for slow customer manager -RRB- you will see that there is no real fix . People with gigantic , powerful computers are brought to their knees with the slowness of this memory and processing hog . Try to drag and drop a piece of data , or attach an email to a customer 's file , and you might as well go make coffee . Actually , you have enough time to fly to Brazil to pick your own beans.Intuit support is only going to tell you that it is one of the `` other files '' that is corrupt , like your QuickBooks file - OH , do n't have support on THAT product , well , you need to pay for this phone call . Never mind that the only program on your computer that does n't work is Customer Manager . It hoses up EVERYTHING.Intuit should be ashamed of this product and to be sure , as so many have said before me , it should be integrated into QuickBooks as a one piece solution.By the way , the functionality of project tracking and linking data , emails and appointments , employees to their companies -LRB- contact association -RRB- , & things of that sort are almost acceptable but the two huge problems are slowness , -LRB- beyond belief -RRB- and data transfers . Linking and finding data fields are n't even compatable with Quickbooks meaning , type in an address in QB and you wo n't be able to find it in QBCM , you 'll have to type it again.Do yourself a favor , use paper and pencil , it is faster and more efficient that QBCM . STAY AWAY!I am editing to say , I am no computer idiot ... I bought the software and spent 2 months trying to make it run right . It works with their stupid little sample database but when you sync a perfect QB database to it , and a perfect Outlook DB to it , adios amigo , you just bought a nightmare that simply WILL NOT END until you toss this in the trash.I sent mine back to Intuit -LRB- after speaking to `` tech support '' -RRB- for a refund . I am sorry I wasted so much time . If you are serious , this software IS N'T .
 This product might have received a better review if I could have gottenpast the online registration screen.I could n't , because it only supports one monitor resolution -LRB- 96 DPI -RRB- , which does n't match my monitor capability . Intuit is aware of this bug , but has no fix for it.In my 20-odd years of doing software technical support , we had a name for this type of bug , and it was `` showstopper '' . Reputable companies fixed these bugs before releasing product to customers.It 's interesting to note that Quickbooks itself does n't suffer from this problem , indicating that Intuit knows how to support multiple resolutions , but , for some reason refuses to do it in Customer Manager.Update ---------- Intuit has refunded the purchase price of this product . If and when they fix this bug , we 'll consider applying the refund toward the updated version .
 We received this and even reading the box it was not clear if it really supported networking . We called Intuit , finally , before installing -LRB- Intuit wo n't accept a return once their products are installed - you ca n't ` give back ' the license as you can with adobe software , so no one else can ever license it either , but that 's a separate annoyance -RRB- . To our shock there is no way to share data files on a network . This makes the product useless in our case , or by anyone with more than one user . We returned it unopened for a refund . Intuit did make some vague statement that they were working on a better version . We hope so ... as is , it 's not ready for us to use .
 Perhaps for a single user environment this may be good enough software . However , as soon as you add more users the synchronization process is awful . First you need to synchronize with Quickbooks , and then synchronize with the `` depot '' -LRB- i.e. other Customer Manager users -RRB- . Many times data is garbled or duplicated during the synchronization process . We spend sometimes hours cleaning up the garbled/duplicated data . Why would n't Intuit integrate the Customer Manager program completely into Quickbooks and make it a truly multi-user program?Another annoying problem
 I bought 2 copies of Customer Manager for my office . It worked pretty well at first until you sync it . It messes up Quickbooks . Contacts had their own Quickbooks customer accounts . In so many words , double entry . Made tracking very difficult . It also screwed up Outlook when it was syncing with that too . I ca n't even uninstall it now . Save your money and just use the notes feature in Quickbooks to work on .
 I have used this upgrade for about four months now . The biggest piece of junk ever . I had 2.0 and had problems . The customer service person talked me into upgrading to 2.5 . Now my databases in both Quickbooks and customer manager are all messed up . They combine random people together or totally change a group of customers to list them by first name . How great when you have 25 Johns , etc. . I use the calender for contacting customers when they are due for service . It has messed this up so bad that I am constantly missing names on my list and it tells me a customer is due for service when it is n't . At least with 2.0 it kept things more organized . I wish I would have stuck with that , and it was bad enough . It just gets worse with time .
 I used GoToMyPC for about six months , but recently discovered LogMein . It does essentially the same thing , it 's just faster , more similar to being at the PC and free . They have a Pro version for file transfers , but I find that I can just email myself a file . I 've also looked at mywebexpc , but could n't get it to work . Definitely try LogMein Free before you pay for GoToMyPC .
 GoToMyPC does have a fairly good service , but for most people it 's really not worth the money.GoToMyPC has a strong point in its interface and ease of use . It 's a bit complicated to set up and use the first time , but after that it 's fairly easy.My main reason for the low review score is the price
 This program was extremely hard to use and my system keep crashing . I tried to get help and was n't able to get the tech guys to figure out what was wrong . I suggest you spend your money on something else.Extremely frustrated .
 I got my DVD a few weeks back and discovered I could not read any of the files form the 1990s . I tried on several computers I have in the house and came to realize that the DVD is defective . I contacted Gitcorp about the problem and they informed me they would send me a replacement disc.Problem is that after nearly four weeks there has n't been any DVD and repeated attempts to contact Gitcorp has resulted in no reponses.Update , after continued emails to Gitcorp , I finally got a replacment DVD . They did n't even ask to see the original bad DVD . So my rating of this product would go up if I could . If you buy the product , check it closely , and get in touch with Gitcorp as soon as you find any problems . They can be very slow about responding .
 I 'm having the same issues as the reviewer above - my computer only sees the 1960 's folder . I have all the Gitcorp releases and this is the first one I 've had any problems with . Very disheartening . Customer service has NOT been any help whatsoever . I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT UNTIL THE TECHNICAL ISSUES ARE ADDRESSED BY THE MANUFACTURER . -LRB- The 1960 's folder IS , of course , wonderful . -RRB-
 Talk about price mark-up ! Why are the X-men , Fantastic Four/Silver Surfer , and Spiderman DVD-Roms going for almost $ 150 cheaper . If anyone has actually layed down this much coin for the Avengers DVD-ROM I want to know !
 The Hairstyler Studio was a big disappointment . It was nice to put my picture in it , but the items was like playing with a paper doll . The items were not realistic and the options were poor , in that it was not giving me many selections , and the hair was like playing with plastic or putty dos . I was hoping for soft realistic hair and more of them . I tried to adjust the selections to short or medium hair dos and the software would not do the task as it suggested . The concept was a good idea , but the reality it gave was poor .
 What can I say . Save your money . There are better ways to get this map . I would say just average at least for me . This map is the same as the none topo version of the city navigator except it is supposed to have topo info on it which it does but just average at that . Garmin has been eating to much big dog cat food . It has gotten too fat off it 's customers .
 I ordered this map , assuming it was based on 24k USGS maps . When it arrived , I noticed that in the lower corner of the package it said 100k . This means than one inch of the map is equal to 100,000 inches -LRB- 1.57 miles -RRB- . This compares to one inch of the 24k map being 0.37 miles . When you consider that the map is in 2 dimensions , this means that the 100k map has about 1/16th as much detail as the 24k map . When you are using a map for hiking , small scale is very important.The 24k map is available on Amazon.com at the time of this review -LRB- 12/2009 -RRB- and is only about $ 10 more.Garmin Topo U.S. 24k Mountain North - Idaho-Montana-Wyoming
 names of paths and some roads had changed . This map looks 30yrs out of date . Used map with Garmin 400c and find the points are 500-600 feet off.Save your money .
 When I was moving to my new computer , I suddenly discovered that Cleaner 5 no longer worked . It would n't encode Windows Media files anymore . I tested the program on other people 's computer to confirm the problem . So , I had no choice but to upgrade to Cleaner XL . I was horrified at how complicated the program was.So , after a night of learning how to use it , I was once again horrified by how much of a downgrade it was . I wo n't go into all the gory details but I can tell you that my Real Player files do n't even work on many people 's computers and I 'm pretty sure that Mac users ca n't even view the Real files this program creates.Now I find myself having to go back and use Cleaner 5 for Real files since Cleaner XL does n't work AND using Cleaner XL for my Windows Media files since Cleaner 5 does n't work right . What a waste of money . Also , do n't ask me why , but Cleaner XL actually takes away many of the useful controls found in Cleaner 5 . If Cleaner 5 still works for you , hang on and do n't let go until they come out with a more worthy version !
 The above rating is inaccurate since I am unable to play this game . Did n't realize it was only for Windows 95 and 98 .
 My dad got this for me because i like to learn languages . It was misleading for me what is says on the package `` each disc a complete course '' . It is useful for you if you want to learn basic things like phrases for traveling but NOT if you REALLY want to learn the language . If want to learn basic travel things this WILL be for you . But if you want to REALLY Learn the language you better get the Instant Immersion Laguage course devoted to one language.From PaulFlorida
 I was expecting a lot more from these two CD 's . It teaches you a few items of food , basic words like `` Hello '' , Please '' and `` airplane '' and even teaches you to ask `` Where are the suitcases '' ... but then that is about it . I was really hoping for more ... much more .
 Have a MacPro running Lion OS and the SuperDuper software would not load . In fact , we tried 3x to install and while initializing it would crash . We downloaded a fresh copy from the originator 's site and it also crashed . Ended up downloading a free 30-day trial piece of software from somewhere else which worked fine with our new drive.Do not recommend SuperDuper .
 The installation is full of bugs . It partially installs but then you ca n't run the program . Tried it on Windows 7 , Vista and XP with negative results . Removing the bad installation is a nightmare and the support for Resume Maker products is horrible . I ca n't believe I wasted money on this garbage . If I could rate it a zero I would .
 This game is not compatible with Windows XP as stated . When installing , error message appears stating that it is not compatible with Windows XP .
 I now have two copies of this game that do not work with XP . Thought new version was created and neglected to read prior feedback . My Mistake , I guess . Should be able to return for full refund .
 I purchased this with very little information about which version it was and I took a chance it was later than the one I already owned . BAD DECISION ! I already have 2nd Edition and wanted one more updated and this one did not have anything identifying which edition it was . It is pretty much the same as the 2nd Edition . Same questions/answers . There should be more information relating to the game and which version it is.Unfortunately , it can not be returned once opened and there was no way to tell before opening it .
 This game will not work on Windows 7 , according to Beuna Vista Games . They have an update for XP , but none for 7 .
 Virtual PC is not supported by the G5 's . If you want to run dual operating systems , do not buy this product or the G5 !
 This product offers much to chose from and I really liked the photos . However , I have yet to get this program to work right . I am able to view the photos but when I go into the the Export Wizard to save the photos , the photo has a transparency over the top of it , instead of in the background . I tried bypassing the Export Wizard by right clicking on the selected photo and saving . This also inserts the transparency over the photo . I called Hemera in Canada and they instructed me to call Encore USA in CA for support . Encore USA said they could n't help me . Encore 's technical support is `` limited to crashes , error messages and lockups '' . I also referred to their website hoping to find help in the knowledge base or FAQ 's . There was VERY little about this software and no help to be found . I wasted my money on a product I ca n't use and that offers no support for issues out of my control .
 In an effort to boost their file numbers and appear to be more comprehensive , the creators included many VERY low resolution images that they `` artsied '' or `` roughed '' up with a dirty polaroid-transfer effect , or split up into 5 small stagger-stacked slides , which they must have hoped would excuse the poor quality of the original image.For example , if you do a search for `` tiger '' , you will get 165 results , but only 86 will be of the animal , -LRB- and not one of 20 images of 10 toy tigers , or 5 images of one tiger-striped chair-cushion and so on -RRB- , and of those 86 , 80 have the crusty effect applied to them . The other 6 tigers have been taken out of those same 80 images and clipped out of their background to give you a floating tiger on a clump of grass or a tiger head -LRB- but have , thankfully , not been `` dirtied '' up with the transfer effect -RRB- . Out of all , there is NOT ONE clean image of a tiger in its environment.Here is another example . A search for `` sunset '' yields 247 results . Of these , 163 have the crusty polaroid transfer effect applied , and 70 are the same images duplicated -LRB- much smaller -RRB- in a sloppy stack of 5 slides . There are TWO clean sunset images.These are typical results . Numbers do n't mean anything ! This product is stuffed with multiple images of toys , frankly not-so-attractive people from hard angles , and old low-resolution stock photos to achieve 150,000 files . Would it have killed them to include ONE clean , print-resolution image in each category ? Perhaps we could have done without 50 of the fake slide images -LRB- talk about dated anyway ! -RRB- in order to get a product worth having around .
 This product is very nice when it works . However , I 'm having the same problem as the reviewer below me . When I attempt to export the image - either by saving , draging or copying , Hemera places a transparency over the object , making the product worthless.I gave it two stars because , for the two months it worked , it worked well , however , now , it wo n't work at all . And as the other reviewer stated , support is nearly non-existant .
 First of all , the many samples I viewed in browsing this software are the same object just turned different angles . There are far fewer images than the number touted . This is a scam in my opinion , but a situation I could live with.But The major issue is that most of the photo images I have searched for my actual use have very poor , actually totally unusable resolution . They have corrupted clarity , Poor pixel quality , are distorted , and unsuitable except for perhaps , a third grader 's school project.It was a complete waste of money . It is headed for the first garage sale I hold , and I will offer it for 50 cents with a non-return policy .
 Do n't buy this product if you are looking for professional photographic results . Many of the objects are repeated and the photographs are not usable . I use it to produce pictures for preschoolers . They do n't mine out of focus pictures . I do regret buying this product .
 Not worth the money ... Poor quality graphics , some looked chopped on the edges ...
 First let me tell you my operating system : iMac G4 800 Mhz with 512 Mb RamIn Short : Pros :1 - It is cool to have a windows operating system on your mac , and run windows applications on it .2 - multi operating systems3 - more stable than an actual PCCONS :1 - EXTREEEEEEMLY Slow .2 - LIMITATIONS
 Virtual PC is not supported by the G5 's . If you want to run dual operating systems , do not buy this product or the G5 !
 Be prepared to spend a lot of time getting this going . To begin with , the product I received was not the product advertised as far as packaging was concerned . No Windows O/S was included , so I had to scrounge around and find a copy of XP , and install twice before I could get one to work . I had to learn to ignore various error messages until all updates were installed and then finally -LRB- many hours later -RRB- it all worked . But hey , I knew going in that it would take some doing to get XP to run on a PPC G4 , and did n't have to spend much in the $ $ category . It remains a but surreal to see an XP desktop on top of Tiger 10.4.9 .
 VPC installed just fine , but it was absolutely impossible to install either Windows 98 or 2000 even though system met all requirements .
 The Virtual PC is not supported by the new G5 's . Do not buy this software or the G5 if you want to operate dual operating systems . They have no information as to when or if it will be supported
 This is absolutely the most aggravating program I 've ever used in my life . I have to use it for only one program that I have , an online postage program , which does n't exist in the Mac world.I run a 1ghz flat panel Imac , a fairly speedy Mac . But running a Windows program in Virtual PC , it runs like a 100Mhz pc ... it 's pitiful . But , the only option for some Mac users that need to run Windows applications.Virtual Pc is a necessary evil , and I 'm glad it exists ... but geez , some work needs to be done on it .
 When I first started up Virtual PC with Windows XP/Professional -LSB- aka VPC+XP / P -RSB- on a 1.2 GHz Apple iBook G4 with 320 Mb RAM dedicated to VPC I thought that it had locked up -- but Windows XP was just very very very very slow coming up . The box says 20 % faster but I ca n't even imagine what it must have been like on the minimum recommended processor . Pull-down menus sometimes take a couple of minutes to respond . VPC+XP / P may work OK on a Mac 2.5 GHz desktop with a 333 MHz bus , but it sure is NOT appropriate on an Apple iBook with only 133 MHz . Updating XP with REQUIRED security updates from Microsoft took well over 2 hours to install . After the software was updated with the required updates , the capability to view VPC as a drive on the OS X side stopped working completely and has never returned . The iBook 's CD/DVD Superdrive only provides read-only capability to Windows XP . Also , I could n't get my Visor Platinum to sync with the Palm desktop for XP software through either of the iBook 's USB ports . Quite frankly , VPC+XP / P is just NOT worth the frustration one experiences running it on an Apple iBook . Perhaps when Microsoft finishes the new version for the G5 processor and dual processors are used on a 3 GHz desktop , then and only then , will there be a possibility that this software might be reasonably responsive . In the meantime I would recommend instead buying an inexpensive non-Mac laptop or desktop PC if one absolutely must run Windows-only software . It 'll be less painful that way .
 Advertised 25 % faster . . OMG ! If it was any slower it would be stopped . I made a mistake with my G4 1 gig Powerbook of installing just 128 megs of ram on my first install due to I only had 512 megs of physical ram . Not even worth running . . even Solitaire runs like a dog . So I upped my laptop to a full gig & made 512 ram available to my next XP install thinking `` problem solved '' . No difference , No exaggeration . . slow slow slow.To be honest , if it ran at a good or even acceptable level . . it would be really nice . It is very easy to configure , the support is great
 Installing VPC on a 1.25 ghz Mac took me back to the days of the original Mac . No , not because of its easy-to-use elegance , but because VPC with XP Pro is slower than a Mac One with only a floppy drive . I allocated 352 mb ram and 16 mb vram , and to say that it `` ran '' would be to insult the concept . It crawled , it oozed , it petrified ... I used the Windows version of Explorer on my broadband , and it took minutes to load a page that OS X loads in 3 seconds . In fact , no page fully loaded as no graphic ever appeared no matter how long I waited . Microsoft is supposed to deliver an update in 2004 . As always , the magazines will give it reasonably good reviews , but unless you get it `` free '' with the Office `` update '' you should wait to read the Amazon reviews .
 I 'm running a Mac powerbook G4 with 1 gig of ram . At work , I 'm on a PC network where we only use two programs -- outlook for messaging , and ACT where we keep our database . Everyday I would experience fatal errors and lockups in addition to it just being slow . Mistakenly , I assumed that if I brought the ram up to 2 gigs , i could allocate 1 gig to virtual pc . WRONG ! Microsoft says Virtual PC does n't allow you to allocate any more than 512K . What a piece of S.
 The only thing I can say with regards of virtual pc is that the feeling of using it is no different than having $ 1,000,000.00 the other side of a window and not being able to open the window to get to it ! Yes , it 's that frustrating !
 As a PC-to-Mac OS X switcher , I bought Virtual PC with XP Home so that I could continue to run some of my favorite Windows software
 The Virtual PC Program is a good Program but not with Windows XP please note that I tried it with Virtual PC 6.0 at the time . I had to order an other verson Virtual PC 6.1 but this time I tried it with windows 2000 works alot better then the Windows Xp did . Runs fine with with MAC OS X .
 Ran the Windows XP nicely but was unable to connect to the internet from the Windows environment which was the whole reason that I bought this program.Tried everything on the support site on the internet.Spent over 3 hrs on hold and talking to people at Microsoft . As far as I can tell there is no one at Microsoft who provides virtual PC support . Whenever I was told that I was being connected to that `` group '' I was on hold until a nice person came on to tell me that everyone had gone home.so for me this was total waste of money .
 ZERO STARS . MICROSOFT ONCE AGAIN PROVES THEY ARE INEPT AND LAME . After a fair amount of research and thinking finally I would n't need to worry about compatibility issues -LRB- after all , I was going PC -RRB- I open the box -LRB- read
 Virtual PC in not supported by the G5 . If you want to run dual operating systems , do not buy this product or the G5 !
 This was a total waste . Says it works with Mac Os X and higher not true . Does not work with leopard . Tried to use it through Windows on my Mac and still did n't work well . Could n't return it without fees .
 Yet another buggy and less-than-average program by Roxio.This version fixes a few of the many flaws in the last version but nowhere near enough to justify using this product over MS Digital Image , Adobe Photoshop Elements , JASC PaintShop , etc. I wish that I had never purchased this product . DO NOT use the one-touch photo doctor ! It oversharpens your photos and they come out looking very poor !
 With the pricepoint and the $ 20 rebate in December and havinga gift certificate that I got for free , I bought this item in hopes it 'd be a major upgrade over a way way -LRB- 1999 -RRB- older version of PhotoSuite . This software is OK , has a bunch of cool templates and project ideas , but that 's about it . It also takes way too long to instantly load . Not a horrible software program -- especially if you get a $ 20 rebate -- but nothing to be very excited about either .
 I was a big fan , starting with MGI PhotoSuite 3 , then very happy with version 4 . I got version 5 , the first one released under Roxio , and it basically had only cosmetic differences from 4 . I assumed version 7 would be a nice upgrade , and there was a $ 15 rebate off the $ 29.99 price , so I bought it . What a horrible mistake ! PS 7 Platinum takes forever to install -LRB- ~ 30 minutes ! -RRB- , as if the CD is defective or something . Then , the install says you have to reboot ; my Win XP refused to boot again . I had to recovery back . I tried again ; again it corrupted the registry . Roxio tech support is unresponsive . So it is basically unusable software . I guess this is one way Roxio can try and force PS users to upgrade to Easy Media Creator . My advice is DO NOT upgrade to 7 if you are an existing PS4 or 5 user . If you do n't already have PS , and want a low-end , easy to use photo editing tool , get PS version 4 or 5 as copies of these versions are still available dirt cheap from software liquidator sites -LRB- just do a Google on PhotoSuite to find them -RRB- .
 I believe the PS 5 isa better prodouct than the 7 . This version is very cumberson . I got a deal on the Upgrade -LRB- ? -RRB- . Had some issues with it , then when I wrote to Tech Support I got back a form e-mail saying thatthey had wrked out all their issues , refered me to a automatic trouble shooter.Did not even cover my area.Now I ca n't reinstall the PS5 . Suggest you keep looking around .
 The software is not that great . I also had a mail in rebate for this software -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- - The request was recieved on December 12 and I am yet to recieve the rebate . I have bought stuff much later and have got the mail in rebates for those submitted 2 months later . Do not buy any products from Roxio . They suck .
 I , like some of the other reviews , also loved my photosuite 5 , but one day it just stopped working on my computer . Instead of trying to fix that version , I thought I 'd just upgrade , to get some new features . WORST MISTAKE EVER . 7 Platinum is by far the most cumbersome photo editing program that I have ever used . Ease of use is at about a 0 , and even when you figure it out , it makes you want to pull out your hair . Save yourself the money , this program is awful .
 This is without a doubt , the worst purchase I 've ever made . Since I was only going to say what everyone else has said , I 'll cut right to the chase ... DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT !!! Spend your money on something else ... even if it 's bellybutton lint ... it would still be worth more than this product . Customer service is nonexistent and the software is full of bugs . I would actually pay more for a product if I know it works and customer service is accessible . This is the second time I 've had a problem with a Roxio product , and you can be sure I 'll never buy from them again !!!
 I lost my Platinum 5 disc and could not find another anywhere , so I ordered 7 . I was just short of sending it back , but decided to print the manual . It 's much more complicated to work than 5 was , and that was very disappointing .
 Please DO NOT buy this product for your child . The software was written for Windows 98/ME in 2000 and has had only minimal updating since then . It relies on QuickTime v4 . If you have installed any other more recent version of QT on your machine - for example to run the latest ITunes you will be using V7 .1 then the installation will fail . By removing your QT installation and allowing TLC to install QT v4 you can get the software installed , but it will then fail on execution with a quicktime initialization error.I am extremely disappointed with this software as it is unusable on a modern XP machine . I tried looking at The Learning Company website . They have a troubleshooting area but none of the information was helpful in trying to resolve our problem . We also discovered from the website that despite selling this as a `` 2007 '' product , it is no longer supported by email or telephone support . All the documentation such as the readme file are dated 2000 . My retailer will not give me a refund as the software has been opened , and yet I ca n't get any further support from the manufacturer . The box claims to have a `` satisfaction guarantee '' but provides no further details.I will not be buying any further software products from The Learning Company and I would urge other parents to stay away from this product to avoid my disappointing experience .
 I 'm an advanced computer user , but this software brought me to my knees . I finally gave up trying to install it on my XP system . It is not supported by The Learning Company , and their help sections for the package are useless . Waste of time , waste of money .
 None of the three disks in this package work . One works , but upside down ! The other wo n't install . I 've tried contacting customer service , but ca n't get any help or a refund . Avoid , avoid , avoid .
 Even though the box says 2007 - the SW is dated 2000 ! version 1.0 . The SW is simply not compatible with a modern computer . It just does n't seem right that `` The Learning Company '' A.K.A Encore , Riverdeep , and Broderbund could repackage a bunch of old CDs and sell them as new.In order to install the SW I had to unistall Quick time 7.1 - which is used with Itunes . The installation process then installed version 2.1 and updates it with version 4 . Once the SW is installed and I try to run it , I get a blank screen followed by a Windows error message . I followed the `` help '' links around several sites ; The Learning Company , Encore , Riverdeep , and Broderbund . At the Broaderbund site they described a process for using older window compatibility modes - I tried several with the same out come ... Blank screen , Windows error message.If anyone learns how to get their money back - I would be most interested as this is just not right .
 I 'd give this zero stars if it were possible . I had this software for my 11 year old daughter when she was 4 and it worked fine back then . Unfortunately we just grabbed a copy at Target without coming here first , and it does n't work . It wants to run in 256 color mode and you can compensate for this in XP , but c'mon people , UPDATE YOUR SOFTWARE and quit selling this JUNK!AVOID THIS SOFTWARE !!!
 As noted above , simply does not work . I will think very carefully -LRB- and check sites like this for reviews -RRB- before buying any software from `` The Learning Company '' again .
 I bought this software for my son . I 've spent over 2 hours installing/uninstalling the software trying to get it to work . The software uses an old version of Quick Time dating back several years . So , any recent version of Quick Time renders the installation useless . I even uninstalled QT , but that did n't work either . I 'm going to try to contact the customer service , but I am guessing that I 'm out the money unless the vendor takes back the disk -LRB- which they should , but I 'm not holding my breath -RRB- .
 Do not buy this product if -LRB- as we have disappointingly discovered -RRB- your APPLE Mac runs OSX with an intel processor.This product only runs on an APPLE if you can use the `` classic '' operating system . Unfortunately , all APPLE Macs produced in 2007 using the OSX operating system with Intel processors do not allow the use of the `` classic '' operating system mode -- even as an application add-on . So the purchase of this programme was a waste for us .
 Does not work in Windows XP.Freezes up on the first attempt to play the game.Me and my Kids where disapointed.if there was a zero rating thats what it would get .
 I bought this for my daughter this Christmas . She was excited to use it but it brought nothing but frustration . She used the preschool version years ago and loved it so I thought this would be great . Was I Wrong !!! The directions are confusing and unclear . The pets playground does n't even work . It crashes my computer every time we try it . The fundamentals disc did n't let her pick the character she wanted , it kept defaulting back to another character and maneuvering through the program was extremely confusing and very user UNFRIENDLY !! Not what you want from a childs program . How can a 6 or 7 year old figure this out if her 40 year old mother ca n't understand it ! This product is poorly manufactured , I am extremely disappointed and I wo n't be buying from this company again .
 You should only get this if you have a PC . They advertise that the 4th disk -LRB- Pet Playground -RRB- is PC only , which is fine . But the 3rd CD -LRB- Mystery Club Vol . 1 -RRB- while saying Windows/Macintosh on it has nothing but PC . exe and . dll files -- nothing I can use on my Mac.The first CD -LRB- Fundamentals -RRB- works on my Intel Mac in OS X native mode -LRB- OS X 10.5 -RRB- . It crashes on my PPC PowerBook G3 . The second CD -LRB- Field Trip Adventure -RRB- is Classic only . It wo n't run on my Intel system , but is OK on my PPC.My reaction to this -LRB- without running the programs -RRB- is that they are just throwing a bunch of stuff together . Here 's a CD we made back in the OS 9 days , here 's one we 've made recently . Webkinz is really popular so we 're tossing in virtual pets as well . Perhaps I 'd be more impressed if I could get everything to run , but I 'm seriously considering returning this mess .
 I purchased this for my daughter . She does not play it very often . It is not something that interests her . This game seems more geared to boys . Another issue is that the instructions are not clear . I had to play and figure out the games first , to explain to my daughter . I tried to let her figure it out on her own but she was getting frustrated . It took me an evening to sit down with trial and error to figure out how to play the games . I would not purchase it again . I would not recommend it to friends , in fact I would suggest against it if they have girls .
 The content is just OK , and the dragging and dropping in some activities was not working . Also , the instructions for a couple of the activities was not very clear . Also , repeats the same ` jokes ' over and over . I expected more - I will likely return it .
 This is a subscription-based game . It says so inside the box in very small print . You get 2 levels with the game but you have to unlock anything beyond that . It is about $ 75 annually or $ 8 per month.I missed that part . I thought I got a great deal -LRB- Costco $ 11 -RRB- for this game and was really pissed off when I realized I have to pay so much more for this game.One more annoying note - the game includes educational games -LRB- level based -RRB- and various activities such as drawing , playing with a virtual dog , planting virtual flowers , etc. . The problem is that if you want to move to the next level of the educational games , you have to complete a ton of time-wasting activities and earn badges . I do n't mind my daughter playing the non-educational parts but she literally has to spend twice as much time on them than on the `` real '' stuff . Having it a requirement to move up a level seems like a very silly requirement.Had I known about these issues before I bought the game , I probably would n't have purchased it .
 We just bought this game -LRB- Jump Start Advanced , 2nd Grade Fundamentals -RRB- yesterday . My daughter saw a list of about 10 things she could do , with different characters , when she first played . But today , no matter what we click on , we are forced to one game and one character . And I ca n't find any instructions or explanations ANYWHERE . My daughter , age 6 , says Jumpstart `` wants kids to feel stupid '' and they are `` forcing me to have the same character and play the same game for the rest of my life '' and she is `` never EVER going to play ANY Jumpstart game again EVER EVER EVER ! `` And now we are going outside to smash the disc with a rock .
 We got this mainly for Pet Playground . It crashed EVERYTIME we played it so we could never get to the next level !!! Uninstalled it , then it would n't re-install ! And we have a PC ! OMG , if you enjoy frustration and being ripped off - this is your product !!!!!!
 Poorly made - Cheap graphics , not engaging . Ca n't say I would recommend this unless you found it at a deep discount
 My 6 year old daughter really enjoyed playing this game . It 's actually very well made and captivated her attention . She liked all the `` fun '' activities , decorating her virtual cabin , teaching tricks to her virtual pet cat , planting virtual flowers , sliding down virtual slides , and just walking her character around and looking at the 3D world , as well as the more properly educational activities . I think it 's the right mix of fun and challenges . The graphics and sound are great too . My daughter was also quite tickled that the scenery changed depending on the time of the year
 We actually love the game . What we could play of it , anyway . My son really enjoyed the challenge and interactivity of it.Unfortunately , we got a bit of a nasty surprise . After only level 2 -LRB- of 12 -RRB- we got a full screen message saying that , if we wanted to continue playing the game , we would need to purchase an online subscription . It would have been nice to see that a bit more prominently displayed on the packaging . We definitely would not have bought it .
 The content seems good but my set was defective . I returned and got another set that was also defective . At the end I asked for a refund .
 after i installed it ran it to see what it would remove before i bought it and looked at what it found . it scared the heck of out me to even want to run it since it looked like a lot of programs i have on my system it was going to remove them.so i never bought it i just remove the program from my machine.SO A BIG WARNING RUN IT AND SEE WHAT IT IS GOING TO BE REMOVING BEFORE YOU BUY THE PRODUCE.sure you could uncheck the items you did not want it to remove but on my system that was way to many unchecks i would have had to doso if you have a brand new machine then i guess use it . but it you have a older machine with a bunch of stuff on it think againjust adding my 2cent worth
 This did n't address my problem that I had with my computer.I seem to go in circles looking for a solution .
 After receiving the Registry Mechanic I installed the program with no problems . Then when I reinstalled Windows I had tried to reinstall Registry Mechanic and got an error code saying the activation code entered is incorrect . I contacted the company for support and there is no support , you can only leave an e-mail with support and they never e-mail you back . When trying to talk to ` someone ' on the phone all I get is put on hold forever . I 'm writing this review as I 'm on hold now . They do put someone on only for ` new orders ' , absolutely no help at all unless your buying from them . The program itself was useless seeing the reason I needed to reinstall Windows is because it removed partitions in my registry . `` I know your asking yourself - Then why would you reinstall it ? '' Well I thought that ` Maybe ' this was done in error of myself seeing I only clicked ` Correct/Clean all errors ' -LRB- Or something like that -RRB- instead of checking the list first . Then it wouldnt restore and eliminated the Windows system restore function on the computer . Either way the program should not be removing Windows partitions completely ruining the system mainframe.I would not recommend this product to anyone . I 'm not returning seeing it 's to much hassle and have to pay to ship and not get a complete refund . Junk ! - Junk ! - Junk!I finally did talk to someone and now they are saying that `` We do n't have the codes to programs bought through Amazon , if you are having a problem with the code then you need to contact Amazon to provide you with the code `` This is no more than a scam !
 I encountered a blue screen within 24 hours after I installed the newest version of Registry Mechanic . When I rebooted after the bluescreen , windows came up , but both the mouse and the keyboard were not functioning . I tried rebooting again with the same result . Then I booted in safe mode with networking and was able to backup recent files , and do a restore using a restore file earlier that day . I also did an uninstall of registry mechanic . That was the only change that had been made to the system in the past 24 hours . After coming up on the prior restore file , I have not had any problems . I bought the product 3 months ago . I was starting to have some concerns about many registry errors found by other programs that it was not correcting . They recommended to upgrade to the latest version . This is when I got the blue screen . I asked for a refund but they responded that their refund has to be within 30 days from the original purchase date . Apparently there is no warranty on upgrades .
 Buyer beware ! I purchased this and my computer kept giving me error messages from the install ... well after numerous phone calls and chat sessions of false promises from their IT I had to give up . They would say Employee X will be reviewing your logs in one hour and will e-mail you by the end of the day ... only to follow with no contact . Or `` an engineer will be calling you , when is a good time ? '' but never respond ! Each time I contacted them I had to wait on hold for at least 30 minutes , and then twice they disconnected the call , and did n't call me back ! Do NOT buy this software !
 The product was easy to install but there was a trick I noticed.A day after installing the software I ran full scan . To try the sincerity of the software , I downloaded same free trial . To my chagrin I was told my computer has about 420 problems and could only fix about 15 . My question now is are all these gimmicks ?
 If I could give this company a 0 star rating I would . They are in Australia which means they take days and days to answer questions and when they do answer they simply do not hear a word you say -LRB- yeah , I found an 800-number -RRB- or write . Horrible ! And the product is impossible to install . Even new out of the box with the correct activtion number , it does n't work . I had to have it installed from Australia , for heaven 's sake . FIND SOMETHING ELSE TO BUY .
 I purchased Registry Mechanic , had problems , purchased it again and had troubles . Then for a third time I purchased it again hoping the new CD would work . It just kept locking up my new Dell system . -LRB- I 'm running out of money buying and rebuying it -RRB- I can not even load the program to contact them and complain about their junk!Buy this at your peril ! Do n't say you have n't been warned.BTW , the absolute best Registry cleaners are
 I used the Registry Mechanic in a hope that it will emprove the performance of my computer . Instead , when I used a function of registry compression , the Window could no longer start up . I tried every trick that I could think of , but with no luck . This piece of junk rendered my computer useless ! I had to re-install the Windows from the scratch . Once the registry is messed up , like it was after using this program , there is no fixing.DO NOT USE IT ! DO NOT BUY IT ! DO N'T EVEN THINK ABOUT TRYING IT !
 Lots of bells and whistles . Does a fair job but is overpriced .
 I am a software tech . I first `` free trial '' V6 online-1 . Finds 131 errors , but will only fix 4 -LRB- must buy full version ! -RRB- . SHEESH ! 2 . Buy full version with 20 % off coupon -LRB- 3 computer lic , for only $ 9.95 more - their web site -RRB- .3 . Does NOT remove left/overs ... , from old uninstalled pgms . -LRB- Fix-it Utilities `` 6 '' safely did - read my review -RRB- .4 . Then they only support updates ... for 1 year - auto-renew ! RIP-OFF ! I got a refund , and will NEVER use them again !
 I recently purchased and installed four items of software from PC Tools
 I purchased this directly from PC tools . I did a system restore and all other recommendations below . It flat out did NOT work and messed up my system even worse . When I contacted support it took them 4 days to answer a simple question . I finally just did a total restore of my system . I am fairly computer savvy and while this program may have some value - support is non-existent - which makes it worthless . It also took me over 3 months to get a refund .
 Okay , that may be stretching it but be aware that this program could cause major heartaches . It cost me about eight hours of my time . The company gave me no help.I am sorry to write a bad review . I uninstalled it and sooo wish I had not tried it .
 This software caused many problems for me . I had to reformat my hard drive after I used this product.So after I uninstalled it I sold it to a friend that wanted it and PC TOOLS would not let them register it even after I emailed them stating I no longer use it.So now it just sits useless .
 I 've owned two copies of virtual pc and there have been no improvements despite connectix 's claims of a better program . The only improvements I 've seen are the improvements to the windows operating system . I have a G4 power mac 788mhz processor with 80gb of HD and over 1000 MB of RAM . The virtual pc causes the entire computer to shut down if I run two or more browser windows at the same time . I bought this program so I can run windows based software when there is n't a mac version available , but the hassles far outweigh the benefits and it will be to my advantage to just buy a pc and use it along with the mac .
 My Windows laptop is going on the blink -- has trouble powering up . I figured , it was time to get a new computer . I decided to go Mac and bought a new OS X mac . I also bought this software as there are a couple of Windows programs that I need to run which do not have a Mac version . After about 10 tries , I was finally able to install the software . But when I tried to install applications -LRB- via Control Panel -- &#62; Add programs -RRB- , all I got was a busy hour glass then cursor . . no program install . When I tried to view the Win XP tutorial , my computer froze and I had to turn off the power switch of my Mac . I then uninstalled the Virtual PC 6 software . It would have been much better to have just used the money for this program for a used PC for the programs I still need to run . Not worth the time and aggravation . Be careful what you wish for .
 Although I do n't have the most current Macintosh , I do have a dual processor 500 mhz G4 . I found that VPC ran far too slow to make it useful . I removed the software from my computer and purchased a laptop windows pc which worked very well . I would use caution in buying this product if you are expecting it to work quickly .
 I installed it on my 12 '' powerbook -LRB- G4 867 w/640m -RRB- running panther . Installation was slow but painless . I bought it because I needed to access my company 's site which uses Citrix for webmail & MS office apps . Citrix does n't work on the Mac browser , ie or safari . Well , it does n't work in Virtual PC either . I tried to allocate more memory , close all other Mac apps , started VPC from a clean boot-up & nothing . It would time-out , applets would n't start ... all from just trying to run through ie . I 'm disappointed . BTW , under `` System '' in the control panal in VPC/WinXP , I was runing a 686 540m processor . It seemed more like a 386 runing at 100mh .
 Actually , it says for ages 2-6 . That would make the other review completely appropriate .
 Do n't be fooled by the hype and fancy box . This software is poorly designed and not appropriate for use by young children who can not already read , which defeats its purpose .1 . Each disk must be installed separately , and the 4 desktop icons are identical so a child can not tell which corresponds to which CD . The CDs also lack useful graphics to differentiate them to a non-reader .2 . Starting the game requires reading -LRB- for language selection and saved game retrieval -RRB- . My 21/2 year old daughter has no problems starting and running her other software -LRB- Disney Preschool , etc. -RRB- . She is helpless to even start this program on her own .3 . Games are low-budget , shareware-type activities and are repetitive from one disk to another and even within a disk , with only the imagery and sprites swapped out . I ca n't fathom why it takes 5 disks to deliver this material , unless the audio files to say `` good job '' in 3 languages take an unbelievable amount of disk space .4 . The number drop game is frustrating to impossible for a small child to master because the `` catch '' area is too large .5 . Even the warranty card is faulty , offering a period of `` ninety -LRB- 30 -RRB- '' -LSB- sic -RSB- days.PBS and iParenting should be ashamed to be endorsing this product . I would return it if I could . Do n't subject your child to this rubbish .
 The game wont install on a Mac running OSX ... Therefore , its not true that the game is Mac compatible .
 This software capitalizes on the popularity of `` Caillou '' with a basic product.This game works better on a PC ; on a Mac it 's difficult to install and quits unexpectedly.For preschoolers who enjoy playing computer games , this game might be very basic.I would say it 's for ages 2 to a young 3 yr old , but ironically that age may have trouble navigating through the game . The game pages are very basic and repetitious -LRB- e.g. , the same picture is uncovered over and over ; games repeat themselves which kids might quickly find boring -RRB- . Even on our PC we found the game to run fairly slow . All in all , there 's much better software out there .
 Piece.of.crap.The box was `` new '' but already opened upon arrival , after it was packaged with little care -LRB- almost no padding . -RRB- I plugged it into my Toshiba with windows7 . I tried using it with windows media center , but there was video with no sound coming through . I thought maybe it would work better with the provided software . That did n't work at all . So I packaged it all up in the the original condition , sent it back to New Jersey , filed for a refund , and did n't get a sufficient refund . We had spent over $ 18 on the product , then over $ 7 to ship it back . What did we get for a refund ? $ 6 . No freaking way . So we called amazon , and they got us an additional $ 6 . Still very displeased with the whole situation . Giving the product a bad rating , as well as the seller , for not providing sufficient compatibility information or refunds . booooooooo .
 I bought this as I have used the free version for years . The interface is so clunky , it 's beyond even trying . There is no option for free hand drawing . And , it doens ' t remember which directories I 've saved vs opened from . I find myself clicking so much between the 2 that I just hate it and it 's time consuming . I actually reinstalled the free version and am using that again . Next time , I will buy something else ! This was a HUGE waste of money !!!
 Perhaps it 's the fact that I owned Adobe Photoshop 7 before I bought this software , but I noticed nothing unique about it . Only reason I can find to buy Paint Shop Pro 7 would be the cheaper price tag .
 This is a powerful program , but it suffers from a horribly non-intuitive user interface , and worse , the documentation is not only very incomplete and seriously lacking in examples , but it is downright wrong in an embarassingly large number of places . Following along in the few examples it does offer , does not create the results you 're expecting from the documentation . Drop-down menus either do n't appear as expected or the options you need are grayed out , the result is n't what the example says it will be , etc. . The result is that the few examples -LRB- that are usually irrelevant to what you want to do -RRB- are themselves generally useless.The result is a terribly long learning learning curve , and it 's not steep , just long . It took me * days * to figure out how to do sculpted text with a drop shadow , and I still have n't figured out how to draw a simple circle segment . It 's not that I 'm that dense ; I 've learned other graphics programs in a few hours and been productive by the end of the day . Visio is a much better choice for vector graphics , and Ulead PhotoImpact is better for raster image manipulation . Would that Jasc would just simply rewrite the program from scratch , learning from these guys how to write a user interface . As for documentation , the first law of technical writing is to have a naive user try to learn the program from your draft docs ; Jasc has either not done that or they clearly have n't documented solutions to the problems that the naive user runs into . The net result is docs that seem to assume that you know things you do n't - and the miserably small index does n't help you find them out , either.If you must learn and use this program by yourself , get one of the third-party books that documents it , and once your program 's installed , toss the Jasc documentation in the trash .
 I would not give this a single star ; I downloaded this a while ago and the only useful thing it did was replace colors , and it was n't until after a month I finally figured out how to draw -LRB- and I 'm not the worst at computers -RRB- . When I tried to uninstall the thing , I found out that it messes with file extensions ; meaning that normal files like jpegs no longer worked . The proper way to associate with files , by the way , is through remote addresses , meaning it should not open using the program , but the program should instead open the file . This is something even the inventors of MS Paint knew , and Paint is considered the worst -LRB- actually I like Paint , but that 's besides the point -RRB- . Do n't misunderstand , JASC is normally a good thing to have on your computer , but the fact that it associated itself was annoying as anything .
 This product is very awkward to use . It 's hard to manipulate images , and you usually do n't get what you expect . I would not recommend it .
 Any benefits this program provides is negated by the frequent crashes my computer has suffered as a result of having this program installed . Finally junked the program .
 Too bad you do n't have this for iMacs !! Once again we feel left out in the cold !!
 There 's an old adage about software :1 . Cheap2 . Powerful3 . Easy to usePick any two . : - -RRB- With PSP 7.0 you get 1 & 2 . The interface is so clunky that I went quickly looking for something easier to use . Just trying to do something simple , like draw a button with some text on it , is very frustrating -LRB- I gave up after two hours -RRB- . Trying to make a gif transparent is also baffling at times , meaning sometimes it works -- and sometimes it does n't . And the 3rd party tutorials out there are of little help , at least the ones that I 've seen.PSP does pack some powerful features , however . And some of these are surprisingly easy to use , e.g. , the Enhance Photo options . Rotating images is a snap to use too.If you have a good PSP teacher standing by , this would be a great program to buy . But unless you 've had some experience with other graphics programs you wo n't get very far on your own trying to learn this one .
 This is the most frustrating program that I have ever used . I am not a photographer , nor a graphic artist , but am trying to build some graphics for a web page . I had been using the Microsoft product ... and was able to create images with relative ease , considering my zero experience . i bought this product , however , and have found myself pulling out my hair.Bottom line - if you do n't know what a `` raster layer '' is , do n't buy this product .
 I purchased this program looking for elegant fonts to use in my wedding invitations . Boy was I wrong ! All of the fonts are the same ones you find in microsoft word 2007 . On the bottom of the box in small font it states that the fonts on the box are used for illustration purposes only and may not be included in the program . I found this program to be very misleading . Do n't waste your money like I did !
 I have YET to be able to print out a list of samples . To see a sample you have to select a font from an unreadable list of strange names that do not have ANYTHING to do with what the font looks like . HATE this stupid program !
 For designers :1 . These setup only allows you to turn on so many fonts and isnt very helpful in viewing other fonts you may have from the font management program with this .2 . I went in and checked , there isnt really 3000 fonts , its like 2900 something , so ... you decide .3 . Its way to over priced for what you get . If you buy the new CorelDraw x4 , it comes with a font management program already .4 . It takes forever to try and remove all the fonts , it sometimes hides the files for individual viewing .
 ... These software products are okay , but are nothing compared to the real stuff . For one thing , the voices sound like ROBOTS , not like humans , so it can be annoying after a while ... It is okay on accuracy , but only for streets that have been around for more than 5 years ...
 I keep reading about what a powerful program this is . On the best days , I can only marginally agree . I have used other inexpensive programs that gave me the same type of results that were MUCH easier to use . -LRB- I use these types of programs on a regular basis with little to no trouble . -RRB- The screen is busy with all types of displays , but seldom will many people actually use most of the stuff . Looks good , but basically useless . The `` help '' section of the program is usually pretty helpful ... the only problem being when you look up a topic , it tells you that you ca n't do that particular function with this program . That has happened SO many times , I have begun to think that you ca n't really do ANYTHING with this program . Though this program is really written to do midi-input , the company advertises that you can also do manual notation . I tried that function as well , and it is absolutely the worst I have ever used , bar none . There are so many things that it wo n't let you input , it is nearly completely useless . I 'm certain that if someone wanted to pursue a false advertising claim , that there would be plenty of room for it . I have used children 's notation programs that produced better results with less than half the effort . The bottom line is that this program is basically all talk with little worthwhile result .
 CD came damaged from the Manufacturer and would not load . CD had a visable fault in making of the CD . I am expecting a full refund , but have not received it yet .
 I had an old 3.0 program and loved it . So I thought I would try this one . It was a disaster!I could not get the program to work . I called for tech support and they gave directions for another product . I tried their suggestions and they , of course , failed . I reported to them and asked for advice and received NO HELP or even suggestions .
 I purchased this program to replace an old `` AUTO MAP the intelligent road atlas '' by Nextbase Ltd. and am sorry that I did . I opened the package and tried to use it -LRB- which means I can not return it -RRB- - big mistake . My old program puts this to shame . The print out of the Directions -LRB- itinerary -RRB- are quite scant and you can not tell where you are as far as towns along the way are concerned . It is easy to use if you are just going from one place to another via freeways , but want to go someplace else and you are cooked . It may take you around the shortest routes instead of using secondary good roads that get you there just as fast . Time of travel can not be adjusted - all travel time starts at 0:00 and goes from there . My old program alowed you to start at 8:00 - 9:00 - 9:30 or whenever you wanted to start and gave the times along the way from there . My new purchase is now in the trash .
 The software does not work . After installing and auto linking to my computer 's word , the software would not execute . I tried on 3 different computers to make sure it was n't a computer error . After which I called for tech help . When I told them the problem , we were conveniently disconnected twice . Both times I called back I was connected to voice mail . Left a message , but ALAS , no one EVER returned my call . Save yourself the trouble . Get something else !!!
 This software not only slowed my computer down to a crawl , but the program itself constantly froze and rarely worked regardless how many times I attempted to use it . Useless . I 'm throwing it away .
 This is an outdated version , it does not work . Website does not exist , ca n't get any help from help desk . Should be taken off the the market unless you have a very old computer . If I could , I would have given it a 0 star . Very disappointed .
 dose not work with my program but i 'm keeping it till i get the right program to work . bought this so i may communicate with my tenant in the trailor park i run .
 This Software runs only on Windows Platforms Before VISTA . Be aware . It also only translates ENGLISH to SPANISH , not the other way around . Also , this is a very cheaply designed program , it is not up for current computer standards . If your running on a modern PC
 Personally , I found that this was a trying experience from the beginning . First off , few stores even carry Linux software , so that even locating the package is difficult . Thankfully there are on-line opportunities like Amazon to fulfill the dream.Physically installing this product was an even greater difficulty . I could not find this in a 3.5 '' format and had to upgrade my PC in order to be able to run the CD . After re-booting , I found that the CD was not mounted and that the software could not be recognized . I spent numerous hours on the phone with Red Hat Tech support , only to determine that the system requirements were not fully explained in the promotional literature . This upgrade requires an extremely fast processor , at least 512 Mb memory , minimum 40 Gb hard drive . In fact , the system architecture and operating system are completely different ! Who knew ? I can tell you it is not recommended for the typical Apple II or Mac Plus customer.This is probably much better suited to the owner of a new PowerMac machine with the latest in video & IO features
 What follows is the review of someone who has more than 25 years on both sides of the Unix/Windows line and who owns no stock that would benefit from the sales of either.When you read all the reviews below , you might get confused , with ratings from 1 to 5 stars and the obvious pro- and anti-Microsoft commentary -LRB- this IS a Redhat review , right ? Why do people feel compelled to throw in the Microsoft jabs ? Very juvenile ! -RRB- - so if you 're among the confused , let me help you out.The clue to reality is found in the posts themselves - as you notice that the majority of reviewers feel obliged to tell you what kind of system they 've installed -LRB- or not -RRB- Linux , right down to the drive types and the mouse pad they use.Why do they feel you need this information , which anywhere else would be totally boring and even irrelevant ? Yes - you guessed it . Linux still has problems supporting a number of hardware platforms and devices - period . And , when new devices come out , Linux is slower than molasses in supporting them.Well , this level of `` polish '' , if that 's the word I want , is what you get with a lot of `` open source '' software - sometimes it works , sometimes it does n't , often critical or obvious features are missing . But hey - do n't whine . `` Everything is going to be fixed in the next version ... would you please donate some money ? '' ... When Linux arrived on the scene , the CONCEPT was practically spiritual - at one point I thought the Congress might rewrite the Preamble to the Constitution to say that all men were entitled to life , liberty , LINUX and the pursuit of happiness . It was all so very , very egalitarian . Free stuff ... well , until someone started charging for it.It was the OS version of free love and hippie beads.Years later , Linux still does n't measure up . It may sound like an oxymoron that Linux hides behind its `` openness '' , but that is precisely what it does . You 're never entitled to scream VERY loud about its shortcomings , because , after all , it is free ... or it only costs a few bucks , and hey - it 's ... OPEN ! Have some pity on the poor people who are working so hard to contribute to Linux , you heartless -LRB- grep . astard myreview > truth.txt -RRB- . Linux has promise . In fact , lots of promises . The fact that it 's the same promises they were making years ago is merely a speedbump along the pathway to Nirvanalux . And no matter how fast you drive it , Linux can never seem to outrun its kludge.So , I run it - mostly as a development platform for work , before running anything on the real deal -LRB- Unix or Windows - the operating systems that actually work -RRB- . Crash my Linux , who cares ? I never compile anything on it that does n't go to backup first.And for those who claim constant crashes with Windows , I wo n't call them liars . I have an NT server that I ca n't remember when I booted it , a 2000 server literally running from the day it was installed a couple of years ago , but then again , I RTFM and I 'm a trained system administrator . Could that be the difference ? Probably not - my wife 's Windows 98 ran for about 6 years straight until she upgraded to 2000 and she has never seen the BSOD.Notice I 'm not telling you what platforms these systems are running on - because it does n't matter . If you 're seeing the BSOD in Windows , the most probable device causing your failure is YOU .
 I tried to like it . I really did , but a person does need a degree in computer science to install any new programs . The mp3 player is disabled , no video player , and incompatibility with most online programs out there . I do n't like windows but I absolutely HATE Linux Redhat 9.0 . I wanted to burn a CD of my work before I switched back to Windows , but even the damn CD burning program would ` nt burn the CD . All it said was no data even though I moved the data I wanted to be bur n't in the appropriate box.My father would say something is PISS POOR when it was the absolute lowest quality possible . Linux Redhat is truly a piss poor product . I threw out the CDs and now I am going back to Window Millenium because at least that works and I can actually get other programs to work with it.Piss Poor garbage ! Buy Windows !!!!
 This will be a one word , well maybe two word review . . It Stinks !! Do n't plan on getting any real work done until you can figure out how to make this thing work and recognize your entire system , you know , printer , scanner , USB port , etc. . Poorly written and just not worth the effort to get it running correctly . MS Bob would be a better investment !!
 For starters you can not even play MP3 's with this operating system . That was where the search began on the internet , aggrr!Next up , trying to update such common compenents as the web brower requires a Masters degree in computer science . When you finally get it upgraded the fonts are not updated , very nice . Then to find out after paying for this operating system , no product updates ! I feel like I should get a refund on this product . So you are on your own , like a used car to fix it yourself , good luck.Lastly , if anyone thinks Linux is for them , then they must be an alien or something . I wound up purchasing Windows XP Professional and being completey satified . It comes with support for mulit-media and you can actually play MP3 's in Windows . Something I guess the linux community must think is not popular ... If I could have given a negitive number for a review of Redhat Linux I would!Everyone else , save your money and buy Windows XP Professional you will be so much happier !
 Red Hat 's legacy Linux operating system , launched in 1994 . Predecessor of Red Hat Enterprise Linux and the Fedora Project . Last version available was Red Hat Linux 9 . Was $ 39.95 to $ 149.95 . No longer available for sale - this directly from the Red Hat website.Try SuSE - better product anyway !
 Red Hat Linux is a fast and stable operating system but do n't be fooled by the by the one whole number jump from 8 to 9 . Red Hat 9.0 is just Red Hat 8 with a different logout icon . How do they expect us to be impressed anymore ? You would expect the leading linux distribution to take charge and improve things , but that is not the case . Multimedia support still stinks , my palm pilot , webcam , scanner , and printer do n't work either . They have also chosen to leave out NTFS support in their `` New Kernel . '' This product 's only plus is BlueCurve user interface , but 8.0 had that . I wonder which icon they will change for their next release .
 I gave this product a 1 simply because it would n't work with my Dell 's video card .
 Redhat 9.0 is garbage . I installed it on my laptop , but struggled for weeks to get it to work . It could not recognize almost any of my hardware -LRB- HP Deskjet 3320 Printer , HP 3200 Scanner , Xircom Ethernet/Modem card , IOmega USB 250 ZipDisk , Buslink external USB hard drive , etc. . . -RRB- . These are all brand name and relatively new.Even if I accepted the absence of these pieces of hardware , it was almost impossible to copy or open files.I am no neophyte to computers , software -LRB- especially Unix -RRB- or software development , but this operating system is absolutely terrible.I wish I could leave Microsoft and migrate to Linux , but every incarnation of Linux I have ever used was at best terrible . To be fair , Mandrake was even worse and SuSE Linux at least recognized some of my hardware and its interface was pretty and reasonably thought out , but even less functional.Trying to get any work done in any of these was impossible . Programs would continuously crash , copying or opening files was an ordeal and took long periods of time when they were successful.I do n't want tons of free software , pretty interfaces or promotional stickers . I want things that work and are well thought out.I want to thank Redhat , SuSE and Mandrake for proving to me that Linux has an extremely long way to go in competing with MS Windows . Windows is easy to install , easy to use , almost always finds any hardware I thow at it and WORKS , ALL THE TIME !!!!!
 The install did n't detect my printer , modem and soundcard . Had to spend 2 days scavenging for drivers and patches , and delving into unix console arcana . Fun for some , but I was hoping to do some meaningful work instead.I have no doubt the OS is powerful and very flexible , but from a user standpoint it lacks a basic prerequisite
 it is ancient incarnation of red hat , it is no longer supported , it has no drivers for today 's computer hardware . I used it in 2003 and even then its performance left much to be desired . Fedora is open source heir of red hat . Get Fedora 13 instead , it is latest one , contains all drivers and easy to install and use . Fedora 13 , 4-disks DVD Set , Includes `` Introduction to Linux '' video-DVD , Linux Training Library and printed Quick Reference Card of Linux commands , Contains both 32-bit and 64-bit versions , includes Complimentary Evaluation Exam by UNIX Academy I am really shocked that this version is still offered .
 I used Unix many years ago and thought it could be a fun to install Linux in my old desktop . Without understanding the status of Red Hat Linux or the available choices , I bought an used Red Hat Linux 9 . The installation was not a problem but I quickly ran into a series of problems that my 3Com wireless USB and USB mouse do not work and the Firefox that came with the Linux could not open Google 's webpage.After some study on the internet , I realized that Red Hat Linux 9 was so old that it requires a lot of update to work with the new hardware or the latest websites . Unless one is willing to pay the annual charge to Red Hat , Linux fan should look for other options .
 Redhat 9.0 is no longer even supported by Redhat . Save your money . I 'm surprised at Amazon for offering a backlevel product like this !
 I am a linux user since 1998 . This year I decided to buy and install a Redhat 9 . I installed a full package and tried as many of the programs as I could . Abbey Word ?
 I bought this game for my daughters , ages 8 and 9 , who know next to nothing about U.S. geography , hoping they 'd learn some of the basics . The questions in this game are WAY too difficult for geography beginners in terms of the content , and the convoluted way the questions are phrased makes it taxing just to listen and get the gist of the question . The game might be educational , but if it 's no fun for young players , they are not going to play it and learn anything .
 I tried this internet security software along with its other iterations and found this product to also be outdated . I so much wanted to have a product that does what it promised that I gave other versions of it a try . This one got the same result . As with the other versions the product is no longer supported . As such it does not work with many browsers and I tried just about all of them in an effort to see if I can work around the problem . I also noticed that this version also caused my computer to crash often . This product went to the trash like the other versions . I guess I will have to keep looking for another software that will do what this product promised .
 I ordered computer software from Jimmy 's For Less . The package came in a timely manner , but the software was a year old and already outdated . I sent an e-mail to Jimmy 's to get a resolution , but no response .
 All I can say is when I installed it , my computer crashed frequently till I uninstalled it . now it 's just sitting on my shelf collecting dust !
 I bought this product to help me study for the GMAT . I was particularly interested in the PDA flashcards for the GMAT so I could study on the go . There are two major issues with this product for me :1 -RRB- They do not explicitly say that the included software is identical to the GMAT 800 software , which I had already bought . Not too big of a deal , since I really just wanted the PDA software , but it would have been nice if this were noted in the product description .2 -RRB- Many of the PDA flashcards have serious errors on them . On the flashcards , there is a Question tab , and an Answer tab . For some flashcards , the answer on the answer tab was n't even one of the options . On other flashcards , the description is n't correct , or leaves out special cases -LRB- and is thus wrong -RRB- . They obviously put this product out too early and/or did not subject it to any quality control , and I have not seen any updates on their website . Actually , I have n't seen ANY updates for anything on their site.If I could do it over , I would have just bought the GMAT 800 book/CD combo instead . The flashcards are virtually worthless .
 I only used the GRE review because that is the test in which I am interested . The Kaplan Deluxe Edition is a good tool for reviewing for it in the information it provides , but it is also very frustrating to use . There are videos that play whenever one goes to do a lesson or review that can not be skipped or turned off . So , something that would take 15 seconds to read takes 2 minutes for a silly video to play . Therefore , the program can be very time consuming to do a simple review . Also , some information is repeated over and over again , with one being unable to skip it . The first video that gives a tour of the program states that the GRE is more difficult than the SAT because the person taking it is now college-educated ; however , the program is not designed with a college-educated person in mind . It seems to be designed for entering junior high , with `` fun and exciting '' graphics and clips.Overall , the information in it is useful , but I would recommend getting a book .
 I bought this and am quite frustrated with it . As has been mentioned there are silly/slow cartoons that you must watch everytime . In addition many parts of the program are broken and there is no patch to fix this . For example , the sound cuts in and out randomly . Also on some of the practice tests you can not check your answers to learn what tricks were used to solve them , even though you should be able to , thr program gets confused and does not allow one access .
 This is the first software program I 've purchased from Kaplan and I would not recommend it to anyone . I will never purchase another Kaplan program . Although the information is valuable , the program is poorly written . It is VERY slow , and the program does n't allow you to move forward quickly or skip any sections . You must sit through the entire lesson along with all of the annoying jokes , just to get to one point that you want to refresh . Also there is no way to stop during a lesson or test . You must close down the program . And often , only half of the test or game shows on the screen , if it starts at all . You must keep restarting the program until the test begins properly . You 're better off finding different software for this program .
 This software is buggy , and was clearly made with a 13 y/o target audience . I 'm preparing for grad school ; I do n't need silly cartoons and such . I 'd much rather have a straightforward application which just spits out tests and grades them .
 Overall , I lost $ 20 on this purchase because the manufacturer - Encore - did not provide the key to install the cd . Their customer support is non-existent - no phone number - just an email address . I was lucky to receive a cryptic email response back telling me to send back the CD , however they still have not provided a return address . Urrghh !
 The game is okay , because you get to interact with Dear America characters . But After you interact with the girls , the story is finished . And after I interacted with all 6 girls , the game did n't have much left to do . All you could do was do some quizzes -LRB- which repeat themselves until you 've played every single quiz -RRB- and a diary that you could write in.This game was not worth -LSB- the price -RSB- . . It should have been -LSB- less -RSB- .
 Over the years , I 've ordered several of VL 's spanish programs directly from them when they 've had sales . Many years ago , they had a customer service line , but no mas!I personally think VL Spanish programs are excellent , but after you 've spent your money , if you need help -LRB- i.e. downloading software -RRB- -- you 're on your own.All questions have to be answered via email ONLY . And guess what ? If you send them too many emails , they 'll BLOCK your IP address.NOT nice!So , they lose 3 stars .
 They have changed their license entry procedure now I can no longer reload it on the MAC so money wasted.It was a great app . until then I actually preferred it to the `` new improved version '' of level 1 for the most part . -LRB- for some reason I could not have both versions loaded at same time -RRB- Emailed support twice but getting no where and do n't want to risk IP blockage as per previous reviewer comment -LRB- I have the their online Digital Learning Center -RRB- so now I will just use the accompanying CD 's
 This software is actually really awesome . BUT , the amount of material that you get is just not worth the money you spend . I definitely learned a lot but I could have rented cds and software from the library -LRB- in fact , I did -RRB- for free and learned all of the information I learned from this software.If I had paid $ 30 or $ 40 I would be pretty satisfied . However , $ 80 is simply too much . To add insult to injury , most of the lessons that you pay for are available periodically for free on their website ! AND , they send you a ton of junk mail , which I find incredibly annoying!I recommend that people check out what their local library has to offer , and check out the free lessons available on the Visual Link website , before purchasing this software . I also recommend the `` Learning Spanish with Michael Thomas '' software -LRB- do n't buy it ; try to borrow it or find it online -RRB- ; the format is really fun and he gives you a lot of useful tips that really increase your vocabulary .
 Not worth the money . They start at the arse end and difficult to use . In retrospect I should have bought a different package , though I do n't know which one would be better . Should have spent the money on lessons , which I am going to have to do now anyway . Not recommended !!!!
 This is not a bad program to begin the learning experience . If you want to always have to put the CD into the drive so you can use the program and your just starting this just might be for you . Also , if your want to pay more for each level -LRB- and the levels are not cheap -RRB- and you want to carry a ton of CD 's with you , so you can use your laptop , this is your program . Personally I 'll keep looking .
 For what this program does it is very over priced . It may help with some writers block but does not help you organize your plot and how characters interact . It gives you a list of verbs or adjectives and that 's about it . Minimal word processing ability
 I want to send this back ! It is super overpriced for what it does ... NOTHING!I should have know better than let someone else get this for me ! This software does not do anything ! I wanted something to help me organized everything . But the only thing this software seems to do is just build a characters characteristics . that is all . You ca n't even write separate chapters or anything like that . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 In view of the terrible reviews that were posted for PrintMaster 17 , we ordered a DVD for PrintMaster 16 to replace our old PrintMaster 15 . When the DVD arrived , we uninstalled PM 15 , disabled our antivirus program and firewall security programs and ran a Norton WinDoctor to clean up our registries . When we started the PM 16 installation , we got the following : `` Error 1904/ModuleC : \ Windows \ system 32msxml4.dll failed to register . Contact your Support Personnel '' . Contact with a Broderbund Customer Service Representative resulted in an e-mail address for Technical Service . We detailed our problem in trying to download PM 16 and stated that we provided enough data to warrant a human response and NOT AN AUTOMATED Frequently Asked Questions answer . We still got an automated FAQ answer back . Bottom Line ! Broderbund does NOT provide any real product support ! Think twice before you order any of their products .
 Looking for a software program to free up storage space , remove duplicate files , and generally clean out your hard drive ? KEEP LOOKING.Spring Cleaning 6.0 for OS X is without question the worst Mac software I 've ever used . Having been around for some time , I thought this would be the best program to choose in terms of addressing my hard drive maintenance issues . Not only is it painfully slow , it has one of the least intuitive interfaces imaginable . Make one error by pressing `` Continue '' when you 're not supposed to , and look forward to the program spending another 30-45 minutes scanning your hard drive for files.After running it for several hours -- yes , hours -- on my G4 , it quit twice towards the end of the program -- just disappeared off the screen -- at roughing the same point -LRB- the `` Remove Aliases '' section -RRB- . I have n't experienced this kind of frustration with a Mac product since a Mac lost a lengthy term paper back in 1992 -- it 's that bad . It deserves zero stars , but Amazon wo n't allow that , so here it is at a single star . Apple should be ashamed to sell it in their retail stores , where I purchased it -- do n't make the same mistake by purchasing it from Amazon .
 From Aladdin 's site , I obtained the upgrade to version 6.0 -LRB- from 2.0 -- I 'm a patient guy -RRB- . I was aware of the long-established criticism of Spring Cleaning
 Silverfast has to be the worst scanning application available . If you have the choice between this and another , then I suggest you go with the other -LRB- whatever it might be -RRB- . In my case , I had to buy this scanning software because I have a UMAX scanner with a Mac and had to update my scanning software which means I was forced to purchase this garbage . Let me say that it does scan , but it 's slow , slow , slow even at 200-300 dpi . Even the preview scan is slow . And now I have a permanent hot line that shows up on the left side of every scan that did not happen until I `` updated '' to Silverfast SE.The quality of the scans -LRB- aside from the approximate 5-pixel line running through every scan -RRB- is n't terrible , but it 's not great either . Luckily , in my case , most of everything I scan gets heavily painted and altered in Photoshop with the scan acting as the sketch , but it 's just so darn slow . I would say that it 's probably 5 times slower than your average Epson scan - using the same resolution settings , of course . I just hate it . I have n't upgraded to their newer scanning software because I absolutely do n't trust it and do n't want the hassle . Customer service is non-existent -LRB- in my experience -RRB- as the other reviewer stated.So now I have to buy an Epson scanner and scrap my old one , only because I 'm tired of this god-awful application . I personally would like to give it negative stars if possible .
 Just to echo what the others here have said . Software has terrible copy protection . On-line support is terrible . Never ending series of questions with few paths that actually allow you to say what is wrong . Even after all that , the software itself is terrible . I 'm using the Mac version and it is obviously not a native Mac application . It runs inside of some ` universal ' environment . Does n't play nice with any other Mac applications , and is basically trash in about every way possible . AVOID!Copying the photo by tracing with crayons would be preferable to using this software .
 I tried SiverFast SE Plus with the HDR module , was really disappointed with the software.You ca n't use iSRD -LRB- IR dust removal -RRB- in SE Plus with Epson and Microtek scanners due to `` licensing issues '' according to SilverFast support . For iSRD you need the separate HDR module which costs an additional $ 100 . Then have to scan as 64bit RGBi and then do the dust removal separately in the HDR application ! Huge multi-step pain in the butt.The iSRD issues with Epson and Microtek are NOT well explained on the SilverFast product site . And the fact that you need to export from SE to process iSRD does n't seem explained AT ALL.Even worse was in comparing the full-size scans I felt SilverFast looked more processed and noisy than the scans out of the original Epson software ! -LRB- This is something you really ca n't tell in the demo as it only permits saving files with a max of 150 DPI . -RRB- This was too much and I requested a refund and bought VueScan instead.To add insult to injury SilverFast sales first resisted talk of a refund and is now not replying to emails at all basically forcing me to file a dispute with the credit card company and file a complaint with the BBB.Bad product . Bad support . Do n't waste your money.For me , despite some flakiness , VueScan is hands down the better software . IR dust removal is MUCH easier to use than in SE Plus + HDR mess and the resulting scans , in my opinion , look more natural .
 This is a horrible company to try and get support from . I bought a very expensive scanner that the software does not now support even though it came with it . I 've upgraded per their website , emailed , called their support lines and can get no where with them . Amazon should not sell their products and you should not buy one!If there was a less than one star rating I 'd be using it !
 An extremely disappointing product ; in fact , the most disappointing I 've EVER purchased on Amazon . The ap installs on my PC 's , but will not open . The SilverFast web site says there is a free update available , but even though the product is registered in my name , the `` Free update '' is NOT accessible , will NOT download and is virtually useless . The SilverFast web site is one of the worst and least helpful I 've ever run across in my 15 years of working with PC 's .
 Thought I was buying a program and all I got was a 30 day test period !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This program is very cumbersome to use . It is NOT intuitive . If you have Windows XP you will not be able to send Email cards because they are . exe files and Outlook Express does not send or receive . exe files . There is NO technical support other than FAQ pages . Riverdeep software basically sends you a preprinted email that states that if you ca n't find your answer in the FAQ section there is nothing they can do . Do not buy any Broderbund product from now on unless you want to be aggravated .
 After a half an hour I finally was able to print a birthday card . Whoever writes these cards should go back to first grade to learn a little creative writing . Examples of some of the cards are `` Happy Birthday to You , Happy Birthday to You , Happy Birthday Dear -LRB- Fill in theBlank -RRB- , Happy Birthday to You '' . Genius at work . Another , `` Happy Birthday All Day , Happy Birthday All Year '' . Pure Crap.Also , I ca n't understand why you are unable to install the Program Disc onto your hard drive , instead of having to hunt down the CD and insert it into your CD ROM every time you use the program .
 Back when I was running Win98 , I loved Printmaster Gold . But when I got my first XP , it became quite limited . I could no longer use my own pics.I got Printmaster Platinum , hoping it would be an improvement . I still could n't use my own pics , and it ignored my scanner , despite the claim of TWAIN compliance . I 've since tried other Broderbund apps , but got the same disappointing results . Where 's a corporate buyout when you need one ?
 I bought this Printmaster Platinum through Amazon . When I installed it , I found that it was a 2006 version , and any offers of on online images and the like were void . I contacted Amazon , and some smart-alec said I bought a 2006 version . Nowhere on the site did it say it was an old , dusty version . The email sent back to me said to read the overview information carefully . Still no mention of a 2006 version.When I installed it , I found out it was a 2006 version ... and being opened and installed , I ca n't return it . Amazon is the last place I 'll buy any software in the future.The only good thing that happened , Amazon responded quickly . Why not , they scored another unfair sale.Printmaster - Platinum Version 18
 I though this product is great like everybody said , but it 's really is suck ! It 's difficult to install whole programs . And one more , the seller does n't give refund free , I do n't understand why ? They just care to sell their staff , never care if customer satisfied or not . Never buy again !
 I thought I was going to upgrade when I went from PrintMaster Platinum 12 to PrintMaster Platinum 16 . NO ! PrintMaster 16 is much more combersome to use and I am so-o disappointed !
 I am a long time user of the Printmaster products . I have not seen enough new / original projects and art to justify the cost of this upgrade . I was disappointed .
 Needing to make some brochures for my business , I purchased this software against my better judgment . It was n't as if I did n't know better . I had an earlier version I purchased in the 90 's which I had found to be difficult to use . But as I looked at the glossy pictures on the box , and read how wonderful this product purported to be I said to myself , `` Surely , this product must be better than it was . `` Well , I am here to tell you that it is just as difficult to use today as it was in the 90 's . Granted , I am not software geek , but I have been around the block a few times . I think I am reasonably experienced in using software -LRB- Publisher , Word , FrontPage , Excel , etc. -RRB- , but I can not make this software do what I need it to do . For instance , I want to paste a picture in a text box . No problem , except for the text has to be manually manipulated around the picture . Oh , by the way , the clip art is just as bad as it was ten years ago . If you insist on buying this product , buy the very basic product and get your images off the web .
 I have been buying versions of PrintMaster for over 8 years and I was VERY disappointed in this version . I saw absolutely NO difference in PM `` Platinum '' 16 and regular old `` Gold 15 '' . In fact , I wrote the company and asked for my money back because PrintMaster 21 has just come out -- in fact , it was virtually within DAYS that version 21 was announced from when I received version 16 . If this is your first PrintMaster , it 's OK . If you think this is an upgrade -- forget about it !
 We have used Peachtree for a few years now and I ca n't wait for the day that I get to change to a better system . Quickbooks wont work because I have multitiered customers -LRB- thought peachtree handles that aspect poorly -RRB- . I have continual glitches that Peachtree just says `` will be fixed in a later version '' which will cost me 1000.00 . The support is also very expensive , too expensive to purchase a service plan for what is already a very expensive product . I would n't have even given it 1 star but there is no negative so 1 will have to do.The ONLY reason they have my business right now is that they can , in a way , handle multitiered customers .
 Documentation is so slim that setup tasks are possible only for the simplest arrangements . Setting up sub-accounts , for instance , is not explained . This is true for the setup guide , user 's guide , on-screen documentation , and online knowledgebase . I have found answers to only the most rudimentary questions but nothing for most of my questions . Furthermore , support usually takes an hour to connect and is only available Monday through Friday . Have you ever known an accountant whose most important questions come during regular business hours ? They work late and on weekends because they need to overcome problems.During my setup , each key stroke took 3 seconds for Peachtree to accept , although I 'm running a dual-core , 64-bit , 2GB system . Overcoming that limitation is the only solution I 've gotten so far , but even that took two days and three calls . Now to set up my company , but I 've had the software for more than two weeks and I have n't yet been able to complete that.I 'm so frustrated that I 've given Sage Software an ultimatum -- give me satisfaction -LRB- in two days because I 'm looking for answers on Saturday -RRB- or give me my money back .
 I have never experienced such frustration with a piece of software than that from this product . From the installation taking extremely long , bogging down resources , corrupting other pieces of installed software such as Access and SQL databases running at the same time as the Pervasive software installed with Peachtree , being incompatible with Symantec Antivirus Corporate Edition -LRB- A great product which my business has used for over ten years and not once been disatisfied -RRB- , being incompatible with the latest OS that is out at any given time , the most difficult upgrades for taxes -LRB- almost impossible in a multi user environment -RRB- , a built-in backup utility that does not allow you to backup your forms -LRB- only ledgers -RRB- , and having to pay for support that only results in their helpdesk telling me that if I were to purchase Peachtree Premium for both the server and each client -LRB- in the multi user environment -RRB- or for one single client with their own ledgers that the upgrade would `` most likely '' perform the repair that the repair function in the software I own is n't able to be successful at . DO NOT BUY . I am sorry for making this purchase and spending the money I have on the original product , an upgrade to Peachtree Complete , the Upgrade with Multi User , and the support plan .
 First and formost
 Well , besides the fact that it 's a gigantic install -LRB- we had to upgrade the RAM on our computers to 1 GB for this one -RRB- and grossly inefficient , it 's NOT compatible with Windows Vista . Tech support said I needed to buy the Premium version , which is completely overkill . I think it 's time to look at Quickbooks for our company .
 I purchased Peachtree Pro to use in my small business . Right out of the box , I am having problems installing the software . After three attempts to load it , I finally called Peachtree Customer Service and am in no better shape than I was before I called . After waiting on hold for greater than 30 minutes , I worked with a tech specialist for over an hour , but no resolution to the problem could be found . The main issue is `` conflicts with firewalls . '' Even with firewalls disabled , the program would not load . I have now wasted more than 6 hours and still do not have a reliable accounting program .
 I purchased the software for my small business with the intention of upgrading from quick books.The Peachtree software states it can convert data from a quick books file . I had numerous problems with this feature , leading to 3 calls to technical support which took way too long to resolve . I was on hold for at least 25 minutes for each call before someone answered my call.This combined with the fact that you only get a paltry 30 days of tech support before the company tries to sell you a service support plan shows an utter lack of regard for providing a quality product for customers.My data would not fully convert because I opted for the cash accounting method when using quick books , and peachtree requires a 4 digit account number for every blessed account and sub account and sub account of a subaccount.In short , the program is too rigid and ca n't be customized to give me what I want in an accounting platform . Service was lousy -- after a cumulative 2 hours on hold or on the phone with a support rep the problems were not resolved.I recommend against this software !
 A lovely program , if you want to pay a fortune to get their fancy formulas for computing payroll taxes -LRB- $ 259.00 year & no they do not prorate -RRB- All the tax charts in the world will not help you , as the formulas use only specific words -LRB- not regular spreadsheet computations -RRB- . If you want to track bills , invoice & inventory it might be okay , but there are better programs available for alot less .
 The folks who say Peachtree is NOT compatible with Windows Vista - ARE 100 % CORRECT . My company does software , networking , servers , etc. and Peachtree is by far the worst we 've seen . You can get it to run but it will be far from stable -LRB- read as
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 Users must activate this product with Xandros support in order to unlock some of the functionality of the product and receive critical product and security updates . Without product activation , users will not receive access to such updates . Should the user activate beyond a certain number of installations , they will be denied new activation codes until they have contacted Xandros support and explained themselves . Support may or may not then grant further activation codes.This activation system is currently not documented anywhere on the main Xandros website , and users are not alerted to it during the purchase procedure or in the End User License Agreement .
 It ok Linux for 2007 , it is not an option in 2010 as so many many things have been changed since ... at a moment of writing the current version is 10.04
 There is no Makeover , it sends you to another website where you have to pay $ 40 or more and plus , that website doesnt even work ! All in all , I was very disappointed ! Dont waste your $ or time !
 This is not deluxe as advertised but a sampler and will not work on windows xp . It says on the case for windows 97 ... When tried to use for the first time said it would n't play , error messages , not for windows xp as asvertised , and their customer compaint online limits you to 200 words/spaces . They sent the same exact item . This time i found a phone number . Could hardly understand the operator . As soon as he looked at picture and what I was saying , he said Oh yea I 'll have to tell them about this , that was a week ago , -LRB- Did email a ten dollar certificate as if I would trust them to order anything else -RRB- . Picture or ad has still not been changed and I 'm still awaiting refund . This was my first and last dealing with Amazon . I think it is a bait and switch ploy because most people wo n't follow up on it .
 system crashes , poor customter service , and if you try to reinstall the software it will use up a license , 3 strikes and you can not use it any more , even on the same machine , as in my case . this is one program for the trash can .
 Like so many other reviewers , I was a user of System Mechanic 6 and then I made the mistake of `` upgrading '' to System Mechanic 7 . The problems began almost immediately . I wo n't go into detail because it has all been covered by other negative reviews here , but I will add that everything negative that has been said is what happened to me . Tech support from this company is non-existent and consists of directing you to a download of instructions THAT DO NOT WORK . If you contact them more than once , they simply ignore you . You simply can not get rid of this software once it is on your computer , that 's the bottom line . In order to get rid of it I was forced to completely wipe out everything on my computer and reinstall my operating system -LRB- XP Pro -RRB- . Do I need to tell anyone what a nightmare it is to re-install programs , years worth of updates , and all your files ??? There may be one or two people who have not had problems with this software , but they obviously are in a very , very small minority of users . This software is a piece of junk . If I had n't upgraded so early , perhaps I would have been saved by reading reviews of this worthless product . I 'm now trying to save anyone else who is considering this ` product . ' I would stay away from anything this company produces . Do n't say we did n't warn you !! Amazon insists on a rating , so I was forced to give it one star , but it does n't deserve even that .
 I made the mistake of purchasing this piece of junk from Staples . Installed in on my Dell , and quickly lost all internet access . Despite repeated attempts to find solutions , I could not find any . Iolo was of NO help.After searching the internet and finding out that lots of other people had lots of seriious problems with this `` malware '' and could find no help from Iolo , I decided to uninstall it and try returning it to Staples . Staples basically told me , `` Too bad , it 's your problem . '' Great job of standing behind what you sell , Staples . Great job of creating junk , Iolo.Bottom line -- Do NOT buy this or any related Iolo product , and do NOT shop at Staples .
 I was so happy with System Mechanic v. 6 that I decided to buy it for my wife . When we went to buy it , v. 7 was available and I was excited to see how it could be any better than my v. 6 . While there I noticed that I could upgrade to v. 7 and did so at the same time I bought my wife 's copy . Oh , my gosh , what a nightmare we 've both had . My computer is trashed , slow , frustrating with problems.I wish I 'd never heard of System Mechanic 7 .
 This software has killed three installations of WindowsXP professional . Their product updates do not install properly and the updates 7.10 and 7.11 actually crashed my system three times > I was a fool and thought it could not be Sys Mech I have run this since Sys Mech 3 and loved the software , Sys Mech 6 was a good one with lots of control but now they dumbed it down for idiots automating a lot of control that you would want but it is so buggy my system now barely runs and since the firewall update 1.1.12 I can not get anti virus updates and my messenger service can no longer use video calling . They do now answer their customer support very quickly but is kind of useless when they refer you to their knowledge base articles with solutions that do n't work . Save the head ache and get something that works ??
 Iolo 's System Mechanic is a suite of utilities designed to keep your system running efficiently and free of clutter . I had been usingSystem Mechanic 3for a few years now and had been very happy with it . It contained many useful tools for maintaining the hard drive as well as for tweaking obscure Windows settings . I 'm not the sort who constantly upgrades ; it 's unnecessary and expensive . I 'd been ignoring the software company 's periodic email offers but an upgrade now seemed reasonable , as did the price at which they were offering it -LRB- half of retail . -RRB- I am glad I decided to test the trial version out first . This is not the first time I have found that not only are upgrades not always necessary , they are n't even always an improvement over the previous version.The first thing I noticed was that all of the functions have now been reduced to `` one-touch '' repairs . This sounds very convenient on the face of things but you do n't ever want a utility making changes to your system without letting you see exactly what it 's changing . For example , when the old System Mechanic would search for temporary files it would also find graphic template files -LRB- presumably because of the similar file extension . -RRB- This was n't a problem as it listed the files so that I could de-select the ones I wanted to keep . This version does not offer that opportunity . The most detail it will give you is the collective size of the files . You wo n't have any idea what it 's deleting , and you could be losing useful files . I found that at least two other applications were broken by this `` cleanup . '' One I had to reinstall , and the other fortunately had a repair option on it 's CD-ROM . Then there are the things that just do n't work at all . The first time you run System Mechanic 7 it will tell you that your registry has never been backed up . That was true ; it had n't , so I backed it up . Still , each subsequent time I ran the program it continued to tell me that I had n't backed up my registry . There is also an option to compact your registry automatically every fourteen days but this does n't work properly either . Instead of performing the task at the designated interval , it does it every time you boot up your computer . This takes several minutes and entails at least two full reboots.System Mechanic 7 will report that you have repairable security vulnerabilities , and then be unable to repair them -LRB- though it will keep notifying you of them anyway . -RRB- It will tell you that your available memory is low , but not that it 's at least in part due to System Mechanic 's own System Analyzer constantly running `` in the background . '' This application interferes with others now and again -LRB- music will stutter and halt intermittently -RRB- , and slows overall performance down , which seems to me to be the opposite of what it 's supposed to be doing . Why do you need something like this running all the time anyway ? You can tell System Mechanic to reallocate memory , but I 've not noticed any improvement after doing so . One more thing about the Analyzer
 I have become a tad cautious re the internet . Call me ` paranoid ' , but I use a range of -LRB- concurrent -RRB- cleaning and safety measures including AVG 7.5 -LRB- anti-virus -RRB- , Outpost Firewall v. 1 , AdAware SE Plus , Registry Mechanic 6 , SpyBot v. 1.4 , Disk Keeper Pro and PC Bug Doctor . Until recently , I also used the System Mechanic program - began with it in v. 6 and it worked fine in tandem with my other ` security and cleaning ' measures when it was upgraded to v. 7 . The problems , which turned out to be unsolvable , happened when it recently required an ` upgrade ' to v. 7.0.5 . The problems this upgrade created and IOLO tech support 's complete inability to understand or address the issues has caused me to uninstall their software and to write this cautionary review as a warning to others.For those of you unfamiliar with the System Mechanic program , it is actually a suite of sorts - on intended to provide a comprehensive analysis and repair shop for most common computer issue including spyware , disk fragmentation , registry errors , broken shortcuts , etc. . It begins by performing an analysis of all systems and recommending repair of them - the actual repairs need to be OK 'd by the user and activated manually - a good thing , generally . There is nothing it does that is not done as well by one of the other programs I mentioned in the opening paragraph , but each program finds things others miss - thus the deliberate redundancies.The upgrade/update to v. 7.0.5 is called for by the management screen of the program itself . I followed the update directions and created endless streams of repetitive Runtime errors -LRB- I have PLENTY of available memory - the lack of which is the most common cause of ` errors ' of this type . -RRB- It interfered with the functioning , as well , of many of my other programs - so I brought my machine back to the point prior to the update and , not finding any help on IOLO 's list of ` common problems ' on their ` help ' site , I emailed their tech support unit . In a total of four exchanges , I received - in reply to a detailed explanation of the problem from me , three ` automatic ' replies - containing links to ` solutions ' that were completely not-to-the-point . In desperation , I called them . After 40 minutes on hold , I spoke with a technician who had no idea why I was having these problems after the update , and asked me to take a ` snapshot . of my system and send it to him so he could analyze possible programmatic conflicts . I did so immediately.In response , I received yet a fourth email suggesting that the solution to my problem could be found at a specific link . Again , it could not . I let them know . Their final email back to me contained one sentence , clearly written by someone whose English is quite marginal and frustratingly ambiguous in it 's meaning , acknowledging that '' ... . some people HAVE had problems with this upgrade ... '' and that it has something to do with my printer . NO suggestions , no link , no nothing . I decided I had wasted enough of my time and threw in the towel.There is a lot of software out there that will help you keep you computer running smoothly and cleanly - without creating problems . System Mechanic 's newest v. 7.0.5 simply is not one of them . -LRB- Each of the other programs I mentioned functions flawlessly and I intend to continue with them . -RRB- IOLO products are well worth avoiding .
 First , do not expect any help from iolo tech support or customer support as they refuse to acknowledge a major issue . Maybe if you 're lucky , you will get an auto generated knowledge base article pertaining to something other than your question.So , this information has been gleaned from those of us unfortunate enough to suffer the BSODs and program hangs the hard way by attempting to run System Mechanic 7 . At boot this software runs a service called ioloDMVsvc.exe which dynamically drops mchlnjDrv.sys as a file and then starts it as a kernel mode device driver.Once the device driver is in place it hooks all applications upon startup and does a code insertion of the ioloHL.dll into their process space.Then ioloHL.dll stuffs up big time and gets itself into an endless loop . Using up all your CPU time.MchInjDrv.sys is part of 3rd party API hooking software development kit call madCodeHook from a guy called Mathias Rauen . It is used by rootkits and security software from companies that do n't know how to write their own device drivers or do n't have time to . It can be used for good or evil depending on the DLL being injected into other software.Want to put it on your system ?
 After searching the internet for a suitable replacement for Norton Utilities I landed on System Mechanic 7 and decided to give it a try . At first glance , the application has an almost bewildering array of functionality and submenus , many of which have to be hunted for to make any use of . Making a long story short , SM7 -LRB- and it 's `` upgrade '' to 7.0.5 -RRB- puts Norton to shame as a resource hog . My computer kept hanging up on shutdown , error messages reported by SM were spurious , and support was non-existent . I kept getting referred to their web site `` knowledge base '' for assistance . Bee Ess ! SM went into the virtual wastebasket . Steer WAY clear of this one .
 ... and IOLO ` support ' lacks the technical ability to understand and solve the problems it creates . Stay away from it . A complete evaluation of the product is posted separately by me here on Amazon .
 It does require a long detailed review . It 's simple . System Mechanic 7 is a complete loser . The software does not open 50 % of the time and then you have to reinstall it . Then it opens 4 times and wo n't open again . , , , , , ,
 What else can I add to these reviews?Just my own story -- and the fix I used to repair damage my PC incurred when I used System Mechanic to try to clean up the registry.System Mechanic left my system unable to connect to the internet either by Wi-Fi or through an Ethernet cable . I spent hours trying to fix it and the Windows System Restore would not work . I envisioned spending the entire weekend restoring files from my backup image plus all file and program updates since that image had been made.There was no tech support , except email , which I could not use because , well -- no internet connection . Fortunately , a Lenovo -LRB- I own a ThinkPad -RRB- tech support guy suggested I start my PC up in Safe Mode and try to go back to an earlier restore point while * in * Safe Mode . It worked , and I am writing this review on my ThinkPad . But if there were * negative * stars I 'd use them -LRB- instead of the one star I used -RRB- to rate System Mechanic .
 I 've downloaded the trial version of this software . My main goal was to help speed up my computer and at the same time make it more stable . That is what System Mechanic 7 advertises . I 've had it on my computer for just 2 weeks of the 30 day trial . The problem happened when my computer told me I had a corrupt file . I ran the SM7 and it found errors and supposedly fixed them . It showed that my computer was in good health and good security . The problem is when I rebooted Windows XP would no longer load up . I tried the recovery disk that they claim could fix the problems . The problem with that is their recovery disk in not a bootable disk . So I had to reinstall Windows XP to get my computer working again.So my advise for anyone looking for a software suite that fixes problems is to keep looking . This one is not worth the money if it ca n't keep your computer from crashing .
 After a very smooth installation of SM 7 I found that I could no longer connect to my LAN which had previously connected fine . This occurred on both lapptops running XP Pro SP2 . You will also have to reenter many of your previously saved online ID 's , usernames , and passwords . I spent hours trying to correct the connection problems , finally giving up and unstalling SM 7 . Two restarts later put my machines back to normal with connections to my BFFALO access point restored . I too , gave carte blanch permission for SM 7 to repair all problems . Just hope those repairs do n't jump up & bite my a. . later on .
 I am a long time registered user of iolo 's System Mechanics Pro product -LRB- i.e. 3 , 4 , 5 , currently 6 -RRB- and two days ago I decided to go with new version 7 . As I have a quite good user experience of previous versions I did not run trial version and bought it right away and installed it without hesitation.Well ... In a blink of an eye , all these wonder years went to shatters . After installation of SM7 Pro I could not play previously installed games as well as installation of new applications requires almost an acrobatic skills as autorun for setup file seems to shy away before almighty SM7 Pro . Although clicking on setup.exe file on CD/DVD media will give it a kick for installation process to finally proceed.Many options of SM7 take forever to finish the started process and occasionally freeze doing so.At first my thoughts were that there might be a conflict between antivirus and firewall I run and SM7 Pro . I had disabled Zone Alarm Pro and BitDefender but all in vain . SM7 Pro lives on its own.I gave iolo another chance and installed SM7 Pro on two other computers running Media Center and Server 2003 to see if the problem persist or is limited to my machine only -LRB- XP Home Edition -RRB- . Unfortunately problem persists to occur on all three systems . However , SM6 Pro works seamlessly on these systems . No problems what so ever and does a great job too.If you are looking for utility that does take care of slow downs , excessive clutter and a couple of more extra things like removing deleted file data consider previous version of System Mechanics which got all the bells and whistles and does not cause some applications from running properly.But if you are tech savvy and want something with the latest version number then look somewhere else . SM7 Pro will do you no good .
 A year or two back , I had a PC running System Mechanic 6 and I was happy . It worked great , did its job , and all was well with the world . Last summer I switched from PC to Mac . After I learned about Apple 's Boot Camp , I installed Windows Vista -LRB- Mac OS X is the superior OS , but Windows is like a lifelong friend I just do n't want to let go of -RRB- . Then , knowing that Windows on a Mac has all the same vulnerabilities of Windows on a PC , I remembered the good times I had with SM6 and bought a copy of System Mechanic 7 . Mind you , that right on the front of the SM7 box , it states `` Works with Windows Vista '' . It loaded just fine , updated to the latest version available from iolo , and ran perfectly after installation . It was all shiny and pretty , sleek and full of `` hey this is messed up but no fear , we can fix it , just press this button '' mentality . I ran the full scan and told it to fix all the problems . It told me it did , and that I needed to restart afterwards , which of course I did.After Vista rebooted , everything ran just fine and dandy ... except SM7 . Clicking on the icon to open the program produced a momentary thought process as indicated by the whirling wheel that formerly was the hourglass in XP , but then nothing . No program , no error message . Just nothing . Repeated attempts to open the program by various means proved fruitless . I chalked it up to a fluke and uninstalled the program , then reinstalled it . Again , the program loaded up fine after installation , and I ran the fixes , then restarted ... and then still , no more SM7 . It would simply not run after the first try and subsequent restart.I recently upgraded to the larger 24-inch iMac , which I bought from a guy who had already had Windows XP installed on it . I thought `` maybe for some reason it just is n't truly Vista compatible ... it 's got ta work on XP '' . So I installed it on XP , and again it ran fine after installation before the first restart . Then BAM , same result . The program simply will not run for me , either on Vista or XP.I have e-mailed iolo `` tech support '' -LRB- haha -RRB- 4 times now . I have received only one response , an automated , unhelpful item which simply stated that there was a new update for SM7 and I should download it . Which I did , without any results . What was funny is that while I left SM7 installed but not able to be opened , I would occasionally get messages popping up in my system tray telling me that there was new updates to download , and it would download them but still not run the program . Crazy!I envy those of you who have actually been responded to by this so-called tech support for iolo . I have finally had enough and advised them I will be filing a report with the BBB . I do n't know about any software other than SM6 and SM7 , but all I know is they had something good with the former and that the latter is an utter P.O.S. and you should stay away from it AT ALL COSTS -LRB- even if it 's free -RRB- . I will never buy another product of iolo 's again .
 I ordered this product based on the title , `` Portuguese , Level 1 '' . When it arrived it was `` Portuguese - Brazil '' , which is not at all the same language . There were other Rosetta Stone `` Portuguese - Brazil '' shown , so I had no reason to believe that regardless that it shows it as a different product , they were all the same . I was going on an important business meeting in Angola -LRB- where they speak Portuguese -RRB- and was totally unprepared . I immediately -LRB- within an hour -RRB- returned the `` wrongly advertised '' product , but over 3 weeks have passed and I have not received refund . Upon calling Rosetta Stone -LRB- because there is no way to call Amazon -RRB- they informed me that they do n't make a `` Portuguese '' version , even though they acknowledge that there are several countries -LRB- including Portugal -RRB- that use that language , where the only country that uses `` Portuguese - Brazil '' is ... you got it , Brazil . Misrepresented by Amazon ... Limited thinking by Rosetta Stone ... Unhappy customer .
 As another reviewer pointed out , this is NOT standard Portuguese . It is Brazilan ... which has a VERY different pronounciation and words . As Amazon listed several different Portuguese products , some labeled `` Brazilian '' and some not , that clearly indicated that the ones that were not labeled Brazilian should have been standard -LRB- continental -RRB- Portuguese . VERY misleading by Amazon . They should immediately label all of these products with a `` Brazilian '' label . I am very surprised they did n't do this after the very first compliant.In reading the first reviewer , I am shocked to see they contacted Rosetta Stone and they did n't even offer standard Portuguese ! After seeing the dozens of languages they offer , I ca n't believe they are mis-representing the Portuguese language that way.I just received it today and will be sending it back immediately .
 I bought and installed Pinnacle Studio 9 Plus years ago for a Windows 98 box , and more recently migrated it to a vanilla Windows XP dual-processor machine . That such unreliable software would be sold in a box amazes me . It consistently crashes at least once per hour on large -LRB- ~ hour -RRB- projects while I 'm editing . I 've learned to keep saving projects under new names so I can recover ! Right now , I 'm trying to render a 20 minute video , and it consistently hangs at one point . I 've had the hanging problem in the past on another video.The optional MPEG-4 rendering software -LRB- another $ 15 download -RRB- can not generate MPEG-4 videos viewable by QuickTime . The annoying part is that Pinnacle was happy to let me pay $ 15 to download it , with no hint that it was no longer supported nor would work with QuickTime.It popped up a screen tonight offering me an upgrade -LRB- for $ 99 -RRB- to a new version , which reminded me of the adage `` Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me . '' I 'm going to avoid the `` twice '' part and look elsewhere for video editing software .
 This software has serious memory problems . It can not run smoothly and froze my computer on a regular basis . If you buy , you have to spend time for rebooting your computer .
 When I tried to install this software it got part way through the process and then briefly displayed an error box and automatically started an uninstall without waiting long enough for me to read the error . Upon completion of the uninstall I no longer had access to any of my CD or DVD drives . It appeares that it corrupted the drivers . I had to restore my hard drive to get back into full operation . Pinnacle 's response was that I should uninstall all picture editing software , in particular , Roxio Media Creator . I have since upgraded to Adobe Photoshop Elements 4 and added Adobe Premiere Elements 2 , neither of which have a conflict with the Roxio software .
 Do not buy anything from Pinnacle . Their software deceptively leads you to believe that you need to purchase further programs to burn DVDs . I did so and got incorrect activation codes twice before requesting a refund which they have refused to give even though the product does not work and meets their advertised return policy . I have filed a formal complaint with the Federal Trade Commission for deceptive trade policies and knowingly offering defective products .
 If you want to spend time creating videos this is not the product for you . There is a reason that they are on Version 9 , 8 previous poor products and counting . Installation crashes are normal and product support people know nothing about the product . Every upgrade -LRB- you pay for -RRB- introduces new problems or takes away previous capability and applying their patches are risky at best.Don ' t buy it !!!!!
 Do not , under any circumstances , buy this software ! It has been a source of frustration from day one ! First , this software has serious memory problems . It can not run smoothly and froze my computer on a regular basis . The fact that I have a new Sony VIAO with all the bells and whistles , and the fact that subsequent video editing software run perfectly , has to point to an inefficient memory use by this software . Also , the videos that I tried to edit were your plain vanilla family trip clips , nothing extraordinary . Still this software could n't handle them.To add insult to injury , this software is full of locked features , yes even at that price ! For example , if you want MPEG-4 computability , you need to purchase additional drivers -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- . If you want to use MP3 files , you need to purchase additional drivers . MP3 ? Is n't that an industry standard ? Anyway the list of `` premium '' locked features goes on and on , even downloading the latest patch -LRB- 9.4 at the time of this writing -RRB- does n't help.There are other serious flaws with this software , primarily around burning the DVD 's . I ca n't fully report on these since unfortunately I only got to briefly sample these issues . Why you might ask ? Because my computer kept on freezing before I ever got to finish editing the movie ...
 It just does n't work up to even a quarter of what you think it will do.When it does work , it takes to to the `` pinnacle '' of a project , then either crashes , wo n't burn , or will burn with very messy results and will make you very sorry you spent money and time on this piece of garbage .
 I downloaded a free trial version of this product -LRB- all 500MB worth -RRB- thinking that I could quickly install it and try using it to burn a video file to DVD . The . avi file was previously captured using MS Movie Maker which unfortunately does n't have a Burn to DVD option . After spending about 30 minutes to install , I tried to start it up . I was immediately greeted with the product registration pages and was unsuccessful in getting past them . It repeatedly prompted for the product name and version , seemingly ignoring what I typed in ... After trying about 5 times , I gave up in frustration and ended up uninstalling the whole ! $ # $ @ package . What a piece of crap .
 I received this program when I purchased my computer last year . I worked with it for a year in total frustration . It gives the look and feel of a program that is at least 10 years old . It 's `` old school '' Windows.I buy programs that require the minimal amount of mouse clicks to accomplish the task . This program is NOT it ! The user has to do a lot of work to organize those recipes . I did n't realize just how poor of a program it is until I happened to come across a DIFFERENT program . WOW ! What a difference ! With my new program click , click and I 'm done !! I zoomed into the future overnight by buying a new program ! In a matter of hours I had 50 recipes installed and could have printed out a wonderful cookbook if I wanted to.I was going to upgrade this program , but he wanted $ 80 for the upgrade . That price is so rediculous ! Thank goodness for competition ! By leaving this company and finding a new program , I got a free trial and a new program that 's awesome , for $ 24.95 !!!! Please do n't waste a year as I did trying to get this program to be effecient . It will never happen . There are wonderful ones out there !
 I have had this program for a while . Entering the recipes is not a problem but saving them into another format to email ... well that is a problem . And , I would print out my recipes and it would say 1 cup ... . one cup of what ? It often deletes the ingredient leaving me guessing.Now for the best part ... my hard drive crashed and I asked for another download because I lost the program but still had the recipes on CD . I was told they do n't have this software anymore so I will need to buy the new program . I do n't want to buy the new program that is probably as bad as the one that I had . You ca n't tell me that this company does n't have my program somewhere in their archives to help me out .
 When you purchase Macintosh applications you expect the applications to carry forward the ease of use that you have come to expect form Mac 's . This product falls short of that goal . The user interface is very difficult to figure out on it 's own , and referring to the users manuals is of no use . The manuals only give repetitive and very basic info that is useless when you have a specific problem or question . I have Managed My Own Business for years just using Excel , I had hoped switching would make things simpler . The auto import feature for importing bank and credit card statements is a joke . From what I have heard from users of QuickBooks 5 is that they are no better off . Hey Apple how about your new app being iAccountant !
 I upgraded from v2 with great enthusiasm . All I got was the run around.An invoice that took 15 seconds to process on v2 takes 11/2 minutes toprocess on v3 . Called tech support to inquire about the problem , They said it should run faster than v2 , fax computer configuration . Did that twice . No answer . emailed my account file . One week latter , still were to busy to look at it . O yes , if you want to use multi-user platform you must buy another computer to act as the server only .
 This company is blind to the need to produce quality products and give good customer service . Firstly , the software is not customizable to the degree we in the Mac community have come to expect . For example , you can not even resize the windows . When asked why not , customer service tried to blame it on Apple saying that they had written my version , # 2 , before OS X was released . When asked if they had a fix for this bug the surly girl at `` customer service '' said that I would have to buy the upgrade for this `` feature '' . This is just one example of poor customer service -LSB- another is a minimum $ ... charge for help -RSB- . I say enough ... I 'm swiching , at great cost , to quickbooks .
 After much back-and-forth with Smith Micro tech support , I was never able to send or receive a fax . This software is not ready for prime time , and was a waste of my money .
 This software has majot bugs in that it will cut the bottom of your page also it will not discern letter from legal size of incoming fax and to make things worse , Smith Micro was aware of this problem at publishing time ...
 I spent several hours yesterday trying to install this program and never did get it running . It simply does not work consistently . It crashes Appleworks most of the time and when it does n't , it only successfully sends a fax about one in 6 tries . The rest simply vanish into the netherworld of lost data . I finally gave up and am going to try CoMa , Fax Express , eFax or one of the many others . Another reviewer had said this was the ONLY fax program available for OS X which is not true - there are several . I have n't had a chance to try any of the others yet , so ca n't give recommendations , but a quick Google search came up with quite a few . Tucows gives FaxExpress five cows , so that will probably be my first stop.In any case , I can not get this to work with the latest version of OS 10.2 . whatever -LRB- using the latest update from Smith Micro -RRB- and am giving up on Smith Micro ... I was able to use it -LRB- sometimes -RRB- under OS 10.1 , but even then it had problems . Another big disappoinment was the fact that I could not import my fax numbers from FAXstf for OS 9 -LRB- which is a real drag as I have hundreds of numbers in my fax phonebook -RRB- . It is integrated with the Apple Address book -LRB- rather then having it 's own phonebook -RRB- which is kind of funky as it makes for a lot of unneccessary steps . To send a fax , I have to scroll down the file menu to print , then go down the pop-up list to set the address , then open the address book , THEN click on the address I want and move it into the FAXstf menu . THEN , one has to set all the other preferences -LRB- like rather or not you want a cover letter or even something as simple as rather or not to put a 1 before long distance numbers -RRB- each and every time . It is a real pain not to be able to set general fax preferences and be done with it -RRB- . I used FAXstf for OS 9 for a long time and was very satisfied with it . It 's too bad their version for OS X is so lame .
 It is extremely hard to put into words how absolutely awful this program is . -LSB- ... -RSB- Not only does it NOT fax , but it crashes Mac OS X , it slows down the system to a crawl , it is missing over 500 features that were available in the previous version , it is clunky & unintuitive , it is completely bug-ridden from beginning-to-end , and it is a complete nightmare . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 While I enjoyed the free-trial version of this product , having inserted the software disc into the computer quickly became a nightmare . I was not given a license number to even allow me to go beyond a set-up screen . I also could not register the product and received no helpful information from ArcSoft , or whoever designed this software . With all the online manuals on their site for each product , one did not exist for Panorama Maker 4 . I purchased and chose to have the actual software mailed instead of downloading , since the free-trial version refused to work the first time I attempted to use it . Definitely do not buy any ArcSoft products .
 Each month I take a series of pictures on the walls of a three sided room -LRB- 180 degrees -RRB- off of a hallway for an art gallery web site . The result I want is a horizontal sliding picture , this program stitches the pictures into one non sliding picture and it also distorts the picture where the wall turns 90 degrees with an unusable result.I went to Arcsofts FYI page and others had the same question as to this result and were told that future updates would correct this and in fact make a sliding picture.I keep checking for an update and so far none , so the program does nothing for me .
 CAUTION , be forewarned by my experiences
 I own a e-commerce site created with ShopFactory ver . 5 and would like to express my experience with this tool.ShopFactory will do if you have a small e-commerce site but when you need to insert a lot of products and images -LRB- I have over 1700 products and 4000 images in 4 languages -RRB- ShopFactory becomes hell.What you need to know about ShopFactory and they do n't tell :1 -RRB- ShopFactory does not create a database driven website . Instead it creates html-files . Not necessary bad , however if you edit one single word -LRB- e.g. mistyping -RRB- in a department , ShopFactory recreates the whole site in all languages . This means that it will need to upload all files -LRB- in my case over 8000 -RRB- because the new created files have a date stamp which is more recent than the ones on the web , although their content did not changed . The build in file transfer utility ca n't even do this job because it has not a timeout prevention build in . So I needed to buy a good and fast FTP software that uploads at night . You can imagine that the whole process is time-consuming .2 -RRB- If you add pictures , ShopFactory will remember the complete path . You do n't tell ShopFactory the path of the folder you put your images in , no , ShopFactory will use the complete path including the driveletter . This means that ShopFactory is not verry suitable to use on a network and does not allow you to move your images to another location -LRB- e.g. : if you would like to reorganise your system -RRB- unless you agree to relink all your images . -LRB- in my case over 4000 -RRB- Can you imagine how time-consuming this is ? 3 -RRB- ShopFactory comes loaded with bugs . For example
 I 've been using MYOB Accounting Plus for two years -LRB- started with version 10 -RRB- and I 'm getting tired of its inadequacies . It was a huge step up from Peachtree and One-Write Plus as far as program stability and networking , but it still does not suit my needs.Pros : - Great stability , never crashes or causes data loss-Works well with a small network -LRB- additional -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- license fee per workstation applies -RRB- - Easy to learn and operate-Really neat customer support website that looks like it might help a few peopleCons : - Must upgrade to newest version each year if using payroll functions -LRB- upgrade fee is about -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- less than full price of latest version -RRB- - Customer service is separated into two groups ... those who ca n't really help you with your problem but they can sell you some business forms and those who refer you to group one.-Need help ? -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- per year will allow you to get technical support , but do n't expect much . They basically read out of the user 's manual for you.-Business forms are proprietary so no more free W-2s from Uncle Sam ... expect to pay -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for something that should be free with your yearly -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- upgrade-MYOB claims it provides custom financial reports ... I suppose if you call changing color schemes and fonts `` custom . '' Expect to print out two or three reports to get the information that should be included in one report.-Back to stonage bookkeeping when it comes to finance charges or discounts . Do you have customers that pay late or early ? Might as well figure those finance charges by hand because MYOB does not keep track of them . And discounts are n't kept track of on the statements ... I have to write mine in by hand.Overall : MYOB is a great package for small businesses that have 100 or fewer customers and a dozen employees . If you look for your business to grow then this package might impede that progress unless you can overlook the minor problems . Expect to work harder than the MYOB software package does .
 Although the Monitor calibration works great -LRB- Spyder & OptiCAL -RRB- , I did not receive the ProfilerPLUS printer profiling software . Instead , the package I received included PhotoCal , which I believe is a subset of OptiCAL . When I brought this to the attention of Amazon , they offered me a 10 % credit -LRB- $ 26 -RRB- to live without ProfilerPlus , an application that Amazon sells separately for $ 100 . I 'm not sure if this was just a one-time mistake or an error with this listing , but amazon was n't much help in clearing this up .
 This thing may work , but I could n't figure out how to use it . It comes with two different software applications that work totally different and it 's not clear which one you should follow . Maximum PC said the same thing in their review . If they could get someone to write a decent manual , it may be worth it . Also , when I returned it , Amazon was going to charge me a $ 100 restocking fee , even though it was sent back exactly as it came . I complained and they backed off .
 I was not happy with this version of Jeopardy . I had had an older version and liked it better . The same catagories and questions keep coming up in the newwer version . The older one I seldom had repeats , the catagories had a much bigger selection of questions .
 If you have Windows Me , THIS WILL NOT WORK ON YOUR COMPUTER !!! While other game programs , such as Chessmaster 2000 , Tachyon
 This game is almost impossible to win . I 've played over 16 games and it 's too hard . The game needs some more work and it gets really boring after a while because the questions are really difficult and they give you so much time for every question .
 Actually , there is a patch for this game online that supposedly fixes the Jeopardy game for use with Windows ME . Unfortunately , I ca n't get the patch to work , and the game still locks up at a certain point before game play begins . The patch can be found by going to www.hasbrointeractive.com and following the links to product support .
 Amazon advertised PHOTO-PAINT 9 but vendor sells PHOTO-PAINT 8 . I did not know I was buying froman `` eBay grade '' seller with no connection to Amazon . Lesson , only buy from Amazon and never buy from sellersusing the good name of Amazon .
 Having researched Linux products for over a year , we decided to give SuSE Office Desktop a spin recently when one of MS 's Windows `` security updates '' completely hosed our PC . Note that the Microsoft automated CRITICAL security download stated that all went fine and rebooted our PC into HELL ! Lost dial-up , scrambled app software , and a bunch of other crap ... typical everyday experience with Windoze !!! So SuSE Office Desktop was ordered . Much effort was invested in confirming all hardware and software was compatible . The enclosed Acronis 8.0 was installed to re-size the W2K NTFS partition so SuSe Office Desktop could be installed for a dual-boot system as recommended by SuSE . Unfortunately as many other SuSE customers have discovered , Arconis 8.0 does NOT function properly and would NOT properly resize our NTFS partitian though it did create the required FAT16 partitian for installation of SuSe Office Desktop . You need to be EXTREMELY careful when using Acronis as it tried to completely wipe-out our Windoze partition and all of our data . Had we accepted the default settings , as SuSE STRONGLY recommends , all of our Biz data would have been TOAST !!! If you read other SuSE reviews here you will see SuSE customers who DID lose all of their Windows files , data , programs , etc. due to this flaw in Acronis.Eventually after MUCHO hassles we were able to install Office Desktop on a NEW , dedicated hard drive we bought just for Linux , and installed . Unfortunately SuSE 's installation routing could NOT detect a standard US Robotics 56K modem nor a standard ethernet network , both of which function under Windoze without problems , prior to the `` security update '' . So after -LRB- 12 -RRB- frustrating , wasted hours we have SuSE half-way installed but it 's of little value without e-mail and Net access.We use YaST2 to try and manually install the modems with no luck . We reviewed all the info . in the SuSE manual and on their website , which was virtually useless . So in desperation to get this software fully installed we call SuSE to find that the only way to obtain Tech Support is by going online and registering our product . How do you do that when neither modem installed with SuSE ??? So we gain acess to a Windoze based PC and register our SuSE Office Desktop product . Then we call again for an hour before we actually get thru to SuSE 's `` tech support '' . They confirm our software is now registered . We explain the installtion problems and that their Quick Start Instructions do NOT agree with the PC screens , etc. and request installation of the modem/network . SuSE advised that there is absolutely NO Tech SUPPORT for installation of these items , despite the fact we paid $ 100 for the full Retail package that specifically comes with Tech Support.Since we do not have the time nor the interest to learn how to become Linux programmers and SuSE 's products are clearly NOT ready for Prime Time based on any number of reviews , SuSE is out and in the trash as of today ! We figure that between lost productivity from the botched installation , efforts to manually install the modem/network with YaST2 which does not work , wasting out time registering and calling SuSE tech support , removal of this crap that SuSE calls a `` a simple , easy installation '' , etc. plus the cost of the new hard drive and the non-usable SuSE Office Desktop software , SuSE has cost us no less than $ 4,000 this week . It would have been MUCH less painful to just toss hundred dollar bills in an open fire than to endure the abuse and arrogance that SuSE displayed in our phone conversation.You REALLY wan na think TWICE before buying this software . If you read independent online reviews of SuSE Linux distros , skip the flowery praise and take special note of all the hardware issues even experienced Linux users had with SuSE products , some of which they could not correct at all.BUYER BEWARE really , really applies with SuSE 's current products in our personal experience . All I can say is we wo n't get fooled again ! This was a $ 4,000 learning experience which showed us that SuSE ca n't be trusted despite the claims on their website and product box . The word FRAUD comes to mind ...
 Alright , where to begin ... This is hands down the worst program I have ever seen . It has no business being on the shelf.Here 's the progression after you buy it ... 1 . Spend $ 30 , excited to get home to try it2 . Install it3 . On startup , have the program tell you that you need at least 80 MB of free space on your hard drive and that you do n't have that much so it might be unstable . Except . . hmmm ... I have 8000 MB of free space . I think this is just a standard error it will popup for people without alot of computer experience to make them think the total disaster coming is their fault somehow .4 . Disregarding the false error message , you start using the software . Impossible to use . Add a fence , have half of it underneath the ground even though you are on even terrain . Watch your shapes get distorted without you changing a thing . Wonder which cartoonist they hired to draw the images you saw on the box -LRB- they were surely not created with this software -RRB- . And you think , well , I must be doing something wrong here . So you spend alot of time trying to figure out exactly how to do things correctly figuring you are using a touchy piece of software . Only to realize , 10 hours later , that there is no way to do things correctly . I would be immensely surprised if the programmers of this program could even make a simple backyard layout .5 . I am an engineer by profession and use Solidworks , autocad , and ProEngineer . I figured this would just be a dummed down version of those that was geared towards making a backyard layout simpler than it would be in those programs . NOPE !!!! Sad to say , it would be easier for even a complete computer novice to learn a full fledged CAD program than this heap . At least the full fledged CAD programs make sense in and of themselves , and do not crash every 5 minutes.PLEASE DO NOT BY THIS SOFTWARE . It is an insult to you as a consumer . Please take your $ 30 and go buy graph paper , a tape measure , and a pencil . It will be far more useful .
 Ok so my friend lets me install this program on my computer in hopes that I can teach HER how to use the program . I 've been using it for ONE room and it works great ! The rendering is amazing as it let 's you adjust time of day and such -LRB- very cool feature -RRB- . However , now I am doing her house for her -LRB- as she does not have time to do it herself and this program is annoying to her ! -RRB- . I 've placed lawns , walkways , driveways -LRB- which does not let you FLIP triangles or truly alter the rectangles to a trapezpoid -RRB- , the lot she lives on is quite large and when I go to the Design Center tab , the system CRASHES ! If you want to add `` steps '' to your porch -LRB- yeah ... CONCRETE `` HARDSCAPE '' -RRB- you have to go to the design center . You can only add landscape and hardscape and terrain in Space Plan view ! Silly feature!I am now trying to put a driveway down and I now get this message `` Boundary paths for the feature cross over each other '' . WHAT ? There is NOTHING there ! What is overlapping ? So , another bug in system.Now , onto the `` accessories '' . Now , we all know most people are VISUAL people . I tried to place items on the countertops -LRB- breadbox in this case -RRB- ... what the heck is it doing hanging out 12 '' above the counter ? It wont snap to the counter ! So I e-mailed tech support ... and like so many others commenting on Total 3d Home , they do n't answer . Sad thing is , they have a contract with Microsoft ! Go to their site and see for yourself ! I guess Microsoft wants to certify this piece of poo of a product ... sad ! Shame on Bill Gates ! So unless you plan on doing ONE room and only one room , -LRB- not the entire LOT -RRB- do n't get this program . If you have patience , get AutoCAD and MAYA and do your rendering in Maya ... -LRB- which is a program with MORE bells and whistles than you can ever imagine ! -RRB- . Also I e-mailed tech support asking why they did n't throw in a tab where you can CREATE or DESIGN your own furniture . I e-mailed it 2 weeks ago ... the furniture in the program are ... can we all repeat after me `` Brady 's Bunch '' ... yeah ... sad!So I hope I have SWAYED people from purchasing this piece of FRUSTRATION from their lives . I do n't care that they now have Version 8 which gives you `` Colored items '' and `` Colored layout '' and `` Colored symbols '' all I read is `` pretty '' and `` useless '' in the same sentence.Did I mention you CAN NOT type the length of the walls in ? You are forced to click and drag and click `` info '' for the information on the wall ... really this program is as useful as pee pot these days ! Sorry ... but we have toilets now ! To Individual ... SHAME ON YOU ! Taking money and never giving support ! Really ... SHAME ! Tsk tsk ...
 Do not buy this program ! It is a waste of time and money ! By the time you figure out how to build a house , create terrain , etc , you will not have any time to landscape . I bought it , and threw it in the trash four days later!I will never buy any software from this company !
 evidently the problems with version 6 -LRB- and 5 and 4 and 3 -RRB- are n't resolved in Version 7 . I 've had this thing 1 day and it 's crashed 4 times ! Actually `` crash '' is n't the term , since it just goes away . No error messages , no warnings , just closes out . I have n't been able to relate the problem to any action on my part - I seem to be doing different things each time it bombs . Looking to return it .
 I 'm doing my good deed for the day . Do n't buy this . Believe only the 1-star reviews . We 'd all rate it lower if possible.My installation was flawless , but this program constantly crashes for no apparent reason with no error messages given . It also frequently and randomly moves or loses objects you may have positioned or added hours ago so you must constantly tweak positions of walls , cabinets , windows , etc. , or add them back to the design after the program somehow loses them . It also has a very awkward and limited control layout which almost never allows you to do what a program like this should be able to do . Run away from this unless you 're a software masochist .
 Everything BAD that has been said already is accurate and I wish I would have reviewed the comments before purchasing.BAD -LRB- 1 star is too much -RRB- !! - It has near-child-like renderings - Slow to perform most tasks - Hard to work with as you progress in your design - Great for square home/rooms but forget anything else - Once you get 4 + rooms the programs lags - Some objects take 12 tries to delete if at all - Error messages are useless and vague -LRB- easier to start over -RRB- - CRASHES for no reason and at random times with no warning - No helpdesk to help - NOTHING on the box is as it depicts - Llacks critical objects -LRB- electrical , HVAC , etc. -RRB- but has 2 million tile colors - Roof design is poor and not flexible - Plan will not open once it reaches certain size -LRB- 9 + rooms -RRB- - Training video is weak , no manual , left to play to learnSave yourself time , money , and frustration , buy another product or nice pencil/paper set .
 Designing my own house has always been a dream so I jumped in with this program . I purchased this product 06/03/05 . What a mistake ! Disc 1 & 2 installed okay but hung on disc 3 . Nothing in the manual about installation problems , I went to their web site and found a comment about a conflict with McAfee . I disabled my virus software and the program installed successfully . I did have to manually delete all the files that had installed with disc 1 & 2 ; since the program had never fully installed , there was n't an option to uninstall.Everything started off fine except I made the mistake of not saving . I changed tabs from Walk Through to Space and the program shut itself down . I started again , saving frequently . When I went to Walk Though , I continually got error messages that I was missing exterior walls . I checked and rechecked . Everything was where is should be but continued to get the messages . However , when I did the walkthrough , there was a wall missing though on the plan it showed `` solid . '' Where I had railings , the walkthrough showed solid walls though the design tab showed railings . Something as simple as placing a clock became a major endeavor , I would place in mid-wall and it would auto-move it to a corner . As the plan got more complex , the system lagged until it almost came to a stop . I shut down virtually every program my system did n't need thinking there was maybe a conflict and it still would n't open . I have 384MG , a 40G hard driver and 1Gmz processor speed so I more than met the system requirements.When I went back to update my plan , I open the program and when I clicked on Open a Saved Plan and clicked my plan , the screen hung , went white then went `` unresponsive . '' I repeatedly tried to get into my plan to no avail . I then thought to be sneaky and go in through Create a New Plan which opened fine . I then tried to access my plan through this screen and again the program went white and died.I went to Individual Software 's web site and this version , 7.0 , is n't even listed . I looked in v4 and v6 which are not suite programs but there was little or nothing of any use.I sent an email outlining my difficulties including 2 phone numbers and 2 email addresses where I could be contacted . I did n't receive so much as a canned email response stating my problems were being addressed . I then contacted their tech support via their 800 line . After suffering through the voice system , the only technical support offered was use the automated system or leave a message for a tech support person . Speaking to a live person was n't even an option ! I did leave a message and have still not been contacted in any way . I then tried the automated system and the only two options offered were how to set your color and how to uninstall and reinstall the program . I also tried customer service rather than tech support and the most they could suggest was calling tech support and holding for the next technician . It took 2 or 3 tries to make them realize there was no technichain , only voice mail.I found the plans simplistic and almost childish , the basic furnishings very limited and the actual program to be a total disaster . The only saving grace about this program is that the retailer , Staple 's , is willing to take it back with a full refund . This program does n't even deserve ONE star .
 The program is terrible . Graphics are aweful . This is not at all user-friendly . Walkthroughs are difficult . And I ca n't for the life of me figure out how to rotate to delete the staircase I put in . Do not waste your money or time on this product
 I bought the Total 3D Home about 5 years ago and had several problems with it -LRB- different computer , operating system etc -RRB- . The other day my husband brought home the Total 3D Home & Landscaping 7.0 and I thought ` Maybe they 've worked out the bugs , let 's give this a try ... ' Not only did this program have the same problems as the earlier version , it has more !!! I will add furniture , cabinets , landscaping etc. . . to my plan , and when I do the `` walk through '' most of these items are floating in the sky , rather then sitting in the house . For example , I did a walk through of my kitchen and found some cabinets and my dishwasher missing . When I walked `` outside '' the items were floating above the house . When I attached items to my outside deck , it was the same thing ; the grill is sitting on the roof and the lawn furniture is floating in the sky.The program also causes my computer to freeze up and I end up having to reboot ; it 's very annoying.This program is a disappointment and a waste of time and money . The concept is awesome , but it does n't work with this product . I will NEVER buy another Total 3D program .
 My installation went without a problem . I can start laying out my house after watching the video tutorial . Everything went smoothly after a few rooms were layed out . Things start to become slow and non-responsive after that . I have a AMD 3500 + cpu , 1 gb of ram and nvidia 6800 gt card so I do n't think it is my machine . The application will disappear in front of you from time to time -LRB- they are really thoughtful to provide an auto save ` feature ' -RRB- . When you re-open a plan you have worked for hours the other day , the program will spin with 97 % cpu usage and refuse to open up your plan.Bottomline , if you want to design a room or two , buy this . If you want to create a house , forget it .
 I got the software as a present . I was happy -LRB- For A Bit -RRB- until I tried to install it . I started with the DVD version to install , but it froze at 96 % complete and allow me to uninstall . I installed the CD version , cool . I tried to use it and created a plan and saved it and could not reopen the plan . I created another and the computer froze up . Everything else would work but the plans would not . I spoke to some other techs and checked my system . My computer exceeded all requirements and I located a patch for the program at the companies site . I thought I was ok . Guess again . Same problems again . I tried to uninstall the program but received errors stating missing install logs . The only way to get it off my computer was to do a full system restore . Needless to say I Am Upset . This product is not worth any price they put on it
 This software would not install . When prompted to insert install disk 3 , I do so , and the install program does not recognize the disk as disk 3 . I returned the software for an exchange and the new copy did the same thing . I have returned the software for a full refund .
 I purchase this software to replace Sierra 3D Home Design , which is a pretty good software but lacks upgrade at their website . Anyway , i purchase Total 3D Home & Landscape at COMPUSA and went home to install it . That is when my nightmare began . I spent over 5 hours trying to install and i would not load , it would instead freeze the PC . I tried every possible way . I then taught maybe my PC was n't working or the drive and tried to clean it , scan it with an antivirus , but nothing would work . So the next day i tried to return it at COMPUSA but they do not accept returns for software so i had to get an exchange . To play it safe thinking that my drive was at fault i even purchase a new DVD ROM / CDRW drive . I spent a lot of money just to use the software . I went home and install my drive and tested it . The drive work fine , my PC work fine - by the way my PC is -LRB- a dell 8600 with the latest features -RRB- . Finally i tried installing the Total 3D software and again NOTHING . After 5 hours of trying to install and having my PC freezing and crashing I 'VE HAD ENOUGH . I 'm so piss . I 'm going to return the software back to the manufacture .
 When attempting to install on my WinXP PC the Autorun file crashes . Installation starts from the Setup file but halts with a Corrupt File indication partway through . Individual SW provided a replacement disks which exibited the same problem . The same software loads OK on other PCs , both Win2000 and WinXP however not on mine . On the other PC I noticed a problem placing landscape fences on uneven terrain is still not fixed . After saving and reopening the landscape , part of the fence is floating above ground and part is buried in the ground . So this is not a worthwhile upgrade from Ver 4 even if it does install .
 This software is fine for altering digital pictures if you do not have any other programs , but if you want to make exciting slideshows , this software is very basic and not user-friendly . I had technical problems from the start . You are better off using MS Powerpoint than this software .
 this software never worked after installation using the cd i bought it ask me to extend my preview '' your preview using this feature has expired to continue using purchase the full version today `` I have tried to contact the seller in vain . This is very unfortunite for such people to continue hacking customers money with under rated products
 Somewhere amongst a 60 day trial of the deluxe edition is a very crippled and lame version of photo album 6 . The windows built in utility is miles better and faster.THIS IS A POOR ATTEMPT BY AMAZON TO SELL US TRIAL WARE . I am very unhappy with this purchase . I will watch for this trick a little closer in the future .
 This program installed fine , except when i went into the program , it would n't let me put a single DVD on it . It says it is CSS encripted . Did you know that the only DVDs thar r not CSS encripted are home videos .
 Did n't install correctly for me due to a very poor installation program . Once installed , it usually would n't run , and when it did it did n't do much . Uninstalled it and tossed the disc in the trash.I 'll reuse the box it came in .
 I dident recogonize my 30GB movie Ipod , I lost it and got angery , buying Ipods soft ware is nothing but a crock of poop , because of monoply & Itunes this software is dis truthfull to consumer like u , beacarefull , zero other items in box , but CD thats all , worth holly crapinggggggg
 The Norton Firewall for Mac is NOT compatable with the newest Mac 's Intel Processors . There is no obvious way to know this until you buy the item , find it does not install , and work your way through the maze of Symantec documents to find the relevant information . Using Live Update does not help , as the program is not updatable for the Intel Processors . I presume it may work with the Mac 's that DO NOT have the Intel Processor but still use the updated Mac OS X operating system , but I have no experience with that .
 All of Macromedia 's propoganda says that Contribute is so great because it is simple . That is true , it is very simple . It 's just like a basic word processor with FTP built in . But if you think Contribute will suffice as a single product for maintaining even the most simple of websites , you are wrong . * You ca n't do ANY file maintenance with Contribute ; so plan on buying an FTP program if you want to clean-up your server and remove old files . It is humanly impossible to delete a file on your server using Contribute . Once you 've uploaded something , all you can do is edit it . You can not remove it . * You ca n't resample an image in Contribute -LRB- unlike FrontPage and others , which let you resample images after you resize them -RRB- . If you put a 2MB photo on your page and drag the borders to resize it into a tiny photo the size of a postage stamp , you will still have a 2MB file . No big deal if you just want a photo or two on your site , but if you are trying to build a family photo album with hundreds of thumbnails like I was , this is a showstopper . Absolutely infuriating . So again , if you buy Contribute , plan on buying photo editing software too.I wish FrontPage was compatible with Mac , because I would just buy that , even though it 's far from perfect too . I wish I could tell you what the best web editing solution for Mac is , but I think I can say with a fair degree of certainty that it 's not Contribute .
 When I bought this game , I thought I was getting the classic arcade version of Centipede that I always enjoyed playing . But this is a tricked-out 3D version that shares only the name with the original Centipede . I loaded it on my computer , played for about 15 minutes , then never went back to it . Forgot how much I disliked it the first time and loaded it on another computer , then remembered why it was sitting on the shelf . If you are looking for Centipede like you remember it from the arcade game , this is not it .
 System requirements for this game include Windows XP . It loaded up fine , but would produce a blank screen when I tried to run the program . I went to the Atari website where the FAQs advised that all programs running in the background would have to be closed . This means I would have to drop my virus scanner and firewall in order to play the game and I was unwilling to do so since I have an always-on connection.I loaded , uninstalled and reloaded this program twice . It TOTALLY messed up my McAfee Security Center 6 program which -LRB- after multiple contacts with McAfee support -RRB- eventually required that I uninstall , and reload McAfee . I had to do this twice , once after each installation of Scrabble . Needless to say there will not be a third time.I went to the Atari website and wrote a question to Atari tech support over a week ago and they have not replied.Given the problems that it caused with McAfee , the fact it would not run , and the fact that tech support has not responded in over a week to my query , I would not recommend this program to anyone using an always on connection and firewall/virus scanner and would not recommend it to XP users as well .
 My son bought Infogrames/Atari/Hasbro Scrabble v2 .0 for me as a gift . The game has a faulty copy protection scheme - it requires the CD to be in the drive to play , but then fails to recognize that the CD is present . I spent hours trying to get this game to work because I did n't want my son to feel bad about the gift he gave me.Infogrames tech support was worse than useless -LRB- their toll support number is disconnected , they take 4-5 days to respond to email and advise you to reconfigure your entire computer to play the game - worse , the game still did not work after following their advice and removing all TSR 's , changing the start up routine , changing video settings , etc -RRB- . I finally downloaded a noCD program for GameCopy.com and was able to get the game to start , but it then would produce a black screen and hang the computer -LRB- cold boot required -RRB- . At that point I cut my losses and threw the thing out.If you do n't believe me , check out the online knowledge base at www.infogrames.com - the list of potential problems and proposed solutions for this game is extensive -LRB- and none of the solutions worked in my case -RRB- . It may be cheap , but that only means it 's not worth the time and effort to return it for a refund !
 I expected to play Scrabble on the Scrabble , but instead I had to brush my browser arrow all over the screen , like a window cleaner , to get it to change . Then when I finally did get the scrabble board , part of it was hidden off the top of the screen . Hasbro advised that my Dell Celeron 3800 was sufficient for the job , but maybe the Windows Me does n't quite fit Scrabble 2 . I regretfully had to send it back . So if you have Windows Me , be prepared to be disappointed .
 I received my new Scrabble at Christmas and I 've not used it yet . When I hit play , my screen goes black and an error message comes up . -LRB- I have a new computer . -RRB- I 've e-mailed many times and tried calling -LRB- the phone number included with the instructions is not valid -RRB- but I 've not received any support . However , they did send a response when I registered on-line - go figure .
 I purchased Scrabble V2 .0 about eight months ago . Despite its quirks - computer challenges on words that are in its own online dictionary but `` winning '' the challenge anyway - it did help me greatly improve my score when playing with friends . I know that the ranking system in the CD is also far from accurate.Problem is , however , that there no longer is customer support for this product even though it 's listed as having it . After I reinstalled W95 , I encountered a problem running the game . The problem had nothing to do with the well known colors issue . Online support did n't respond and their help line never puts you through to a real person . So , my Scrabble game is useless - just a warning for others considering purchasing the game.Buyer beware .
 I am an avid scrabble player and play at the expert level . My computer has all the components necessary as listed in the instructions . However , after loading I was not able to successfully set options in v. 2 . When I called to get help , I felt like I was running around in circles . The telphone number kept me in a loop and I was unable to contact a human being . E-mails were to no avail . E-mail addresses were changed ; e-mails were never answered . I always received an electronic response that said how much the company cared about its customers , but that obviously meant nothing . The old version is far from perfect , but at least I can use it . My advice , do n't buy v. 2 .
 I had enjoyed an earlier version of this game and given it to a friend . I was looking forward to this new version , could load it , but when I tried to play , the computer froze . The tech support number -LRB- not a toll-free call -RRB- , apparently -LRB- the operator checked -- no conversation -RRB- takes their phone off the hook during ` operating hours ' and gives instructions via robotic recording during other hours . E-mail was minimally responded to -- acknowledged , that 's all . I have long distance phone charges and shipping charges to pay for returning this game that probably was defective to begin with . I wo n't buy another Hasbro product .
 My son loves these games and we have many of them . I would be interested in purchasing this IF I knew which games were included
 I put in a lot of hours playing Stratego as a kid . With the goal of searching through a board filled with different ranking army members to capture the enemy 's flag , Stratego contained the right amount of pure strategy with just enough luck that a well placed bomb could easily turn the tide . I would have loved to have seen a reputable conversion of this classic . Unfortunately , Hasbro , in their zeal to cash in on the popularity of board games , rushed this problematic hunk of junk out the door so quickly that it 's virtually unplayable.First of all , this game was made in 1998 , so the graphics are pretty chunky and clunky . Secondly , and this is a huge problem , they made it so you are unable to tell any of your pieces apart ! Remember all those pieces you have on the board ? Now you have to remember the ranks of all of your pieces as well as the enemy . This problem could have easily been solved by displaying the ranking as you mouse over your individual pieces , but nope ! Makes too much sense.Third , were n't the highest ranking members # 1 , # 2 , and so on respectively ? I 'm certain the miner was # 8 in rank . Well , in this version the numbers are backwards -LRB- ! -RRB- Now your miner is a # 2 and your top ranked marshal is a # 10 . So now not only do you have to remember the numerical rank of all your pieces , you also have to remember them backwards.Are you starting to get the feeling none of the developers have ever played this game before?This feeling will be confirmed once you play against the computer . The A.I. is so incredibly bad that it will put its top ranking pieces on the front line , charge your line , but wo n't attack anyone unless they move . My first game against the computer my scout spotted the top ranked # 1 -LRB- err ... # 10 -RRB- piece on the front line . It then came straight at me and sat there until I sent my spy over to kill him . Well , that was easy . And when you charge the computer it gets even better . Just send one of your top ranked pieces over . One by one it sends lower ranked pieces at you and it 's not until it gets right next to your top ranked guy that it `` remembers '' how tough your guy is . As soon as the computer moves away from you , chase it down and kill it . Tough game , eh?Unlike the other reviewers , I was able to get it to work on Windows XP , but even at a bargain bin price this game is a joke . One was all it took for me to hit the uninstall button . So take it from me , your Amazon spy , drop the bomb on this game and send it to the trash can it came from . What a waste .
 I love the board game and was excited to find the PC game . It loaded fine but will not run on my computer -LRB- a dual-xeon system with XP Pro sp3 -RRB- .
 I used to be Pinnacle user for almost five years . Unfortunately I should admit permanent degradation of quality and customer service at this company.I bought USB-700 , because Pinnacle claimed both PAL and NTSC support for it . If you know , USA and Europe use different color and frame rate format for TV signals . I have lot of material in PAL format.Support for PAL and NTSC is claimed bold - it is printed right on the product box , not to mention Pinnacle web site and technical characteristics published at the most online stores.Unfortunately page 204 -LRB- ! -RRB- of documentation booklet notifies you that in North American version PAL support is disabled . Well , `` disabled '' . And this is , of course , can be normally discovered only after product is installed -LRB- and registered , and License Agreement is accepted -RRB- - unless you have read 200 pages of supplied documentation before . Nice trick . Way to go , Pinnacle ... I decided to investigate the situation more seriously - may be PAL capture is not allowed in USA -LRB- patents , regulations -RRB- ? I sent requests to three companies , which claim PAL support for their hardware
 I have not had a good time with Studio Pro 10 in the two days that I 've owned it -LRB- it came packaged with Pinnacle 's 700-USB -RRB- ; it has crashed roughly a dozen times -- when I 've attempted to edit clips , when I 've tried to activate premium content , when I 've tried to burn a DVD from the interface . A review of Pinnacle 's anemic user forums reveals that my experience is far from being the exception.I wish I could simply blame my problems on outdated drivers , insufficient disk space or RAM or processor power , but I do n't think I can
 Although I read previous reviews here complaining about unstable software , I purchased one , thinking I can handle it . Wow . This software crashes almost always . Used only for a few days , but a lot of time is already lost . I 've updated verison 10.5 but no help . This one is just simply bad and not worth . I am going to return this product .
 The analog-digital converter seems to be fine , it 's the software that 's the problem . Unfortunately , as far as I can tell you ca n't use the converter without the Pinnacle Studio software . The software takes up about 10 Gigs of hard drive space and takes a couple minutes to start up . Which would n't be a big problem if it did n't constantly crash and require restarting -LRB- and occasionally restarting the whole system -RRB- . My DVD burner started acting up whenever I was running the Studio software , so I tried burning a disc image that I could then burn to DVD later . Every time I tried this the program froze up right at the end , after hours of writing , and I had to start again from scratch.There are also lots of bugs in the program . For example , I had a lot of problems with thumbnail images . If you try to create more than two menus -LRB- for movies with lots of chapter links -RRB- the thumbnail images on the third and subsequent menus ca n't be chosen -- they default to the first frame of the chapter -LRB- which is often just a black screen or some other uninformative image -RRB- . Also , when you click on the menu the thumbnails you see are n't always the ones that will be burned onto DVD . And if the program freezes and you have to restart -LRB- which , as I mentioned , is common -RRB- the program never remembers the thumbnail images , even if you have saved them prior to the freeze.My final complaint is that the software update that I downloaded from the Pinnacle website wo n't run on my computer . Or rather , when I run it , it ca n't find the Studio software and wo n't let me navigate to find it . So maybe the update would fix some of the abovementioned problems , but I have n't been able to install it . Save yourself many , many hours of frustration and go with another brand -LRB- to be safe , make sure the converter does n't need proprietary software -RRB- .
 I ordered this because I upgraded to Pinnacle Studio Plus version 10.5 and received $ 50 off the initial price on any Pinnacle product ordered with the upgrade . Unfortunately , it did not perform as well as I had hoped . After about a week of use , I was experiencing audio and video sync issues on 40-50 % of my captures unless I recorded in 20 minute intervals . Anything over 20 minutes and it turned into a Japanese or Chinese to English dubbed movie . When the NBA Playoffs started , I found that the resolution of the Pinnacle 700-USB was not good enough to record sports programs for my personal library . The crowd in the background was pixelated , and of course by the end of the game , the interviews at the end had major Audio and Video sync issues . Direct to DVD worked better , but I still occasionally experienced audio and video sync issues , which makes some burnt discs a waste of money . Overall , I would recommend a different capture device . I am currently looking into buying an ADS Tech DVD Xpress DX2 .
 Let 's see where to begin .1 -RRB- It 's crashes alot . Save your projects and save them often .2 -RRB- It constantly tells me nothing is connected to the stinking box . I usually have to stop the app and restart in order for it to work . Repeat if necessary .3 -RRB- The analog video out does n't work at all , neither RCA nor S-video . Hopefully if can write to a DVD , have to try that next since survivor wants a stupid VHS tape .
 I 've worked with Pinnacle Studio versions 8.0 , 9.0 , 9.4 . , this one , and a later version . And they 've all had two things in common :1 . When the program works , it 's superb .2 . The other 50 % of the time , it crashes frequently , and hard.For years , Pinnacle had designed the market 's top , novice-affordable video editing/authoring platforms , but for some frustrating reason , they just ca n't seem to keep the bugs out . Pinnacle Studio Plus 700 USB Version 10.0 is no exception.Lately , the competition in this market has mushroomed , and there are better alternatives available for the same price . At last , others have emulated the Pinnacle platform while eliminating the work/creativity-killing bugs.My advice ? Shop around . Google the competition . But save yourself the frustration and steer away from anything Pinnacle .
 I bought the Crazy Machines collection -LRB- three CDs -RRB- , because I have already gone through all the TIM levels . I was hoping for some slightly different puzzles . Unfortunately , none of them work . After installation , I had a problem getting the program to start . Once I got that issue sorted out -LRB- after much research online -RRB- , the program starts , but the cursor is invisible , making it impossible to actually use the game . I 've managed to open a level , by carefully moving the mouse , and noting when a selection was ` highlighted ' -LRB- not easy to see -RRB- . After the level opens , however , it just does n't work.I visited the Crazy Machines website , and asked for advice using their ` Contact Us ' link . They never replied.If you are running anything above Win XP , do n't waste your money .
 Be sure to double check the system requirements using the Viva Media web site before you buy!The 1.0 version had a bug where it would not start even though it installed properly , for which the developer issued a patch.This version -LRB- 1.5 -RRB- has the same problem , but NO PATCH is available . When I emailed Viva Media about the situation , they responded that I did n't have enough graphics memory . Too bad those requirements are NOT spelled out in the Amazon listing!Buyer beware !
 I wish I could really rate Crazy Machines 1.5 but I ca n't ... because I see the package says it 's just for Windows 98/ME/2000 / XP so I ca n't use it on my Mac . I did n't read the specs on-line before buying because I thought it would play on a PC or Mac just like the first version . I hope a Mac version is available sometime , and I hope version 2 is available on Mac as well . Crazy Machines is too good to limit to PC users only .
 Buyer beware on this `` upgrade . '' As a long-time customer of ScanSoft products who has been highly satisfied with the OmniPage software , I purchased my upgrade directly from ScanSoft and discovered :1 -RRB- If you want to set new styles in the Text Editor window , it must be done each time the software is started ; the new styles do not save for me . Instead , they disappear each time I exit and I have to re-establish them each time I use the software .2 -RRB- When saving a scaned document to MS Word -LRB- using the function which automatically opens Word -RRB- , the directory must be selected before the file name is entered because changing directories clears the file name box . The file name should not vanish . This is not a problem with Version 14.3 -RRB- When selecting text zones , the selection order is no longer relevant to the scanned results -LRB- this has also proven to be a problem with Version 14 -RRB- . Pre Version 14 , the zones were numbered and they would be presented in the Text Editor window in that order . For at least the most recent two versions , if you scan parallel columns and select no formatting , whichever column 's top border is higher on the scan path will be placed in the Text Editor window ahead of the other column -LRB- s -RRB- . I scan recipes for my wife and reformat them to a standard format for her recipe collections ; many recipes present the ingredients and/or instructions in parallel columns . It is not useful to have the baking instructions end up before the ingredients or the mixing instructions .4 -RRB- The automatic de-skew function is now weaker than in the past , as well . Many document now need to be manually de-skewed whereas Version 14 was almost foolproof.I 've spent hours on the web searching both the ScanSoft knowledge database and researching the above issues through various searches . The ScanSoft support is weaker than ever and , apparently , Version 15 is too new to have generated any truly useful support from other sites.Although ScanSoft grants free technical support for one incident , their support is M-F , daytime , only . Additionally , they have shown no inclination to extend the free support to deal with defects they have -LRB- albeit , inadvertently -RRB- built into their product . I strongly believe that if the defect is in my use of a good product , then I should pay for my ignorance ; however , if the defect is in the product in spite of my good use , ScanSoft should support the fixes and explanations without additional cost .
 While I was dazzled with the improved OCR accuracy , that ca n't make up for it silently making my old opd files unreadable . It is no good to read in the readme after installing that Omnipage 15 can only read files created in 15 and 14 . Since the install process located version 11 on my machine , it * knew * it was going to make me unable to look at my previous research scans , and could have warned me that this version is not capable of reading my files!This is not a new company , and while I admit I could have hunted for a readme on the CD before installing , to destroy customer access to their previous work files is not acceptable . Note that this is an UPGRADE version . The ability to import documents from the earlier versions is an absolute must !
 I purchased OmniPage 15 directly from Scansoft and got a special price because I owned another of their products . It has been a nightmare . First , it does n't want to install all its parts and the PDF Create installer launches when ever you try to open a file ... any file . It completely hosed my HP printer/scanner/fax / copier and then started to change my file icons.My system is virus free and had been very stable . I run at least 4 antipest programs in addition to both a hardware and software firewall . I also am a computer professional . I have never experienced such a miserable performance from a major piece of software from a reputable house . I could n't even uninstall it ! To their credit the tech support is friendly , based in Florida and they try to help but ... I ca n't be spending hours per week doing what the developers should have done in the first place.I 'll be returning my rights and asking for a refund .
 Like a few of the other people submitting comments , I am a long-time user of Omnipage Pro . Being able to scan documents accurately is very important to me . Version 15 does achieve an impressive level of accuracy , but the time spent dealing with the software 's otherwise horrific programming is simply not worth it . I really do n't want to move to another package , but feel I have no choice.Installation is a nightmare . Would n't one think that an upgrade would sorta kinda take earlier versions into account ? Not here . I had to delete version 14 manually before trying to install version 15 . `` PDF Create '' did n't install at all , and neither the automatic or manual activation procedures worked for me.The many problems with the interface have already been noted.The company should be called `` Seance , '' because that 's about the only way to contact them . Essentially , there is no support to help you address errors with the software.Finally , be prepared to see a small army of `` PDF Converter '' icons taking over your MSWord toolbars . Do n't bother deleting the option in your dot file , it wo n't work .
 I can not comment on how well the software works , because I was totally unable to even try it . Nuance has invented an `` activation '' scheme that seems designed solely to frustrate its customers . They give you a number that you have to enter in an activation screen , after which the software goes on line to verify that you are not a thief . The trouble is the number does n't work . I spent hours on the phone and in email exchanges with Scansoft tech support trying to get the software installed . The Scansoft tech support was never able to come up with any resolution to the problem . I had to get my purchase price refunded and go back to the version 14 that I was using before this disastrous event .
 The concept of this product is so good for multiuser computer labs -- the system files are all restored by rebooting so nobody can seriously crash the system or infect it with viruses . BUT ... the reality has been a serious pain . I run computers that have ASUS brand motherboards , and there is a recognized -LRB- although not highly publicized -RRB- incompatability with the hdd sheriff . There is a patch -LRB- flashing the bios of the card while it 's installed on an intel motherboard , for pete 's sake -RRB- for the PCI version of sheriff , but there is no patch for the lan version , and JUNGSOFT has n't answered any emails to offer an alternate solution . Very disappointing .
 All I can say is that it did n't work for the files on my Lacie D2 Big Disk . I had over 250 gb of irreplaceable data on my problem drive , and Data Rescue X could n't retrieve any of it . It might work on certain types of drives but it did n't work on mine , so I can not recommend it.Susan
 I lost everything on my desktop , which is to say 90 percent of the information I had stored on my 3-month-old iMac G5.It happened when I tried to open a file on the desktop by double clicking on it . Everything on the desktop except the hard drive icon just disappeared.An hour on the phone with an Apple tech proved fruitless . He recommended Data Rescue.I downloaded the demo version , ran it , and came up with nothing . Nevertheless , I ordered the software -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- . I tried it again , this time making the scans after starting up from the disk . I tried the `` Thorough Scan '' and the Content Scan . `` Each scan took 30-45 minutes to perform and turned up nothing . Oddly enough , when the scans were complete my screen looked as if I had never done them . There was not even a report saying nothing was found.I guess Data Rescue works well in many situations , but it was a waste of money in my case .
 This turned out to be more money down the pit . A 250GB WD drive with 3 partitions failed on me , and this product was unable to get more than a few tiny -LRB- 3MB or less -RRB- files from it . Data Rescue X has big problems when it hits a `` bad '' sector , locking up for a very long time . Out of 140 video files of 50MB up to 1.5 GB , only about 8 seconds of the first one was recovered after about 10 hours of processing . In that time the `` time left '' counter just kept on going up and up until it was into the millions of minutes time left . It just could n't get past the first file . Very disappointed .
 Buried down in the other user reviews is , I find , a wise one warning those with computers more than 2 years old to avoid this program . Perhaps a better way to put the warning -LRB- because although age alone might be a useful guide , it 's not necessarily a guarantee of incompatibility -RRB- , is to advise a CAREFUL EXAMINATION OF THE SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS ! Dazzled by the overall great reviews , I put this on my Christmas wish list . I could n't wait to get it installed on Christmas morning ! It seemed to install just fine , but then the honeymoon was over . After installing , my computer -LRB- yes , mine is more than 2 years old , with XP and an early Pentium 4 -RRB- ran slower than molasses on a cold winter morning . Parts of the program worked , but it kept stalling , requiring restarts every time . The function of other programs was affected . I tried a reinstall , but things got worse . Finally got it off the machine -LRB- Add/Delete Programs would n't even start at one point !! -RRB- . Well , when all else fails , read the fine print ! I 'm sure this is as great a program as all the reviewers with machines that meet the program 's needs say , but if you 're interested in it , I strongly recommend that you click on the link for `` additional requirements '' up above on the page under product description . If yours does n't meet them , you may want to think twice , based on my experience and that of the other reviewer.I 'll freely blame myself for not paying closer attention to the requirements , and I did successfully uninstall it , but I am disappointed that upon install the program itself did n't pop up a warning that my system did n't meet those requirements.For now , I 'm hoping that my one star rating , given because its utility seems to be limited to newer , obviously more capable machines than mine , will be `` temporary . '' Being limited to , by and large , newer machines is a bit disappointing , though understandable ; that 's progress . I 'll eagerly await my new machine and store the CD away for a couple months -LRB- need a new one , anyway ! -RRB- . Hopefully I 'll be able to update this review and give as good a rating as so many others . If you have an older machine , take heed and save yourself some frustration !
 ... but it 's worthless if you ca n't use it ! The product comes with next to no instructions on how to use it . I 'm guessing all the rave reviews I 've read are writen by people who are familiar with Photoshop and have found this to be a simpler version , but I 've never used Photoshop , and would appreciate Adobe giving me a little help getting started . The `` Getting Started '' pamphlet that came with the software is so incomplete as to be useless . It 's a shame , because I really need to use it , and have not gotten very far in the two weeks I 've had it.The only remedy is to buy a book from a third party . That there are so many to choose from is an indication that the authors saw a market opportunity in Adobe 's oversight . Some might argue the cost of the software plus a few books to help you figure out how to use it is still a good value , but Adobe should have done their job .
 Basically , I like what Photoshop Elements is trying to do . But it does n't handle storing very many photos before it starts slowing down . And it will start lagging for very long periods of time too.If there were no other options , I would keep trying to make it work . But Google has released `` Picasa '' , which is essentially the same kind of tool . And Picasa is way better , and free too . -LRB- I am NOT affiliated with Google ... Just very happy to find a really good photo management and basic editing package -RRB-
 I used Photoshop for years but lost it when my computer crashed . I bought PSE5 because I read that it was most like full PS in appearance . After I ordered it , I read that it would not work properly with Windows 7 , so I did not load it on my computer . If you have anything later than VISTA , do n't buy it . Makes me crazy when companies intentionally make products obsolete ! You are at their mercy . Instead , I bought PSE10 and find that it is a really fine alternative to the full PS . PSE10 , as well as most of the earlier versions is a perfect editing and enhancing program for most amateur or intermediate photographers with many many of the same features PS offers , and way more features than the basic editing programs provided by camera software and factory loaded programs . PSE ... any version , yes !
 It 's just too complex compared to Print Shop 21 and as far as I can tell it has very few added features.Ray Gawronski
 Have Photoshop Elements 2 and like it very much . However , almost every time you start it it says update required and it then downloads Adobe Photoshop Album - NO MATTER WHAT . No matter how often you uninstall it , it comes right back with the next suggested update.I might live with it except , I believe , that once Album works with your pictures you ca n't access them any more without Album . It 's like Outlook Express . I may be wrong on this , but be aware of the possibility . You also get it when you update reader.I rate PSE2 2 because I ca n't stop the downloads of PS Album Starter Edition.I do n't know if this happens with 5 .
 Adobe Photoshop Elements 5.0 is less functional than Photoshop Elements 2.0 . And Adobe service is rotten .
 I have found this program uneccessarily complicated and tedious to manipulate . There are free programs which are far easier to operate , with features equal to all Elements offerings , for the average advanced user .
 I bought a Canon scanner that came with Adobe Elements 2 . I decided to upgrade to 5 . I downloaded their try-and-buy software that only worked once but said it was good for 30 days for evaluation . Lame.I read reviews and decided to try it anyway . Using the try-and-buy software I clicked the `` Buy online ... '' button . The upgrade price was $ 79 . That did n't seem right . So I went to Adobe and clicked on `` Buy Elements 5 Online '' . The price showed $ 69 . What the hey ? I wish I had stopped there.I tried to purchase the product but I got `` Error processing your order '' and that was it for any type of error message . What the ... ? It ended up I got multiple orders . Holy cow what a nightmare.I tried to contact customer support and was shocked to hear the amature recording of some manager sitting at her desk with the speaker phone on recording the `` Press 1 for this '' , etc. . . Good grief.I never got through and ended up opening support cases for each purchase . Hopefully I wo n't get charged for these . I do n't want any of the orders now . I think I 'd get better results if I obtained a bootleg copy of Photoshop.With Adobe it 's hit or miss and unfortunetly for me it was a really big miss . At this point I 'll be happy with MS Digital Image .
 This `` newer '' version of Elements is a waste of money . It does not have the most used features that 4.0 has . Undo , sharpen , brushes , save.Red eye works worse than ever . There 's no hard copy manuel and customer service is almost impossible to get through . Would not recommend !
 Can not review this product . It was lost in shipping . Waiting for a refund on my credit card . Owner was very apologetic and sincere . Just one of those unfortunate circumstances .
 Do n't attempt to use this program with the above system or you will have real problems stemming from the fact that Windows XP by default only provides for file sharing and Photoshop requires private folders which is not possible in talking to Dell . Adobe 's service leaves too much to be desired .
 I am new to Photoshop -LRB- I have used PhotoImpact for years -RRB- and there is definately a learning curve . I highly recommend purchasing a supplementary instructional manual if your new to PhotoShop . The software is amazing with the amount of control you have over correcting/enhancing photographs . I highly recommend this software to any digital photographers !
 I have used Photoshop products since their inception in the late 1980s , and am disappointed and frustrated to find this version of Elements stripped of features that have been a part of all Photoshop products until now . For example , the pull-out guides that can be dragged from rulers -LRB- a feature of even the simplest graphics programs -RRB- have been eliminated , apparently to try to force users to buy the full Photoshop program . Buying the full version -LRB- as I have for years -RRB- had already been my plan until I encountered this and other arm-twisters . Now I will look elsewhere for photo editing software .
 I gave this product one star because the option of giving it zero does n't exist.I moved from Elements 2.0 to this supposed ` upgrade ' at a cost of over $ 100 . For that , I lose the functionality of being able to browse a large number of files and open those I want to edit with a single click -LRB- I now have to import them into one workspace , review them , then go to another workspace to edit them -RRB- , Also , a huge annoyance is the loss of the ` undo ' and ` redo ' icons on the toolbar , as others have mentioned.Do yourself a favour , go with PSP10 instead .
 Do not attempt to try the download trial and then buy the retail box . There are separate sets of keys , and mixing them caused problems which the tech support people could not solve . The catalog , nearly 10,000 photos was gone . The orginals are backed up , but all those years of tagging are gone.Tech support said they should give me the product for free as compensation , wrote this in the case file , and transferred me to the usual gang of idiots in customer support , who would not do anything , but insisted on taking all my information -LRB- again -RRB- before telling me they would do nothing , and that there was no recourse . I wish there was a decent alternative to Adobe , but alas , we are stuck with them .
 I have always regretted upgrading to Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0 -LRB- Adobe 's upgrades for Elements are frequent and expensive -RRB- without checking to be sure that the Slide Show feature was fixed . I refuse to pay for support services , especially when I have just bought the product , so I 've had to rely upon googling the error message -LRB- the same one occurs with version 5 -RRB- and the oblique commentary under Support on the Adobe site . Sure there are improvements in version 5 , but it 's time consumers made Adobe get its act together . Try the trial version to be sure all the features work on your machine before buying .
 I bought this product because it came highly recommended , but am SORELY displeased with the product and the company 's tech support.Its greatest fault is the unforgivable inability to burn your pictures to CD or DVD within the categories you create in the program -LRB- ie , Hawaii Vacation , Christmas With The Family , My New Dog , etc -RRB- . Camera buffs spend a lot of time editing , sorting , and enlarging their photos , and some of us will even make `` tags '' with additional info for a lot of our pictures , especially those taken on vacations . I was appalled to discover , after HOURS of work , that these files and tags can not be transferred to CD . Who wants to spend countless hours on work that will be utterly wasted as soon as the computer crashes or the hard drive gets full ??? Honestly , what is the point of using high capacity DVDs if you can not transfer them all sorted and tagged ? Decades later , when we view the pictures in our old age , are we going to remember where and when the photos were taken?The HELP function could be more intuitive , also . And there is no owner 's manual with even basic instructions for simple projects . Tech support is not very helpful . If you call during normal hours , you MIGHT get some help . They are open on weekends , too , but when I called on a Saturday , the only people there were unable to answer ANY questions and could only tell me to call back Monday -LRB- why is Adobe paying them to do nothing ? -RRB- . In short , this program is not worth the money . Look elsewhere .
 I have usedPhotoshop 7 , and likedit.I beleive , Adobe has made the PhotoshopElements 5 unnecessarily cumbersome in termsof downloading , saving , etc. .
 When I tried to load the software , my hard drive crashed - computer guy coming tonight for a house call to try to restore ...
 As the description said the CD was not boxed . Apparently it was meant as part of a software package so I do n't know if it is a full version or not . I had purchased less expensive photo editing software in the past with more bells and whistles . Had heard so much about this Adobe Photo Elements that I was looking forward to having my copy . I 'm not sure how much I will be using this one .
 My previous review , saying this and more , apparently was censored or lost in the `` bit bucket '' . I wo n't repeat all the details , but 5.0 is a more crippled and dumbed-down version of 4.0 . It omits selection brushes , sharpening filters , and even the `` Undo '' and `` Redo '' icons on the shortcuts bar - even though Help still mentions them . The `` Magic Extractor '' is even more useless than before . They 've added a color curve adjustment , but you ca n't actually touch or adjust the curve.Keep 4.0 , if you have it . Or go to Paintshop Pro XI . Either of those is better than APE 5 .
 For some reason they took the Undo button off the tool bar and there 's no way to get it back . Skip this version and stick with the earlier ones .
 The software worked fine , but whenever I would try to create a slideshow the program would error out and exit . I spoke to customer service -LRB- in India -RRB- who referred me to tech support -LRB- in America -RRB- , who went through several steps that did not fix the problem . They told me this was a common glitch but could n't figure out how to fix it . After over an hour of trying to fix the problem , he told me an `` advanced tech support tech '' would call me back the following day to help fix the problem . After a week went by without a call , I returned the software to Amazon . I am currently using Adobe Photoshop 2.0 which came free with an HP printer I bought a few years ago . I was hoping 5.0 would be a great improvement , it was not , and Adobe tech support was VERY UNDERWHELMING .
 It may be a great editor and a great organizer , but it is user unfriendly and you have to download each photo from the organizer to edit it and then save it and download the next one . There are no instructions , you drive yourself crazy and when you finally get technical help they tell you ... it just does n't do it . So if you take 6 photos and only want to remove the red eye you have to take the photo from the organizer , edit it , save it , go back get the next photo , edit it , go back to the organizer ... over and over . Might be a good editor for professional photographers but I 'm sending it back to Bruce Chizen President Adobe Systems , Inc. 345 Park Ave. San Jose , Ca 95110 . Do n't waste your time oryour money .
 I bought Adobe Elements 5.0 because I thought it had more features than Microsoft Digital Image Suite , and it probably does . Getting the Adobe software to work is the trick . I even bought two books to help me learn how to use Adobe and I still ca n't get it to work right . I should have stuck with Microsoft , it is much easier to use .
 I have loved every version until now . There is no undo/redo buttons -LRB- although they clearly state there are in the documentation -RRB- and no save button . I do n't know what else it is missing yet as I have only been using it a few days , but these features are extremely important and I am ready to return the program and go back to 4.0 . I opened a case with customer support -LRB- after spending hours on their web site trying to figure out how to open a case -RRB- and they told me to call technical support . I am pretty fed up with Adobe at this point . They need to do something quickly to make up for this major goof .
 I did not appreciate a new version -LRB- 6.0 -RRB- designed for Vista being available 1 week after my purchase in October , 2007 . There was no indication of the an upcoming proper `` Vista '' designed version on the Adobe website or Amazon .
 While I am sure the product does what it offers , this is the second version of Elemeents that I have not been able to load on my computer . That 's where the fun begins - Adobe 's support is dreadful . Their website is unusuable - other than constantly trying to sell you additional products and services - and they have no human support on weekends .
 I am not too keen to IDEs writing my code . They often lead to sloppy code that lead to very generic-looking applications . But sometimes they are helpful to do quick & dirty jobs fast . The big problem with this package is a lack of documentation . The 67 page Users ' Guide is so insufficient that it only explains how to use on two of the many components the package offers . Even then it does not explain the use of these components well enough for me to use them . If CodeGear expects this product to be useful they need to write an in-depth tutorial and not expect other people to try to figure out the software and write tutorials for CodeGear as has been done for Delphi and JBuilder . The product has been on the market for a short while now and nobody has written a tutorial .
 I bought a second hand version of the Photo montage software from True Tiger . They sent me the '00 version of the same . No where on the product info was this mentioned . Due to paucity of information , I googled the software and was told of certain features . Assuming it would be the same and since it wasnt mentioned anywhere that this is an outdated software cd which they are selling , I bought it . 20 odd dollars for such an outdated cd is a rip off . I felt cheated . Pls be very careful in your dealings with them .
 I do n't recommend you to buy this software , it is bored and not is interactive , the is n't instructions , I made some examples w
 Im running windows xp -LRB- pro upgrade -RRB- MAN did it mess up my system !! it is NOT compatible with windows xp !
 Not happy with this product.The printing is hard to do . It would not work on different printers.It took days to print on a HP printer and I mean days.I would not advise anyone to buy this product
 Would n't run on our computer - we got `` Typing Instructor for Kids '' and it works smoothly on our computer and our daughter learned proper typing within a week - years later she is still typing properly .
 This book is an excellent resource for the new or `` seasoned '' nurse . Covers just about every disease we are going to encounter in our work . A lot more portable than carrying around a med-surg book and a lot more succinct that a med-surg book . Gives you `` just the facts , ma'am ! '' . Provides a summary of the disease and nursing considerations , treatment , and other practical infor for caring for pts . Highly recommended for the student or practicing nurse . I have it on my PDA . If you are going to get the software version , get the Skyscape software version , not Mobipocket . Skyscape software is much more user-friendly in terms of manuevering around each entry . Skyscape uses a tabbed format for access of the various types of info within each entry -LRB- such as Summary of the disease , nursing considerations , treatment and tests , pt teaching etc -RRB- , whereas Mobipocket is basically just an electronic reader . You must cursor through the entire entry until you find what you are looking for . I can recommend this by experience and I bought several of my first reference books in the Mobipocket format and have since taken them off my PDA and replaced them with Skyscape versions . A major waste of money , but the Mobipocket versions just took too long to find the info I wanted . Skyscape allows much quicker access .
 You would think by version 10 Corel would be able to get it right ? Wrong ! This software is SLOW , buggy garbage . This program ca n't print anything right and will even do a number on your version 8 gems for you . Go to Illustrator or Freehand instead .
 SLOW SLOW SLOW . We had been using Corel Draw 8 and purchased this upgrade . My only regret was getting busy and forgetting to return it under the 30 day return policy . 10 wo n't read a lot of our Draw 8 files , and it 's SO SLOW.We are switching to Adobe since we feel there is no other choice from Corel .
 I am in the process of returning this product to Amazon.The product came with no hardcopy documentation and the Help file on the CD is totally useless.These are big issues since the product is anything but intuitive.This is without question the worst software product that I have ever purchased .
 Truthfully it does not use much of your resources and it tells you have an infection . Problems is you have a virus too , twice now it told me I was infected and that I had a virus . Customer service is slow and the advice has been useless . I paid to have the software block viruses not tell me I have them now . . Did as I was told and the virus was still there because of a cookie that downloaded the virus again . Downloaded Norton trail version and it 's all gone as was this program off my computer . . This product was less expensive but the amount of productivity I lost was not . . That old saying applies here `` cheap is expensive '' . .
 I purchased this software 6 months ago . I could register the program with the provided key but could not open the program with the key . I have contacted the company 4 times over the past 6 months and have never heard a word back from them . I would give them zero stars if I could .
 This software looks great . Lots of amazing features . Includes 3-D and Fly-Thru views . It 's more detailed than the Garmin MapSource Topo U.S. 2008 -LRB- 1:24,000 vs. 1:100,000 -RRB- . It is both PC and Mac compatible . Garmin 's is only PC compatible . However , you can only use this product on your computer and not on your GPS unit in the field . This is because Garmin will not allow it . You can transfer waypoints and routes but not the maps . According to reviews I 've read , the Garmin Topo software is not detailed and not accurate . So , what to do ? According to other reviews I 've just read , National Geographic has just completed arrangements with Magellan to allow transfer of their 1:24,000 maps to the new Triton GPS that will become availabe in September or October . These new Magellan units are a lot more user friendly than than their old ones . If Garmin wo n't allow other software vendors access to their product , then they should at least make decent mapping software themselves . I 'm going to return my new Garmin GPS and get one of the new Triton GPS units . At that point , I 'll probably give this software 5 stars .
 Works with the triton gps ... . maps are ok . They are also not up to date like msn or google maps are . Also it does n't look as anything like what they want to you to believe . It seems like that only option for triton users ...
 I bought this product from AMAZON to use during a trip to Hanover , as it was my first trip to it and I have a Garmin Colorado400i with 3d . I looked a map that could show me routes and montains in 3D , instaled in my computer and tried for three days to load my GPS.Just today after more than 24 hours I received an email from Topo saying that this map can not be used in GPS -LRB- ONLY in COMPUTER -RRB- . So my money does not has value for this company because it is not clear that this is only for computer.BAD PRODUCT , especial if you want to have it in your Garmin .
 National Geographic has discontinued this TOPO ! series in favor of their newer approaches to displaying topographical maps . They do not support the product on OS X Mountain Lion . NG and Amazon are still offering TOPO ! for sale for a few states and unless you need and ask for support from NG the marketing does not mention it is discontinued and unsupported for the latest OS X.Since my FedEx delivery occurred to the wrong address and was not found for about a month it is too late to return the software but that is what it deserves.The concept of displaying topographical maps without borders is a good one and if the software worked reliably and was marketed honestly it would be worth about half of the asking price .
 this product does n't work on computers with McAfee 8.0 security + windows vista . If you have McAfee security installed on your computer , do n't waste your money on the Systran translator .
 I bought this software because of the resolution that is available for NJ , NY , and PA. . The receiver I use is a Garmin Etrex Vista . I purchased this software in the hope of creating a personalized map hard copy . One that contained my own finds out on the trail . To tell the truth I had much higher expectations . First question , big question is this product compatible with my GPS , yes ... well sort of . It easily finds the GPS , and connects and quickly downloads all of the new data that I collect . But that 's it . That 's when you notice the trouble . First , it will import coordinates but that 's all . This software will not import names of tracks or of waypoints correctly , at least I have n't found a way . Do n't even think about displaying different types of way points . It also has a habit of connecting various tracks automatically so you end up with a lot of erroneous criss-crossed lines all over your map . Apparently it only likes one track at time . Also , there are absolutely no editing tools for tracks and waypoints . Moreover , it will not recognize any distinguishing characteristics of waypoints or tracks downloaded from the GPS.The software is able to recognize GPX -LRB- garmin -RRB- files but is unable to save files in this format . This means that you can import Mapsource data files , but with the same limitations as described above . Mapsource BTW is the mapping software that comes with the Garmin GPS . And no , Mapsource can not read the * . tpo files that this software creates . Neither can the EZGPS shareware version . And just for your information , EZGPS can also read and edit GPX files . I like the EZGPS because it has a few more editing features than Mapsource . Also the `` view online '' resolution is really amazing , a matter of a 100 FEET!At any rate , I continue to search for better software , and better maps until I find one that works .
 I have Windows Vista 32 with Duo Core + 4 G SDRAM PC , I installed the PCI capture card and the program Studio version 11.1.2 . Connected my miniDV camcorder via DVI port.Tested the capture via the software and via windows.It worked well upto that point but when I tried to preview the file via Studio 11 , it would crash and force dump the application.I uploaded the patches but still nothing is working.I am still going to try to fix it but if I cant then I will just scratch Studio 11 and switch to Vegas Movie Studio 9 .
 I received this product today for Christmas and spent about 4 hours installing and figuring out how to use the software . Frankly , this is the most difficult installation I have ever experienced : The installation software does n't automatically install in Widows XP . One has to type it in the command line in `` Run '' . -LRB- Yes , I know this is a minor inconvenience , but it 's an indicator of other user unfriendliness . -RRB- The imbedded operating manual is not up to date and must have been written for an earlier version . In some cases the instructions are wrong for the new version . The manual is poorly organized with important installation instructions embedded in FAQ 's near the end of the document.No instructions are given for installing the 5 CDs that contain the topo maps for North and South Carolina . The instructions are buried on page 87 of a 94 page manual ! The procedure should been provided in one of the first pages and presented more clearly.The procedure for saving a simple topo map is confusing and laborious.The `` Notes and Photos Tool '' ca n't be toggled on and off . The procedure for doing so is wrong in the manual . One needs an embedded note or photo to save the exact topo map!The procedure for importing a GPS tracks and waypoings is confusing and laborious.The procedure for exporting a map/track to another application is wrong in the manual . The resulting JPG image of the topo map is of poor quality compared to the in-program topo map.The 3D maps are underwhelming and fuzzy.I did like the `` fly over '' feature , which is like a helicoptor ride over a track on the topo map . Cool!I purchased this software to complement my newly purchased Garmin 60CSx GPS and Mapsource software . For those of you who have been underwhelmed by the 60CSx manual , it 's a treat compared to this .
 i sent this item back , through no fault of amazon , because the install disc was bad . i called pinnacle about this and they sent me a new disc by bulk surface mail that took 2 weeks to arrive !!! i could not use the new disc because they neglected to sent a product key to open the damn thing . poor customer relations and service on the part of pinnacle . GREAT service on the part of amazon . it was easy to return the item and get a refund . i will use amazon again and thank them for their service ***** 's . .
 Studio Movieboard 11 was advertised as being compatible with Vista 64 bit operating system but it is far from the truth . I installed the internal PCI capture card & the movie studio software plus software and driver updates and as soon as I would try and capture video I would get the dreaded blue screen and my computer would shut down . I then removed the video capture card and uninstalled the software and then reinstalled everything again . This time I was able to capture video however the software would cause my computer to freeze and somethime shut down . The system I am using is new and far exceeds all of the minimum system requirements listed so I am very disappointed to say the least . I have had other software/hardware compatibility problems with Vista 64bit however nothing close to the problems with this product . When I contacted customer support they suggested I upgrade to version 12 which was more compatible , just what I wanted to hear one week after buying this product .
 I bought this software based on the belief it would show trail maps for hiking . Trail maps are only available via a download -LRB- not a big deal -RRB- , but trail maps for PA and NJ do n't exist !!! If you want maps that show existing trail maps for hiking in PA , do not purchase this software .
 If I did not have to use this product at my job I would have ceremoniously burned it . Where do I begin ... Well if your last project is n't where the program expects it to be then it will not start up and will just give you an error . This means that if you have an external HDD that you keep your project files on go dead on you , guess what , DVDit goes dead as well.Then I tried installing the program again and the CD key that was provided stopped working . Tried 4 other keys and 2 new ones that were given to us from Roxio , but alas they too would not work . Then after 2 weeks of correspondence with Roxio support -LRB- which is terrible ! -RRB- , we had to alter registry entries just to get the software installed again.Lastly , and the most damning evidence of all , is that at times when you try to save a project , it will error out on you and delete the folder that you were trying to save into . If this folder happens to contain all the video clips or pictures you were working with , tough break.This is a god awful piece of software . I can not say anything good about it . If you are thinking about getting this program , save the $ 200 , pay someone $ 5 to kick you in the head a few times cause that 's what it 's going to feel like using this program .
 There was a cd missing from the order . And I have found out the software does not work well with windows xp very well . All in all I am NOT happy with the results .
 I am a great fan of National Geographic , partly because of its outstanding quality in prints . This `` digital '' version was very poorly made
 This is an expensive software that does not deliver . For a cheaper price and infinite better quality you can get `` Ilumina '' by Tyndale House Publishers .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- and I get clip art ? Computers can run video , high-end audio , and high-rez pictures nowadays ! I am very disappointed with this software for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- . It does not live up to the name - Mega . It is simply some Bibles put into eBook-type form and a few bells and whistles . Not much else . If you like to line up 24 different Bible translations - have at it .
 Unfortunately , this product includes fonts in the older PostScript `` Type 1 '' font format instead of the newer OpenType format . Adobe sells an OpenType edition of Adobe Type Basics , but this is a download-only product . I wish Adobe would sell the OpenType Edition on CD .
 This product is a HUGE ripoff !! Do n't get it . The art work is completely substandard , the user interface is sloppy and annoying . For intance , this a 2 disc package and your made to swicth out the discs everytime you want to actually see something as a 3D model . The models are expretremly limited to only particular areas of the body . AND They falsely advertise the entire body being displayed in full 3D model form . This is not true . The ` pictures ' on the box lead you to believe this.Most of the body is displayed in very bad traditional 2d art . Badly rendered with color pencils . To be quite frank , . this product looks like it was put together buy flunked out art students.Please consider this before buying the product .
 I bought Human 3D and I also bought a $ 1.99 cd on the body and it turns out the $ 1.99 was better than Human 3D . I through Human 3D in the grabage . I would be imbarressed to give it to anyone .
 I bought this and it wo n't even load in Windows 2000 ! I just plain does n't install . They have a patch on their website but I gave up . Maybe the 4CD version is better but avoid the 2CD version , definately if you 're in Win2k . At least I got a nice double-CD case out of it !
 This is the worst thing I have bought in a long time . I ca n't even get it to install on Windows 2000 . They have a patch on the website , but nothing . It still does not install . This is a good example of You get what you pay for . Luckily I have another computer with Windows 98 . But after I installed it I have to admit I was greatly disapointed . It was definitely not worth the headache . Save yourself 20 $ and go get real a program .
 I bought this cd at officemax and it is the WORSE program on my computer ... It 's even more frustrating than a virus !
 Watch out ... this software is only partially enabled . To get the full version you will have to spend -LSB- more money -RSB- . Further , the software is difficult to navigate . Do n't be fooled by the cheap price ... you get what you pay for.GB
 Yeh , i really do n't like this game now , firstly it is n't very good for the eyes and secondly it gets boring after afew short plays on the game . Realy cant rate games because some do get really boring after a while of playing on them . The good to this game is the amazing graphics nd the rolarcoasters . Thebad is that once you have built one that you are in charge of , you ride it colse up but no people seen or not a theme park just a rolarcoasterthat is built only . Although there are the props , the extras on the themepark . Would recomend for a child only otherwise an older person might get bored of it after the first few plays on the game .
 gameplay :4 -LRB- poor -RRB- graphics :8 -LRB- great -RRB- sound :7 -LRB- good -RRB- value :4 -LRB- poor -RRB- tilt :5 -LRB- moderate -RRB- overall :5.4 -LRB- moderate -RRB- This game gets boring very very quick , unless you are a person who wants to make a billon coasters becuase right after you build your coaster and get good judgement it gets pointless to play that coaster again and the challege mode has stuiped storylines , So you are paying about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- - $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for playing something for about an hour -LRB- and I played this before like a year ago or maybe more ! -RRB- , you have no people who buy tickets and ride it and see if they have a good or bad time , you dont even see the judges in the cart!Although the game has great graphics and good sound , it is realy pointless to buy this game , if you realy want to build a coaster -LRB- never played it but i bet it is 10x better -RRB- get roller coaster tycoon or better yet save the money to buy zoo tycoon 2 or even mall tycoon and etc. . .
 After buying this product , I was disappointed to find that it requires a 333-MHz processor , which is more than even RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 requires -LRB- 300-MHz processor -RRB- . My machine is 2.5 years old , is in great shape , and runs fast but has only a 250-MHz processor . Unfortunately , this processor is not fast enough to run this game .
 i bought this game and it was VERY disappointing . it is a lot more difficult than roller coaster tycoon to design a ride . it is diffuclt to visualize the coaster , and riding it isnt all that special . im not sure if i had a bad box , but it also didnt contain ANY directions or booklets . this made it a bit difficult to figure out how to design the coaster . if youre an avid RCT2 fan , dont bother with this game
 This book is way too elementary . I sent it back to Amazon after ordering it . I was very disappointed . If you want a workbook for the CDs or for basic spanish practice , get `` Spanish in 10 minutes a Day '' instead . It 's farm more interesting .
 This book is way too elementary . I sent it back to Amazon after ordering it . I was very disappointed . If you want a workbook for the CDs or for basic spanish practice , get `` Spanish in 10 minutes a Day '' instead . It 's far more interesting .
 EXCELLENT CHAPTERS WITH GRADUAL ADDITION OF NEW WORKS AND GRAMMAR . NOT TOO COMPILCATED FOR THE BEGINNER .
 Typically , I would prefer to stay with one of the more common and tested versions of the product than take my chances here .
 The game is really mostly luck . yuou only make a few descions . So you load the game decided to buy some food and tools . Get on a boat stop at a few towns were do nothing . Then you have to go on a trail , and if you get a injury and rest you do nothing for 15 minutes . Then you get to the finnal town were you pick were to dig for gold . The rest of the game is watching .
 I would have to agree with the other reviewer that this game is n't really `` up to par '' with The Learning Company 's other games.The game does have some educational value -LRB- although even that could probably be a little better -RRB- , but the game itself is poor . As the other reviewer said , you make few decisions and a lot of the rest is up to luck . A good portion of the game is simply watching . This makes for some boring gameplay .
 There is not much change compared to the 2007 software . I just use it for mapping and the fact that the location markers are static has not changed making it inferior to many other products . Will not purchase this product anymore if they do not change the location markers .
 I have been buying S&T ; since it came out . I 've enjoyed it until S&T ; 2008 . I have an old computer with a CD drive . The new S&T ; comes with a DVD . It will not load on my computer . Contacted Microsoft and they told me to upgrade my computer and they could not and would not help me get it loaded.Very disappointed with Microsoft and will now have to look for a product I can use on my old computer .
 Seems there is nothing new on this version . Many major new streets and highways that have been open well over a year are not on their maps . I wanted it to upgrade from V2003 but it was a was a waste of money !
 I installed this program on my desktop at my apartment . Then I tried to install it on my desktop at my wife 's apartment where I spend half my time . Microsoft would n't allow it and told me I would have to pay for a second copy , this even though they would allow it on my second copy IF IT WERE A LAPTOP ! No other program has ever restricted me to less than two computers , or `` for personal use '' on as many computers as is necessary . I would steer clear of th ; is product , and by extension , other MS products as well , for being so greedy . Michael
 I had owned a Rand McNally trip maker for about 8 years , thought it was time to update . Much to my displeasure I discovered that Rand McNally no longer made a trip maker for the computer . I purchased the Microsoft Streets and Trips 2008 . It has great features and is not difficult to use however it shuts down in the middle of planning a trip , I am constantly re-entering my product code because it says my free trial period is over , and I must activate the product . I have reinstalled it a few times , spent more hours than I can remember trying to get the problem solved with no solution . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I cant go into to much detail on this but from the little experience I had with the microsoft software I did not like it . I also have copilot gps for laptops which i thought was much better then this . I was a professional truck driver so I used my copilot quit a bit . got the this to see if I could get more locations points which didnt pan out .
 I am somewhat disappointed in this version . I have been buying this product every year since 2003 except for 2007 when I could n't find a copy . I do n't notice very much of a difference between this versions information and the 2006 , I do n't see that many new roads in areas that I know have new roads -LRB- since 2006 -RRB- . This version has more security features , read that as only being able to load it on 2 computers , takes a LOT longer to load . Takes a long time to come up when you want to use the program . I prefer using the 2006 that I have on the companies laptop .
 First off it takes you about a half an hour to get the program to even work . once you set it up and test it . If you change the USB port you installed the GPS on it switches to a different com port and the program has to be re-calibrated . Starting the GPS tracking function is buried 3 menus deep and is not easy to find when you want it to start NOW ! Mine used to give audible directions till one day it just quit . And who wants to glance over at their computer every 10 minutes to see if your going the right direction . IT 's not loud enough , so you cant hear the audible commands anyway unless you wear head phones or plug into the AUX of your cars stereo . Its slow re-routing if you get lost . And you will get lost . It does n't tell you which lane to be in and it gives you goofy instructions , like `` keep on left and take ramp right . '' So do I take the ramp or stay right ? There are too many bells and whistles to the point where it 's useless . Like most Microsoft products its just plain annoying . If you use this plan on spending half of your time getting lost , getting the GPS to even start , and once it does start you have to keep your laptop from falling asleep or your GPS will stop working and you have to reconfigure it all over again and wait another 10 minutes . Plus trying to hear what the voices are telling you . You may actually end up where you wanted to be . Just expect to arrive late , in a bad mood , and in serious need of a stiff drink . This isnt La Casa Del Rey ... Its La Casa Del PIZZA !!! Ive never felt compelled to write a product review before , but this program is so horrible , consumers out there really need to know .
 I installed on my laptop and used once on a trip . But when I tried to use my WIFI it would not work . Direct hook up to internet would not work . I reverted to a restore point prior to streets and trips 2008 installation . Internet now worked but allthough reinstallations of 2008 claims to work the program will not run . I have previously bought several versions of Streets & Trips . Their new security measures have changed me from a repeat customer to someone who 's going to buy a competitive product without microsofts customer unfriendly security measures . Do n't waste your time with this program . It is n't worth the aggravation . Its much like the old days when it would take days of effert to get programs to run . With many calls for support . I ca n't find any way to contact Microsoft my program doesnt provide a 800 number for support . Just a web site where you are told how to spend more money on upgrades .
 S&T 2008 will not stay registered . About every two or three weeks , it forces me to re-enter the product key . This is the first copy of Streets and Trips to have this problem . It is a total pain in the neck .
 There seems to be very little effort in improving the product from previous versions . It also is quite a challenge to get it to work on Vista . Install works but then it would n't run after the first week .
 I use S & T 2005 , and it works just fine , even with the slight interface issues . Every time I come to purchase the latest version , I am reminded that the copyright protection is annoying and dependant on online registration . I wo n't be spending my money on such a product which requires online registration . I am getting ready to replace my road warrior laptop , and I value my time too much to spend it trying to contact a MS representative to convince the phone drone that I legitimately purchased the software , and need to get my license enabled for installation onto another machine because I have purchased a newer laptop.Combine that with the numerous comments that there is no improvement over content of UI design , then the reason to purchase is a no brainer.I almost forgot , there are many reviewed comments that the products installation is unstable on many laptops . This last fact pretty much renders this latest and greatest version worthless IMHO .
 No significant updates and activation problems.This is a mess . I have purchased upgrade every year and this year is worthless.Save you money and stick with 2007 .
 Really disappointed in this software . I moved into a new home development two years ago and it is still not contained in the 2008 version of Microsoft Maps . To bad ... I really like the original software , but do n't bother to spent the money to upgrade
 I 've used S&T ; for many years , updating every year or two as useful new features were added . I updated to the 2008 version to get updated maps . After a lengthy install process , I found that MS had `` updated '' my street address out of existence . I live along a major road in Essex County in a substantial NJ Township with a 20K + population and my street address and those of my neighbors had always shown up in prior versions of S&T. ; S&T ; 2008 not only elminated my street address but all street addresses on nearby major roads -LRB- i.e. those appearing in yellow -RRB- . Other street addresses are shown . I did not have the time and inclination to see if this problem exists for street addresses in other areas of NJ or in other states . This fault in mapping street addresses makes this program untrustworthy and , essentially , useless.When I called MS Technical support to see if I 'd missed an option that would enable it to show street addresses on major roads , I was told that there was no such option and that another company provided the mapping technology and that I could provide map feedback about the error . He offered a refund but I will be able to return it to the place I bought it.At this point , I 've removed this new software garbage from my machine and reinstalled the old version . Now that Google Earth and other free mapping software exists and good GPS devices are readily available at decent prices , the need to pay for updated versions of S&T ; , especially dismally executed updates like this inexcusible 2008 version , makes no sense .
 I 'm a wrecker dispatcher outside the Dallas/Fort Worth area . I 've been using Streets and Trips since 03 or 04 . I use the program all day long . The program itself is great . I can map several addresses in seconds . The problem I have is , Every year the map gets worse . It 's good at finding the road but finding the numerics on the road sticks . I can not pull up the numerics on My business on the Main Street in this town of over 30,000 . I 've been in my house for 3 years . I know the house has been there for 2 years before that . I can still not pull up my own street and I live just outside of Fort Worth . I think microsoft thinks its more important to know where every hole in the wall resturant is than pulling up an exact address . I do think this program is better than the other maps I 've seen and I think Microsoft is a great company . I hope Microsoft reads this and decides to fix their numeric problems . Unless some one builds a better map , I 'll be buying Streets & Trips 2009 .
 Tried to install the software on my desktop computer . All went well until it came time to activate the software -LRB- over the Internet -RRB- . The attempt returned a network error , and continued to do so on every subsequent attempt . I then spent hours on the phone to Microsoft without any success activating it . The case was elevated and I was told that they -LRB- Microsoft -RRB- would be in touch . That was two weeks ago and I have not heard another peep from Microsoft . In the meantime , I have discovered that this is a `` known problem '' with Streets & Trips 2008 . But , unfortunately , the solution to the problem is apparently still unknown . Bottom line ? Inexcusable crap . I would give this software no stars if I could .
 Streets & Trips program scores A+T ech Support scores F-I have been using Streets & Trips for several years . I am a professional person , now retired and leading a full time RV lifestyle . I change locations frequently and use Streets & Trips daily . I am mature , mild mannered , kind , thoughtful , and very patient . I am not a computer expert , but I have been using computers since the days of DOS . I use and maintain two computers and a network.I purchased and installed Streets & Trips 2008 in October 2007 . In April 2008 , for no apparent reason , it quit working . It would not load . With any other program , I would suspect that a file had become corrupted ; I could uninstall and reinstall the program , insert the product ID , and be up and running again in a few minutes . I uninstalled and reinstalled Streets & Trips twice ; oddly , it did not ask for product ID and it still would not load . -LSB- ONE HOUR -RSB- I went online to Microsoft Help , found my problem clearly defined with advice to call tech support at -LSB- 800 -RSB- 936-5700 5AM to 9PM Pacific Time Monday through Friday.I called Tech Support ; it appears to be OUTSOURCED . Over the years I have had consistently poor to disastrous -LRB- computer crashes -RRB- results from outsourced support and will not knowingly buy a program with outsourced support if there is an alternative.MICROSOFT IS NOT AN IMPOVERISHED COMPANY AND COULD WELL AFFORD 24/7 AMERICAN TECH SUPPORT.I was assigned a case number , 1066295656 , and began a tortuous journey . The task was to go to www.support.microsoft.com/ea which would access a Microsoft program called Easy Assist which would allow tech support to take control of my computer and secretively solve the problem without allowing me to know how it was done.Following technician 's instructions , I was not able to access Easy Assist . Technician frequently put me on hold , then returned to give additional instructions to disable programs running on my computer until only Microsoft programs were running . We worked this way for 2 hours on the first day , 2 hours on the second day , and 2 hours on the third day . -LSB- SIX HOURS -RSB- Technician then declared that he had exhausted all options and that he would need to refer me to a Microsoft Server tech support . I related my sad story to the clerk who answered the phone ; she transferred me to the Server tech where I related the sad story again . Server tech then informed me that there was nothing wrong with my computer . THE SERVER IS DOWN - ITS JUST SOMETHING THAT HAPPENS - THERE IS NOTHING TO DO BUT WAIT.MICROSOFT IS NOT AN IMPOVERISHED COMPANY AND COULD WELL AFFORD TO FIELD RELIABLE SERVERS AS GOOGLE DOES.IT ALSO SEEMS TO ME THAT THE SUPPORT TECH SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT THE SERVER WAS DOWN BEFORE THE HOURS OF UNSUCCESSFUL REPEATED ATTEMPTS TO REACH THE SERVER.A Microsoft representative then telephoned me to inquire whether I was satisfied with the tech support ; I complained energetically . I was informed that my complaint was being given `` Red Alert '' status and that a Microsoft executive would call me within two business days - did n't happen.After several days recuperation I made another call to tech support , got a new case number , 1068747744 , and a new technician . This time the process proceeded as planned and the problem was solved ; my phone timer revealed that the uncomplicated and successful process had still consumed 48 minutes ! I was then transferred to the technician 's supervisor who inquired about my level of satisfaction ; I replied that I was satisfied with that particular technician but that I was extremely angry with the Microsoft policies and procedures and servers that had wasted many hours of my time . I was again informed that a Microsoft executive would call me within two business days - I did get a call from a Team Manager for Microsoft Home Products.I was then faced with the task of enabling all the programs that had been disabled . -LSB- TWO HOURS -RSB- So Microsoft squandered 9 HOURS of my time and caused me to suffer overwhelming stress and frustration . In my professional life I bill $ 100 an hour , so Microsoft owes me $ 900 in compensatory damages for wasting my time , and $ 500,000 for punitive damages to compensate for my newly acquired Tech Support Phobia which will haunt me until the end of my days . I suffer extreme anxiety by just contemplating Microsoft Tech Support.My take on this -LRB- which may be biased -RRB- is that Microsoft responded to its paranoia about persons misusing Streets & Trips by attempting to thwart dishonest persons , utilizing a combination of the worst characteristics of the Gestapo , the KGB , the CIA , the IRS , and the Bush White House to field a complicated , clandestine , circuitous tech support process which punishes and tortures both honest and dishonest persons.READERS MAY BE ABLE TO DISCERN THAT I AM REALLY MAD ABOUT THIS .
 Although the connected services create a cluttered map and are not completely thought out yet I was enjoying this product until it deactivated itself in the middle of a road trip . Yes , it wanted reactivation or it would not work . I had no internet connection in my vehicle and I was not carrying my product key with me . Result a worse than useless product . The idea of activation of a product that only functions with microsoft provided hardware is ridiculous . I am angry and will not buy again .
 I have installed this software every year for the last 6 years.However , this is the first upgrade requiring activation . I could not activate it , either on-line or by phone despite numerous attempts over four hours.So I just chucked it and went back to using Streets & Trips 2007 ! A complete waste of money !
 Product wo n't activate on my desktop machine . Wo n't run , wo n't register , nothing . MS says they are working on the problem and will have a solution on 7-10 days . Meanwhile my $ $ spent are worth nothing . I would n't buy this product if you need to use it right now , it wo n't work .
 I had older versions and used them on several of MY computers . This version installed on both my laptop -LRB- great for travel -RRB- and desktop , but when my laptop crashed and I bought a new one , I was not allowed to install a 3rd time . I called tech support and was told I should use all lower case for the key code even when the key code is shown in caps and installed properly the first time using caps . I asked for a supervisor who then told me I was allowed only ONE installation !!! What idiots !! Although I really like Streets and Trips I will no longer upgrade . I have a Garmin and a Dash , so it is not a big issue for me -LRB- except that I wasted my money -RRB- . I am going to install 2008 and go back to 2007 .
 I purchased S&T ; 2008 to replace S&T ; 2006 . I was disappointed to find that the street on which I purchased my current home in Jul , 2004 is not included in the map database . That 's 31/2 years . It is in the database at Navteq -LRB- supplier of the map software -RRB- and is in my wife 's recently purchased Garmin Nuvi 250 -LRB- also Navteq -RRB- . Why not in Microsoft Streets and Trips ? And more important , what other streets are missing.The second issue I have is that the latest version automatically recalculates the route if for any reason you deviate from the original saved route . I use this program with my motorhome and spend a significant amount of time prior to each trip determining what sights I want to see and the routes that will take me there . Sometimes I select the most direct , sometimes the most scenic , and many times it is a combination of both with side trips included . If I deviated from the original route , the 2006 version told me I was off route -LRB- which I already knew -RRB- , but still followed my progress on the map until I was back on the original route and I could continue as planned . With the new version -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , as soon as I leave a route , it recalculates a new route -LRB- shortest or most scenic -RRB- to my next destination and deletes the original route . I therefore lose all info about other destinations I might have chosen to include . 2006 version had an option to recalculate a new route , 2008 version does it automatically . I plan to re-install the 2006 version and not use the 2008 .
 I replaced the 2004 version with 2008 and was dismayed to find the map does not include a major Interstate extension due to open 11/2008 in Illinois . How can you advertise 2008 and not include a road under construction for 2 years ! The live search feature with the various maps is useful , but the aerial views were taken during the summer , most homes are covered by foliage-not useful . I tried to find an e-mail contact to ask about future automatic updates -- ca n't find any . The e-mail shown on the ` about ' screen for product is bogus . MicroSoft strikes again with anupgrade to a product that is not worth the cost . It did show some new residential street in town opened since 2004 so it is not a total waste.Consider another product or keep your older Streets & Trips ; version .
 I was able to install and activate the program on my laptop . However , to this date I have not been able to use it on my desktop as it can not be activated despite several tries by Microsoft Support personnel . They are still working on it . . I am ready to ask for my money back !
 I used a 2002 version on my laptop coming across the US and it worked great . Recently bought 2008 to get updated maps and loaded onto my laptop . Process went ok but I have been unable to load onto my PC . My goal was to plan trips on my PC and transfer the rout to my laptop but since I have been unable to load on both the Laptop and PC this has stymied my efforts and rendered the software almost useless . I went and purchased a Garmin GPS which I highly recommend as Microsoft is NOT very customer oriented with S&T . The Garmin works perfeectly ... plan trips on the PC and download to the GPS . S&T 2008 is ok but so passe .
 I came to this site specifically to purchase MS Streets and Trips 2008 . After learning that I can only use it on one computer , I have changed my mind . Like many working/traveling people , I create my routes , maps etc on a desk top at home and use them on a laptop on the road . The one computer restriction is very inconvenient for me and a deal breaker.I am off to research `` Plan B `` Thank you , everyone , for writing the very informative reviews . You have saved me a little money and a lot of hassle .
 My initial experience with S&T 2008 was that the installation program failed with a meaningless error message typical of older era Microsoft products . After that I realized that I needed the product key that came with the software . Activating the MSN Direct Receiver is also problematic telling me that the version of the software does n't support it . -LRB- Huh ? They came in the same box ! -RRB- Online subscription-ware is something that makes life difficult for me . I rely on the GPS capability when traveling and if I have to reinstall on the road this is going to be problematic . Plus , I simply do n't like ` activation ' . If I could return opened box software I would . I guess this will be the last time I buy S&T .
 I am VERY DISSATISFIED with this package of software . I have used older versions of the same software for years , and needed this new version to plan our trip across the country . But I have installed it twice , and can not get the software to OPEN . I click , I try commands and can not open the software to use it . I finally deleted it and reinstalled my 2005 version . Could there be something wrong with this package ???????
 Installation and activation problems ! Then after I had spent hours getting it working on my laptop , I found that it still does not show streets that have been added in our area over three years ago.To top it off MS says I can only activate on one machine , so I get to keep the 2007 on my other computer ? I 've decided to keep the older version on BOTH computers!Save yourself the frustration and $ s , and do n't bother with the 2008 version !
 I have used previous versions of streets and trips without any problems . My home address has been removed from the new version . Do n't waste your money on the new version . Stick with 2007 or google maps .
 It is not worth paying for the same features you get on Yahoo Maps . In the NYC area commercial vehicles are not allowed on the Garden State Parkway or the Holland Tunnel . I thought with this program one could tell it to avoid those routes . This program can not do that . Our company just spent almost $ 40.00 on software that is no more functinal than Yahoo Maps . The only thing that is nice is that there are no ads .
 I was just getting ready to purchase the new M&S 2008 but as always , I read the reviews for any item and usually from the worst to the best ratings . I currently am running 2006 and am thrilled with it . The reviews for 2008 have driven me off from purchasing that version for myself and several other family members . I do n't mind the registration requirements being added , but the significan problems noted in not being able to actually complete the registration process , as well as lack of returning phone calls from customer service , left me cold . Also , street addresses not appearing where they had been on previous versions I believe shows a true lack of attention to detail and the need to address the customers needs . They need to spend as much time on making sure the program works correctly and has updated addresses to include new areas as well as keeping old ones . They also need to address these blasted issues concerning registration and the failure of there product to complete it . They have a honest concern for retaining the rights and costs for their product , but they need to also put as much effort into the product as they do in protecting their pocketbook . These reviews actually do impact the sales of products on Amazon and I 'm proof the system works . Microsoft , I hope your listening ...
 Excellent product . Many updates since the 2007 version . Very user friendly . I give it 5 stars .
 - The program caused my computer to shut down . When I rebooted the system this is the message I got : `` Your registry settings for this application were not copied correctly . To correct these settings , run setup again for this application from the location where you originally installed it . `` and the program would not run.I reinstalled the program -LRB- repair option -RRB- and it still would not run.Apparently Microsoft knows of this condition . I found the procedure to correct the error in the Microsoft self help database . It would have taken me three hours to run their procedure and you have to be a conmputer guru to run the install program in `` clean boot '' mode.Stay away from this program . DO N'T BUY IT . I have reinstalled the 2007 version.Joeph F. HehirRoswell , GA
 When using this software with a bluetooth gps receiver I 'm getting a screen to actual position lag time of greater than 15 seconds - which just about makes this product worthless . I 've duplicated this issue on 2 different laptops . My bluetooth gps device works just fine with Delorme Street Atlas 2007 - so I have to put the fault with Streets and Trips 2008 . Customer support for S&T 2008 was inane .
 Microsoft Streets and Trips 2008I have used this product for years , but I had to return it because it could ` nt be activated by Microsoft . After installing I coul n'tget the requied code because it woul n't load and show the code . I triedreinstalling to no avail . I 'm still using the 2007 version . Does anyone know of a soloution ? Microsoft site was of no help .
 Microsoft claims Streets & Trips 2008 is compatible with Vista . As distributed , it is not . The installer fails because it tries to install the text-to-speech component for XP onto a Vista system which Vista prohibits so the install fails . If you spend 30 minutes with Microsoft talking about your serial number , purchase location , license key , and verifying it all letter by letter and giving them your phone number and just repeating this to each person , you finally get the answer to find `` data.msi '' on the DVD and run that to install it on Vista . They wo n't tell you that you 'd better be running Vista SP1 or it will fail to install at the end . But if you figure that out for yourself , you can install the program . Wow , pain and agony . Microsoft claims you can install S&T 2008 ; with no problem but then you talk to them and they say the PRE-installer is broken for vista . Oh . . silly me . Its the pre-installer that is incompatible.Funding Microsoft is a mistake . Its like buying an alcoholic another beer .
 There is no real improvement in functionality since MSS&T 2007 and I also did not notice any map updates in my area . What is worse is the new activation scheme as I need a copy on my laptop and my desktop . But what me let return my MSS&T 2008 version to the store was the problem with the GPS tracking . The NMEA connection was dropped after working typically just 1 to 2 minutes . This happened with my Magellan as well as the Microsoft GPSr that I bought together with MSS&T 2007 . I re-installed MSS&T 2007 and it is working flawlessly again .
 I purchased Microsoft Streets and Trips 2008 in September 2007 . I could never get the program to work . It would load correctly but then not kick off . It seems to have something to do with my VirusScan program or a tool from Cisco called CSA - Cisco Security Agent . I talked to Microsoft support for 2 hours one day trying to get it resolved then they would not talk to me again.I finally reached a supervisor who told me it was known problem and that `` Prashant '' was working the issue . I was able to load it on my Desktop computer at home but since I want to use the program for long distance motorcycle riding it 's tough to carry my desktop PC on the road.I would recommend that you find an earlier version of this program and avoid Microsoft Streets and Trips 2008 .
 I 've have at least 4 other versions and they were great . This one has an error in setup and wo n't load . Their support website is pathetic . I would be better off buying another copy than spending $ 40 worth of time to try and solve it . My time is n't worth much an hour either .
 I have been in the market to upgrade my 2004 version in hoping that 2008 version will provide many updates , etc. . With lacking street names and activation problem -LRB- something people would wan na use it on their desktop & laptop -RRB- . The whole point of having a GPS on a laptop is 'cause you are traveling and need to use S&T ; , and while at home indoor you ca n't use GPS functionality and wo n't need one either , but you should be allowed to create routes and bring it along on your laptop if you wish to.So now I want to thank all those who have posted feedback , because they saved me $ 45 and aggravation .
 I have several older versions of Streets ending in 2006 , and the new activation scheme is a real killer for me . It is far easier to use Google -LRB- for free -RRB- and a Garmin -LRB- with custom poi addins -RRB- . Save your money .
 I did not have good experience with this and I suspect it may be actually a bit of a scam operation .1 . The software has many problems . Set it to backup upon mounting a drive ? Does not work . Also all the file dates in backup are shown as `` Jan 1970 . '' Also the setting to erase isolated files in the backup does not work . I am using an absolutely standard iMac with Snow Leopard so these problems can not be unique to me .2 . So I called Tech Support . They promised to send me instructions , but never did . So I called them again . Followed their instructions to email logs . They apparently lost my email . After I posted my first review , they contacted me and wanted me to ` give them another chance ' and test a ` beta version upgrade . ' I did . All the same problems , no improvement . Then they wanted me to create log files and send them ; at this point I told them instead I could send a quote for my consulting services . Who has time for this ? 3 . After these glaring deficiencies surfaced , I became curious about all the glowing five star reviews here on Amazon . Many expressions how great their tech support is , but then I find it useless ?? A startling contrast . Made me suspicious . Unfortunately , there are unscrupulous companies who hire ad agencies to post fake reviews . Of the 17 five-star reviews for this product on Amazon , NONE show it as having been actually purchased from Amazon - very odd . And at least three of the glowing reviews are cross-posted , word for word identical , on the Apple Store customer reviews . Dedicated customers going out of their way to spread the good news , or paid fakers ? The other giveaway is when glowing reviews are posted by individuals who have that one review posted on Amazon and no other . Go check this all for yourself.Can ' t prove it but most of the positive reviews here are of dubious authenticity . So I did further research . Prosoft appears to be one of many small near-bankrupt software outfits rolled up by a shadowy marketing company called `` Global Marketing Partners . '' It appears their strategy is to grab existing software products from near-bankrupt developers at fire-sale prices , invest nothing further , and - I suspect - supply fake user reviews to squeeze a few last sales before the jig is up . Sad how corrupt American business has become.I returned software to Amazon and instead I downloaded a LaCie product from their website , about 30 bucks , called Intego Backup Pro . That one is professionally developed , works like a charm , highly recommend . Works with any drives , not just LaCie .
 As luck would have it , two weeks after I placed an external hard drive with Data Backup 3 installed , my system failed , leaving me with a limited use desktop . When I did the install , I followed the instructions and made a back up , so I thought I would be ok . After many frustrating hours I could not figure out how to restore my lost data . I am not an IT engineer . I am more interested in working with the machine then on it . I had expected that whoever wrote the software would assume the level of education of the operator and make ease of operation a top priority . It looked automated from the GUI , but no mater what buttons I pushed I could not get my machine back to where it was before the failure . What literature I could find used terminology I did not understand . I finally gave up and did an erase and reinstall of my operating system . I was able at that point to open the stored information and then stare and compare folders and files and replace them one by one . So in that respect I was able to restore my folders and files . This was a long and laborious process . I had hoped when I installed this application that I would just have to push the restore button and everything would be magically returned to the old order . So , I would say that if you have a working knowledge of back up and restore , this product will probably work for you . For an average joe like myself probably not so good . After a lot of consultation I decided to go with a product from a group called `` shirt-pocket '' . Their backup and restore product is called `` SuperDuper '' . It looks simpler to use and was recommended by a lot of people when I explained what happened to me , but I guess you never realy know until you have a need to restore .
 I got this software free with the purchase of a OWC external drive . I installed the software and it never worked . I 'm using a one year-old MacBook . I downloaded the updated version . It fails to backup and when I launch the Help function inside the app it crashes the program . I 'm glad I only wasted my time trying to get this to work . I 'd be furious if I spent money on this buggy application .
 Mac 's have time machine why would they want this lame , upsupported , sloppy copy of a built in leopard feature . Time Machine works , Prosoft products do n't there is the difference .
 My Data Backup crashed after a short time of use . It would not start up , even when clicked on . Support had me try four long , complex processes . Each one had an error in it and was replaced by the next . The last is two long pages of very tiny-print instructions that took a long time to do . Nothing worked . It still will not start . My backups are presently useless and not working . Really awful . Frightening!Support is still working on it , but it has been more than a whole day already.The application is not as simple and easy to understand and do as they describe it . The suggestion list and the list of written scripts are in the same list , for just one example of illogic . I chose to be notified , i.e. for it to confirm successful actions and it became annoyingly persistent , and also always stopping computer shutdown , until I launch it . My other backup applications are nothing like that . Fortunately , I have other backup software , or this would be a disaster . Other Prosoft applications I own also have big problems .
 The user interface on this application is pretty straight forward . Backups are easy to set up and schedule . However , when I actually needed to restore data -LRB- hard drive failure -RRB- , I was not able to restore many of my files . What good is backup software if you can not reliably restore them when needed . Support from Prosoft was lacking - some times taking days to get a response .
 I purchased 3ds Max for 3,500 and spent a further 3,000 to upgrade it . I now find that if I wish to upgrade the product yet again to version 4 . Discreet will not let you do it - unless you pay another 1,500 . Discreet are total rip off merchants . Steer clear of them . I have never had any support . I have never had any news about upgrades . Just pay out , payout.I can understand why so many people in London buy the 10 fully cracked version of Max version 7 . The company does not deserve respect.My license number is
 It took my husband and I about 12 tries to install this product and he is a professional IT worker with 30 years ' experience.The program itself is wonderful once you get it running . However , 9/10 buyers will never get this POS installed.WARNING !!! DONOTBUYTHISSOFTWARE.Kid Pix was easy to install but not worth the time.I did n't read the reviews before I purchased this , because Mavis Beacon is the best of the best typing tutors , and it has been for years . I trusted the name Mavis Beacon . Never again . ****** If you have already purchased this software and can not get it running good luck.Here 's what we had to do : Go into the setup program 's properties , software compatibility tab . Set it for 640x480 , AND emulate windows 2000 . After this it should install ok with a reboot -LRB- or 10 -RRB- . If you happen to be running a PC from the late 90 's you might be OK . ****** One final warning - this junk software forcibly installs NetZero and other bloatware on your machine . We found no way to get around it . It 's a shame that Broderbund had to stoop to this level and besmirch the name of poor old Mavis .
 Montage is a simple , no-frills screenplay app that does its job with a minimal learning curve . My introduction to it came when I started a new script a couple of weeks ago , and I found it to be a pleasure to use.One of its features is an auto-complete menu which , in theory , is supposed to present you with a menu of your characters ' names when you type the first letter or two . Say , for example , you 've got characters by the name of Carl , David , and Christine . When you select the Character style , and type the letter C , you should get a menu that displays both Carl and Christine . Unfortunately , this feature worked for me about 20 percent of the time -- the rest of the time I had to type out the complete name.I logged onto Mariner 's user forum and asked if anyone else was experiencing this problem and , if so , is there a solution . Two days later I received an email from Mariner 's tech support telling me that this was the first time they 'd heard of the problem -- and would I please send them the file so that they could see if they could duplicate the issue with their systems.As you can imagine , sending a screenplay to strangers is a scary proposition . It 's a proprietary document , and the thought of someone mishandling the file or even stealing an idea is enough to give anyone pause . But I took a deep breath , swallowed hard , and replied to their email with my file attached -- along with a note that requested that the file is `` for your eyes only . `` A few hours later , I checked back in the forum to see if anyone else had replied to my thread , and lo and behold , there was my file -- attached to a new post that contained the text of my reply email.As you can imagine , this freaked me out , and I sent Mariner tech support another email asking them what on earth they were thinking by posting my proprietary file for all the world to see . And then I discovered THAT email was posted in the thread.You can see how unsettling this would be . I told Mariner that they behaved cavalierly with my screenplay , that I had trusted them , and that they had betrayed that trust . Naturally , THAT email appeared in the thread , too . Finally , they explained to me that any email correspondence that begins as a forum thread will append to the original thread . Why , I asked , did you folks request my file and fail to tell me that ? I would never have sent my file had I known it would be posted in a public forum.I ended this situation by asking them to -LRB- minimally -RRB- notify people that their emails and attachments will appear in the original thread or -LRB- better yet -RRB- change their system so that emails remain private , as we would expect them to be . Mariner responded by deleting my entire thread , which I assume is how they intend to `` deal '' with this problem.I 've written two books and a weekly newspaper column with Mariner Write , and I 'd begun my most recent screenplay with Montage . I was a very loyal Mariner software user and a long-time fan . But they behaved shamefully at every milestone in this sordid affair . They posted in public a proprietary file , despite my request for careful handling . They have apparently decided that their system of posting email correspondence in a public forum works perfectly well . Tthey see no reason to notify people that their files will be mishandled and their trust abused . And , finally , they did what all poor customer-service companies do
 This software is garbage , at least for the latest version of Lion . Several times now , in the midst of a project , I have lost half a page or so of work because this software keeps crashing . What a piece of junk . If you do n't save after every letter , you will probably loose a lot of what you do . I ca n't think of a single writer who appreciates having to re-write because their software is unreliable . Mariner , you have lost my business .
 This software is what was recommended by the software Contour if you wanted to import your Contour outline directly into a text editor to have a running start on your screenplay . Well it turns out that you can NOT import a Contour file into Montage at all yet the parent company of both pieces of software Mariner keeps marketing it as if it has that capability . Very disappointing ! I 'm staying away from these guys , they 're liars and they deserve to be sued .
 While Norton is great protection , this recent edition slowed my computer horribly . Finally I reinstalled with ONLY the anti-virus component and it is back to decent speed . If you are running XP on an older machine , get only Norton Antivirus , System Works is a waste of money .
 I feel really silly . I have a dell computer that I purchased and have allways used Norton antivirus . At the time around downloading Norton 2006 my computer seemed slower . I purchased my pc in 2002 so I thought I just had a lot of junk . I would yearly delete my hardrive and reinstall programs to clear things up but last few years it is slower . Now I have lots of programs but I have removed them from automatically starting on startup . However , I had to update virus protection . So I get this product . After I downloaded it I got an error message saying for some reason it failed to install . Yet I had parts of it on my program list . So to fix it I thought well maybe I need to uninstall 2006 . Maybe I should have done that automatically but I did n't realize it . So after that I try to reinstall and it would n't let me . In the book it came with if it failed to install it directed me to a website with some link to apply a icon on your computer a remove norton software tool . It appeared to remove it so I reinstall Norton 2007 . My computer is not just slow , almost not functioning slow like 5min to ope programs or longer . Then I read up more on norton and many people of all diffent models of pcs and all diffrent years have been acting slow . it takes to much of your computer to use . I used the same icon to totally take out norton off my computer . Hey what do you know my computer is much faster , even faster than it had been . Which makes me wonder about Norton products in general . What happened ? Even more disgusting is no warning on the box . B/c of course you would n't buy it if there was a problem ! Now I 've heard some people have extra files from norton after uninstall so I do have many process when I check the task manager feature and feel this product or the 2006 really screwed up this computer . I have downloaded AVG virus protection and long behold it does find a virus that it removes . Well can it fake that ? I do n't trust anything any more ! But my computer is faster . So becareful with this software .
 Amazon says that this is Vista compatible , but it is n't !!! If you look at the front of the box , it says it works with XP and XP Pro . However , Amazon claims it works with Vista . Check Symantec 's website before buying this ! Their website says that they are working on an update , but they 've been saying this for a couple of months now !
 I did not know by the product descripition that this was not compatible with Vista until it was delivered . But for $ 10.00 + $ 4.00 s & h it 's not worth sending back ! -LRB- I have an XP I will insall it on the next time I use It to go online -RRB- Norton Products have always worked well for me , but this time the wording of the offer was not stated clearly ! You should have -LRB- the seller -RRB- stated that it was not Vista ready !
 Poorly designed and created more problems than it solved such as internal computer errors . I could not install any other software nor could I uninstall Norton 2007 Systemworks . Stay away from this antivirus software . There is better antivirus software available . I will never buy Norton again .
 For years I trusted Norton for virus protection ... no complaints there . When I went to upgrade about a year ago , I was offered to add SystemWorks for a considerably reduced price . Since my computer was a couple years old , I figured it might be good to help fix some of the annoying problems and help keep everything running well . In fact , SystemWorks consumed tons of needed resources and never did offer that many useful or practical solutions to my daily computing needs . The most amazing discovery was that after uninstalling this program -LRB- after almost a year -RRB- my computer seemed suddenly fast again . What a disappointment ! Avoid !
 This software worries me . After almost four years of experiencing abuse to my computer system and the related loss of critical data , I have become extremely wary of Norton.I will be filing a formal complaint with my State 's Consumer Protection Division to investigate this product and Norton 's methods of coercing users to renew their product , quickly on an annual basis.I have been using Norton anti-virus protection on my computer for at least 3 years.Since then , I have noticed a pattern of serious computer crashes within a few days of the annual product expiration date.The cost of repair each time runs me about $ 150.00 . So year after year , I rush to purchase the new product update.Until this year , I wondered about the pattern of annual crashes , then was forced to conclude that my observation of the correlation of serious/expensive computer crashes and its timing was not random , but predictable.How did I draw my conclusion?My spouse 's computer is protected with Norton . We do not share the same product copy . I predicted on September 10 , 2007 that her computer would have a very serious Crash within a few days of the expiration date of the Norton Product . On September 18 , 2007 , about two or three days after receiving the expiration date notice it Crashed.Now bear in mind that , the computer in question is not frequently used.In 2006 , I was forced to replace my laptop , due to my Norton experience . I wondered then about the pattern , but simply dismissed it.Well this year , I will ask the Consumer Protection Division in my State 's Attorney General 's Office to look into the pattern of the problem observed and help to verify if the problem is more widespread .
 Symantec has become toxic ! I do n't know what I am going to use this year , but it will have nothing to do with Norton or Symantec.I have used Norton products since the days of Peter Norton 's Utilities for DOS 3.x . I have been a professional in the world of PC 's and MAC 's since before there were PC 's or MAC 's . I have recommended a lot of Symantec products over the years because a -RRB- they were better-behaved than some -LSB- notably McAfee -RSB- , b -RRB- they offered more useful tools than most , and c -RRB- the different pieces worked well together -- which can not always be said of installations built from several different vendors ' products , even though each one might be superior to the comparable Symantec offering.That has all changed . The basic issue is that it is simply not possible -- without a high level of expertise -- to run security , backup , and optimization products without occasionally making use of the vendor 's product support . Even with a high level of expertise , product support can be important.REALLY BAD PRODUCT SUPPORT WITH PRODUCTS LIKE NORTON UTILITIES , PERSONAL FIREWALL , ANTI-VIRUS , ETC. . CAN BE HIGHLY TOXIC TO YOUR PC ! FOR SEVERAL YEARS , SYMANTEC SUPPORT HAS BECOME PROGRESSIVELY WORSE . BELIEVE ME WHEN I TELL YOU THAT THE FOLKS IN MUMBAI OR PESHAWAR OR WHEREVER THEY ARE PHYSICALLY LOCATED FOR SYMANTEC SUPPORT ARE A VERY LONG WAY FROM BEING TOP DRAWER . THEY ARE A VERY LONG WAY FROM BEING ADEQUATE.THE ADVICE THAT YOU RECEIVE FROM THEM STANDS A DECENT CHANCE OF PERMANENTLY CRIPPLING YOUR PC , AND THEY WILL NOT HAVE THE FIRST CLUE HOW TO FIX ANY OF IT.STANDARD ANSWERS # 1 - 10 FROM SYMANTEC SUPPORT ARE ALL THE SAME . REMOVE THEIR SOFTWARE USING THEIR REMOVAL TOOL , WHICH LEAVES BEHIND A MYRIAD OF DIRECTORY ENTRIES AND ODD FILES THAT THEY WILL USE TO RESTORE THE MESS THEY MADE IF YOU EVER UPGRADE ... AND THEN UPGRADE TO THEIR LATEST VERSION -LRB- SOUND OF CASH REGISTER HERE ! -RRB- There is only one Norton/Symantec product that I will continue to use ... Norton Ghost ... and that in an older version for as long as I can.Why ? Restoring a system hard drive to a known good condition via Norton Ghost is the only 100 % effective cure that I have ever found for a -RRB- software that botches its own installation , b -RRB- software that botches other programs when you install it , c -RRB- THE APPLICATION OF THE SOLUTIONS PROVIDED BY SYMANTEC SUPPORT ... AS I RECENTLY DISCOVERED MYSELF.Even Norton Ghost , in order to be effective , requires some knowledge and planning . The average user who puts everything on one hard drive and does not back up user data separately or who does not know what user data is required in order to preserve e-mail , etc. will experience more difficulty.Man the lifeboats ! Women and children first ! The good ship Symantec seems to have hit an iceberg !
 I was able somehow to install SystemWorks 2007 , but the errors and issues would not stop and had to rollback to my previous 2006 version . I used this version 2007 and it offers nothing new to the 2006 version other than the same ussual UI change bundled with millions of new bugs.Only wish I had found a better alternative than Symantec , I would switch without hesitation.Please spare yourself from this installation nightmare and renew your currently working version . I spent a whole weekend just repairing the failed installation of 2007 and rolling back to 2006 .
 If you have an older systemworks loaded , NSW will go to remove the older GO BACK version . If it does , -LRB- depending on your system -RRB- OK . However , if it wants you to go to Symantek web site and download a GO BACK removal toll , beware . I downloaded it and ran it and it stated it wanted to restart my system . What it did was screw up the partition and crashed the system . GO Back puts your data in a seperate partition . Symantek knows about this and has a `` fix '' you run before loading NSW , but they did n't let anyone know that it may crash your system . On an older PC , without windows restore tool , it works OK . However , if you have a newer PC with a windows resotre loaded and then have an older NSW GO back loaded , it will crash your PC if you use their GO Back removal tool . Emailed Symantec twice , they stated they would get back in 7 days - never did . Hope you have better luck
 I have used System Works on my computer since 2000 . The 2007 version is nowhere as good as the older ones . They have deleted many of the `` real '' diagnostic features -LRB- Registry Optomizer -RRB- , dummed down the rest , and added -LRB- rather forced -RRB- an auto-load Norton Protection Center that takes over the Windows Security Center and can not be easily unloaded . Software should be made to be user-friendly ... this version is nothing like the previous ones !
 After wasting $ $ on Amazon for a copy that was n't Windows Vista compatible , I re-checked the Symantec site only to discover that none of the versions of Norton SystemWorks are currently compatible with Windows Vista . The product description here is wrong and needs to be corrected . Still on the lookout for a product with the complement of features similar to the Norton Utilities that I 've used for years .
 The new Systemworks has a horrible interface . You ca n't see what your options are easily . You ca n't see the status of your components . You ca n't see what version you have . When you load it after loading Norton Personal Firewall 2006 , the Firewall will not load program rules -LRB- you have to uninstall the Firewall and then reinstall it -RRB- . I 'm not sure how the protection works , but the software `` redesign '' was done by an ergonomic moron .
 Having used SystemWorks for years with XP , I was quite surprised to find that the 2007 version will not work with Vista - even though one of the advertisers on Amazon claimed compatibility !
 Program will not install , either as an upgrade to 2005 or on a newly-cleaned system . Hangs , can not be removed . Computer is in an indeterminate state now . I have been a professional programmer for 20 years and a PC user for longer than that . Symantec should be ashamed for releasing this trash on an unsuspecting public .
 My Norton Internet Security program was about to expire . I renewed it last year for about $ 40 . This year I got Norton Internet Security 2007 on a disc . Norton System Works Basic Edition 2007 on a disc was included . The total was $ 70.79 . I ordered the programs on discs because I had so much trouble last year downloading the upgrade to my previous program.The package shipped from Minnesota December 29 , 2006 and did n't get to my office in California until January 11 , 2007 . -LRB- When I checked with Symantec on January 9 , 2007 , I was told the package had arrived . I said it had n't , and that the post office tracking site indicated it had left Minnesota on December 29 , 2006 and had not arrived at my office . The Symantec helper said , `` Yes it has . '' -RRB- When the package did arrive , I loaded the Norton Internet Security program . I tried to load the System Works . It would n't load completely . After four hours of hopping around the Internet from Symantec 's site to the Microsoft site , I packed it in . I cleared the System Works from my computer and tossed the disc in the trash.I later looked at Amazon reviews of other versions of Norton System Works and found a ton of them from people who were as disappointed and as angry as I am with the product.I 'll go with the Norton Internet Security until next year . But I 'll never buy another Symantec product . I 've put a note in my file folder to remind me never , ever , deal with those people again .
 I am not happy with this product . It did n't have the anti-virus that was listed on the ad . I had to go and purchase another edition of Norton System Works to get the anti-virus I needed . I want to return this product - it 's useless to me .
 Buyer beware , and read very carefully . I ordered this for my son so that he could renew his anti-virus subscription , but apparently I did n't read the specs closely enough . This version has no anti-virus component , so I had to return it and order the standard version of SystemWorks 2007 , which does include Norton 's anti-virus . I tried to save a few bucks by ordering Basic , but without the virus protection , it 's not worth it .
 This is a terrible suite.Read the fine print very carefully
 This year , instead of renewing my subscription to Norton system Works 2004 , I thought would be a good idea to bring it up to date . I purchased Norton system Works 2007 . The 2004 version worked fine for several years , while the 07 version could not be installed on my XP professional PC . The Norton `` consumer firewall '' worked perfectly . They make it very hard to get effective help -LRB- unless you want to pay them $ 9.95 per call -RRB- . Several sessions on their complementary `` live chat '' system proved useless . In the end , efforts to resolve the problems simply wasted an otherwise perfectly good weekend . I returned the product to Norton for a refund . Their return procedures indicate that I will wait six weeks to get my money back . Just wonderful !
 Systemworks continues to grow , taking ore hard drive space and messing with more stuff on your computer , and I 'm likely to buy an alternative next time I update . Note it stops working entirely if you install upgrades to your computer - a new hard drive , motherboard , or processor and Symantec requires you to spend a fortune on another copy . I like the basic functions , but there 's too much baggage to recommend this product anymore .
 Tough to upgrade if you have an earlier version on your machine . Also , poor layout of controls make clicking on wrong button really easy . They still have not gotten it right .
 We have complained to our State 's Consumer Protection Division about the Norton product.Two weeks ago , we requested that they look into the product and Norton 's approach in persuading its customers to renew their product promptly on an annual basis.Year after year , we go through this motion -- rush to purchase the online version or the new CD from our nearest office supplier.For at least four years , we have used the Norton anti-virus protection.Since then , we have noticed a pattern of serious computer crashes within a few days of the annual product expiration or renewal date.The cost of repair each time runs us about $ 150.00 . So year after year , we rush to purchase to by the new product update.Until this year , we have wondered about the pattern of annual crashes , but concluded that our observation of the correlation of serious/expensive computer crash was not random , but predictable.How did we draw our conclusion?We own four computers , all of which are protected with the Norton software , but all computers do not share the same product copy.We predicted on September 10 , 2007 that our newest laptop computer would have a very serious Crash within a few days of the expiration date of the Norton Product . On September 18 , 2007 , about two or three days after receiving the expiration date notice it crashed.This particular computer is still down . We just ca n't afford to keep on paying for repairs after undertaking the high cost of repairing another , and another.Now bear in mind that , the one newest computer -- disabled by Norton -- is not frequently used.In 2006 , we were forced to replace one laptop , with a new one , due to our Norton experience.We wondered then about the pattern of crashes , but simply dismissed it.Well this year , we have decided to seek help , from our State 's Consumer Protection Division in the Office of the Attorney General.We have asked them to look into our long and persistent computer problem and its correlation based on the use of the Norton software and its expiration date.Is the Norton problem observed , more widespread?See also : Norton Internet Security 2008 up to 3 UsersNorton Antivirus 2008 1 UserNorton Antivirus 2008 3 User
 I have used Norton for years . Recent purchases of Norton Internet Security and Norton System Works will likely change that . First I bought Internet Security for one computer at a great price because I needed a renewal . Mistake . While my machine is a little out of date I went from a 3-4 minute start-up to over 10 minutes . There is also an annoying feature , which can not be turned off where it keeps trying to load Ghost.So for my other computer I buy System Works . Well it wants you to remove Zone Alarm . I chose not to . Figured it was an anti-competitive thing . I was right . When you leave Zone Alarm installed and a Zone Alarm waring comes up , if you are not there to click accept , in a few minutes it shuts the computer down . `` Nice piece '' of intentional anti-competitive programming . This first reared its ' head during install . Tooking me a while to figure it out so I sat next to the maching all during install so there would be no shutdown . Has happened a few times since . So the `` incapability '' is clearly intentional.It is a shame for such an industry leader to engage in such actions ... oh I forgot about Microsoft . Oh , did n't Symantec sue Microsoft for doing such things to them ?
 No wonder I could n't find the '07 VISTA version at Sam 's Club ... or Walmart ... or Best Buy ! This appears to be bogus . Too bad , I have had Norton as my primary protection for 15 years . Guess they were bought by a company from China that substituted lead for silicone in their workstations .
 NSW 2007 -LRB- or 2006 -RRB- premiere is useless when it comes to VISTA ... and considering it comes pre-packaged with EVERY PC known to man -LRB- desktop or laptop -RRB- this is unforgiveable.Norton AV has an update but that is a far cry from the ~ $ 100 price of SystemWorks that MUST be uninstalled according to MS VISTA.MAYBE with the 2008 versionTruth be known , System works has saved my aZZ a number of time since the 2003 version but now it is useless !
 It does n't work on any system past XP , and the developer does n't support it any more because it 's been discontinued . A complete waste of money .
 This was not what I expected . It cleaned up files a little bit but not as much as I expected.Don ' t waste your money .
 emscomputinginc - seler or Amazone ... . this product not a normal version - it just upgrade . Damn i very angry . And think it will never repeat . If i wana buy bred i do n't go to shop for milk ... but if on milk packege writen bred , who knows ...
 McAfee has been trying for over three months to resolve various problems with the product disabling itself on users ' computers.With an anti-virus product , of course , that 's about as bad a bug as you can get.In my case , the product disables itself every time I use Roxio 's Drag-to-Disc . The forums at McAfee are full of different instances of this same problem .
 Terrible virus scan . Norton is better if it works but Norton also has unsolvable LU problems -LRB- live update -RRB- that actually shut the virus scan down and keep it from operating . McAfee however does things to the computer that are absolutely unwanted and their Spam Killer is a killer all right , even of good E-mail . Right now we 're operating without an anti-virus program . McAfee by the way would n't let us download an update since we use Firefox and they insist only IE will work with them . So , we 're looking for a good one now that will work here . Overrated and underproductive .
 This is the worst antivirus system I have ever used . Panda or Norton are far superior . Contrary to the previous reviewer , I have issues with Mcafee activating features that I do not want it to use , and have disable multiple times , and often stalling my computer by unnecessarily asking me to approve multiple files from the same source , such as a CD that I willingly installed . Look elsewhere , this was supported by the computer I ordered and necessary for my campus , but if you have a choice , choose something different .
 This product works well until it does n't and then frankly you might as well throw it away as the customer support is appalling!I had my Firebox for two months until it just stopped working . Getting hold of customer support was easy enough unfortunately , it 's only available Monday through Friday 6am - 6pm depending on your time zone . Therefore , bottom line if you are a normal working Joe and leave your house early or get home at a normal time of day , you are frankly screwed!Just to rub salt into the wound when the problem started I did take off early from the office and called them just after 5pm . After the customary 30 minutes on hold I got through to a tech and we started a few tests . Unfortunately , then we hit 6pm and I was offered the option of paying $ 150 for `` out of hours support '' or resuming the conversation within their 6am-6pm coverage . Frankly , I was so disgusted that I gave up and bought a $ 40 replacement router . However , a few weeks later I actually had a day off so feeling masochistic I thought I 'd try and fix the firebox , which after all had cost me $ 400 . Anyway , guess what ? Yes , my coverage had expired!So the moral of the story is that I 'm sure this is perfectly adequate router . However , unless you work part time or enjoy the luxury of having our own technicians who can spend their day on the phone with their support do n't waste your cash ! Just buy the $ 40 router and throw it away when it breaks.PS Just by way of contrast I have a two year Panasonic IP camera that just failed . Their support is available 9am to 9pm and it was still covered by the warranty !
 Very nice program . However , I encountered a flaw for HD users utilizing , as I am , A Sony HDR-HC1 high definition camcorder . The program crashes on attempted capture of video from that device . Numerous attempts have been made to rectify the problem , from hours of discussion in online forums to unanswered online requests to Sony support . The software has been re-installed and all capture options carefully utilized -- all with the same crash on attempted HD video capture . I can capture HD video from my HDR-HC1 camcorder to Adobe Premiere Pro 1.5 without problem . The same attempted capture to Vegas 6 crashes that program . The same problem occurs on different computers , so the crashes are not a camcorder or computer defect . So , until Sony rectifies this problem , I would caution potential buyers to be careful of Vegas 6 .
 Malo , y es un `` rip-off '' porque usted paga $ 10 cada tiempo para ayudar por el telefono o e-mail . No paga .
 This product requires the use of very expensive and special Magnetic Ink Character Recognition -LRB- MICR -RRB- toner , or the checks WILL NOT clear the Federal Reserves banks . I could not recomend this product for the personal user . Check to see if magnetic ink/toner is available for your printer and the associated costs before you decide to buy .
 If you really need an invoicing program for your business then LOOK ELSEWHERE.This program is a real disappointment , and most likely a waste of your time and money . It functions more like a stripped-down version of Quicken than an invoicing program . Like Quicken , the program pays bills well , but fails miserably when it comes to invoicing clients the way businesses need to invoice clients . This is somewhat strange because the product 's name is SmartInvoice not Mini-Quicken . The program is full of bugs -LRB- and I have all the latest program updates -RRB- . Access violations occur frequently - leaving you stuck in the middle of creating or updating an invoice . I sent info to the company about the access violations , and received almost childish replies -LRB- re-install software -RRB- . Two requests for support never even received replies.I bought this program hoping to set up recurring invoicing for clients , and found only after loading the program that it ca n't do recurring invoices . This was frustrating , and made the purchase a complete waste for me , so I sent a request to the company to add a recurring invoice feature . I received a response that the program only does recurring bill-paying -LRB- MiniQuicken -RRB- , but not recurring invoicing -LRB- interpretation
 With a bit of luck you will get the software working - and even print some business forms . For me , the system REALY fell apart when I tried to re-order business forms and envelopes . Save yourself a lot of trouble and frustration and look elsewhere .
 Pure garbage . I even upped to the `` Platinum '' version . Here are some of the problems :1 . Address verification does not work , even though button is there . It did in former versions .2 . Total summary information will NOT print in the right place .3 . It tells me constantly there is an update -LRB- ca n't turn it off -RRB- , but will not install after download .4 . Tech support NEVER responds to any request I have . Well , once they sent a boilerplate document that was unresponsive . There is no phone number either.Buy at your own risk .
 I bought this software for about $ 30 . Here is what you do n't find out until later
 I bought this product because I needed checks for my business . What they do n't tell you is you need to purchase their additional software and their specialize ink -LRB- all separate additional costs -RRB- . It takes more time and hassle and also cost more money than purchasing checks from your bank.I do not recommend this product .
 Due to the Incomplete and Inaccurate description provided by G4 this product is NOT worth buying . Beware of buying from G4 with their incomplete description of what the product actually is ...
 What a waste of money . This thing looks like it was written for DOS computers . -LRB- Most kids today have probably never seen or heard of DOS ! -RRB- Not only is it awful to look at but it 's method of `` teaching '' is to test you and then tell you what you did wrong . You ca n't choose what types of problems to work on , just general categories . I wish I 'd never bought it . Go with Schaum 's Easy Outline for Physics instead .
 Nice packaging , but I was expecting more than the very basic CD within . Good to review your physics , but it does n't live up to the claim
 I am a senior in college , and like a lot of people I put off the Physics requirements until the very end . I have found it very difficult to keep myself interested in the course , because the homework assignments are so long and tedious . So , I purchased Excalibur hoping it would be entertaining while teaching me Physics at the same time . Well , it 's not very entertaining and I find it very difficult to actually learn Physics from it . The program is good at covering the basic concepts , so you understand the rules being applied . As far as working with the Math , it is extremely lacking . If you are like me and get the general concepts , but have problems applying the math , then , this disc is not for you . Pencil , paper , a textbook , and maybe a solutions manual to verify you are headed in the right direction , are much more effective study tools .
 I think that the advertisement is a bit misleading . I found no `` tutorials '' , but only practice tests . Apparantly the tutorial part is the examination mode that allows to you click on a brief explaination of why you either got the question correct or not . If you want to take practice tests , and a get quick explainations , then this is for you . If you want tutorials and/or lessons on the physics topics then you 'll waste your money on this . I think the program is very simple to use , however , it 's reminiscent of software from the late 80s and early 90s . Do n't let the graphics on the box fool you ; I expected much more for my $ 40 . Update Oct 2008 . Save your money , if you think that you just Have to have this archaic program , send me a comment and I 'll mail it to you for just the shipping cost . I honestly do n't know what the 5 star raters see in this product.Update 2012
 You can find practice problems like these on-line for free without spending money . Not very interactive it is more like a physics book on the computer . The so called tutorials are just explanations on how to solve a problem that it gives you not the concept .
 I have not bought Physics Tutor . Reading all the rave reviews , I was about to buy it ; then I looked a little further . Almost none of the 5-star reviewers have reviewed other products . Very few of them are `` Verified Purchasers '' . Compare these with the 2-star reviewers , most of whom have written other reviews and are also `` Verified Purchasers '' . The 5-star reviews all have that breathless advertiser 's recommendation quality , with only the highest praise for a flawless product . It is as if the 5-star reviews and the 2-star reviews are written about totally different products . This time I 'll believe the 2-star reviewers .
 What dumb idiot decided to release Volume 1 with random episodes on it . This is not the full season , but FOUR episodes TOTAL . No clue , but do n't waste your time with this one if your after most of the season 1 episodes , I didnt know better and ordered this , now I regret it . Get the others instead!In any saving grace here , the real gem of this disc is the outtakes and bloopers that were extras ' here , as there are a TON of them . Thats about it . Oh . . yea and this set musthave been an after thought to those producing this dvd , because auto start for the disc makes you sit through all of its cartoon/movie promos -LRB- like 5 or 6 of them -RRB- before ever getting to the root menu . Fortunately you can force your way through most of them . Very annoying and irritating . . so skip this disc if you can help it . The episodes for this disc are
 If you 're going to invest in music studio software then you should look at a more professional quality product . This it hard to understand and it wo n't do even a fraction of what I want it to do . Save your money on this and just go for the higher quality software from the beginning withough wasting money on this first .
 The review of the product as having high resolution photos which prompted me to purchase it was completly misleading . The photos were 640 x 480 , -LRB- which I found out after recieving the product -RRB- and high res photos should be a minimum of 1024 x 768 . I completly wasted my money and am very annoyed that this misleading advertising was allowed , did anybody check to see if their statement about what they were selling was accurate?Mike Moroz
 Not what I expected , perfect condition not the sellers fault . Could n't do as much as the web site led me to believe . Do n't use it . Waist of money .
 This software came with my HP 300i DVD burner which I purchased during July 2003 . It may have worked with a given set of hardware and video formats in the lab but it did not work for me . Most of the time it either reported that the file format was incompatable or crashed . It even took XP down with it ! Note that ULEAD 's products -LRB- and others -RRB- had no problems with these files.I see this product as a black mark for Arcsoft and HP . It seems the neither of these firms took the time to do realistic testing prior to shipping it . HP has promised an updated version but we are still waiting 3 months latter .
 In general ArcSoft 's `` Create a DVD '' or `` Create a VCD '' are easily to use . The interface -LRB- s -RRB- are intuitive and a small show can be quickly produced . The trouble begins with trying to write the project to a DVD . Here the `` ShowBiz DVD '' software has a mind of it own . `` ShowBiz DVD '' often does not recognize the perfectly good , blank media . Should you make the grave mistake of trying to author a DVD , you will be punished severaly with crash after crash.My advise
 I have made some nice DVDs using Showbiz 2.0 , but man was it frustrating . Examples
 The product doesnt work - ca n't burn a proper DVD - a 40 minute vhs tape took 4 hours to render and burn - plopped it into the DVD player and no sound . Contacted Tech Support - No phone only email and `` ONLINE '' Support - I emailed my problem and got a message back need version number - after sending version number the response was check our online system . If you cant find the answer there - submit a question DUHHHHHHH - I think I submitted a question . The straight VHS to DVD burns fine , if you plan on editing stay away from this package .
 I too spent a great deal of time working on a project and then found that the system crashed every time I tried to burn a DVD . The editing portion itself is good for anyone starting out doing their own video editing , but if you ever hope to transfer it to DVD then do n't bother with this product . Mine came bundled with my HP 200i but wo n't work at all with this DVD burner . Repeated attempts to get technical help from Arcsoft has just been met with silence on their end - perhaps they too are in the dark as to the problems with this product ...
 Nice interface , but crashes every time with the HP DVD writer . very disappointing .
 ShowBiz is a study in frustration ! I only regret that I ca n't rate it less than 1 star . The program specializes in computer crashes . It simply will not efficiently allow you to create a project , load and edit it , then burn it out to DVD . Along this fairly straight forward route you will encounter repeated error messages including Windows telling you that it needs to shut down ShowBiz because it has created errors . I re-installed the software and even borrowed a second program -- all to no avail . ShowBiz simply will not perform . I gave up and switched to ULead Video Studio 7 and have had NO trouble since . Do n't waste your time , effort and frustration on this dog .
 Software does n't work as advertised , I have yet to create a clean DVD output . Captures video okay but Write to DVD and Export do not work . Both quit partially into the process and report that the operation was successful when the finished file or DVD only contains part of the data . You can watch the progress jump from xx % to 100 % in one step with no errors reported . In export it appears to be a problem with handling larger than 2 GByte files , in write to DVD the stop point appears to be random.Multiple questions to Arcsoft have only resulted in automated replies . Replies to the replies as Arcsoft requests only result in the return message that there server did not accept the reply.I would avoid all Arcsoft products .
 Odd ... it 's very human-friendly , but very computer unfriendly ... Software is usually the other way around , is n't it ? OK , the UI is fine and I 'm able to put together a running video no problem . But , like the other users have complained , it often tweaked my OS -LRB- OK , I 'm still on Windows 98 ' , but it should work anyway -RRB- and absolutely REFUSED to burn DVDs . Like one of the other users here , I was mortified to discover this after spending hours putting together a presentation ... and simply had nothing to show for it at the end of the day.Best to look elsewhere .
 I could have written this material in my sleep.The screenshots are all in notepad with the php manual open in the background , so you can tell the author is looking things up . The monotone narrative voice will put you to sleep.Too many incorrect wordings/terminologies in what I heard to even point out here .
 First thing
 I have a Gateway NV 55C laptop computer that I 'm trying to istall the Photo Printer 4 I just got today . It does n't seem to install . What am I doing wrong?Thanks for your help.Kodo Kawamura
 I bought it and it can only install on a PC 4.0 and 2.0 are listed with Mac PC and this is not true . That is why I gave it a low score . What am I missing with this software ????
 It 's disappointing to spend money on software and later come to realize it has the same suite of features as does many free image-editing websites . Yes , PhotoImpression can rotate a picture . The latest feature ? It can remove red-eye ! -LRB- Again , common features you can find for free on any image-editing website -RRB- . My OS also had some quirks after installation . After uninstalling PhotoImpression , the quirks went away . I decided to pawn off the software but eventually had to give it away.I bought this product because it had a reputation of being a `` poor man 's '' PhotoShop that nevertheless came with a robust suite of features . Believe me , you 're far better off spending a little more and getting what you really want -- a robust application with a complete set of features . It 'll save you time , money -LRB- and your OS -RRB- in the future .
 The program is awful , I still have n't gotten it to work on my MAC yet and ca n't get no 800 support and or anyone from the company to email me back !!! It absolutely does n't work !
 After purchasing this software I figured out that it does NOT allow you to import active ebay listings , nor does it allow you do import orders from listings not made with isale . Definitely read the manual closely before buying it . Which is pretty much what I was told by an isale rep. that I should have done when I requested a refund after purchasing it.If you are starting fresh with no current listings , this MAY be the software for you . If you already have listings on ebay and you think this may be an option for making things faster , you have an unpleasant surprise in store . You can import via csv files , but from what I can tell , you will still have to change many things in your listings to make your listings isale compatible . Not to mention , you would need to be previously using a program that exports to csv files , which some programs do n't . This software has many shortcomings , I recommend you FULLY do your research before putting money into it . It took me over a week to get a reply from them after my first email to them . The replies have been faster since then , but I think that may be due to the fact that I have been complaining.I would recommend you take a serious look at Garagesale and do an in depth comparison before buying isale . If after that , you feel it is the one for you , so be it . Just do n't ask for a refund if you find out later that it does n't measure up ! Also , if you use your . mac account for your picture server as I do , isale only allows you to upload into the main directory . Garagesale allows you to upload pics into specific folders.Isale MAY have a future if they do some considerable updates , but for now , I would pass on it.UPDATE
 I do actually own this software for my Mac , and I can confirm that it 's pretty awful and can only be recommended for those willing to spend the weeks learning its embarrassingly unintuitive interface . I 've had mine for several weeks now , and I still have n't figured out how to save or export my RAW files to JPEG . This apparently is accomplished by a custom-made `` process '' -LRB- in itself difficult to find and configure -RRB- , but nowhere does Phase One say how to execute a `` process '' . The documentation is atrocious , and the online support virtually non-existent . I 'm really not sure what you 're getting for $ 400 , since I have yet to get it do carry out the simplest of tasks.I never thought I 'd encounter photography software that would make Photoshop seem downright intuitive and easy to use , but here it is ! The best thing I can say for this software is that Phase One does allow you to download a trial version to see for yourself how bad it is .
 The software description was not explicit as to which MAC platform it would work on . My Power PC MAC will not run the software so it was returned to Amazon .
 Mac users be warned
 There were not 250,000 images like it said . Only 25,000 and the rest on web but when i tried to get the free 1-year subscription they said it was no longer available for free but for $ 159.00 and that the item i bought was out dated that amazon has had it on the shevles for long time .
 I bought this right after I bought my Palm Pilot Vx . It works great but for as much money I spent on it I expected more . It 's set up okay just not too handy when I 'm looking for something , I might as well use my memo pad instead .
 I have only one thing to say now to Steve Jobs
 Having just purchased iWork 06 a couple of months ago , I 'm disappointed that I 'm being asked for another $ 99 to upgrade to iWork 08 , even though I 've already purchased much of its functionality in Version `` 06 '' . I 'm surprised and saddened that Apple is showing Microsoft-like greed in not allowing people who just purchased the previous version a discount on Version `` 08 '' .
 I bought this for my new Macbook and am thoroughly disappointed . The biggest issue is that when I open a word document , I ca n't type anything . The text is there , but clear . I ca n't change the color to black , changing font does n't work , nothing . Take my advice and download open office for free . It 's just as good if not better and best of all , it 's free !
 In addition to requiring a $ 150 per hour computer specialist to load , the software removed the calulator function off my Blackberry.I 'm sorry I bought it .
 It does not work under Windows XP -LRB- probably the same applies for Windows 2000 -RRB- , just would not install . Who has Win 95 or 98 on their computer these days ?! I still have those useless CDs laying in my flat ...
 I 'm unable to install this software . It says it needs QuickTime . While installing QuickTime , error comes as `` Not enough disk space '' I have 70GB of free disk space .
 I managed to install Typing Tutor -LRB- CD1 -RRB- and get it to run on Windows XP after using the compatibility settings . But amazingly , the program that was installed is Typing Tutor 7 , not TT 9 as the box and the CD face indicates . I 'm not happy about this because it 's completely false advertisement ! I hope it is only a rare instance . After finding this out , I lost all desire to install the rest of the 3 CD 's .
 This is the second review I have written for this product . The first one mysteriously disappeared . I 'm taking a screen shot of this page for future reference , though.I purchased this as an adjunct for my law practice . What a waste.What the reviews do n't tell you is that all FOUR CDs contain a total of about 70 MB of substantive material -LRB- there are demos that increase the size on some disks -RRB- . The `` Forms '' CD has less than 5 MB . You do n't get nearly as much as you think you are getting.Also , the copyrights on several of these programs are from 1996 ! The programs themselves are poorly laid out and contain only cursory information on many topics . If you are looking to avoid hiring a lawyer by purchasing this package , forget it . You may get a general idea of the things required for legal transactions , but I would n't bet the farm on these forms.Bottom line is that you get what you pay for - even if you only pay -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- . Look for something else .
 Bought this as a way to save time in my law firm . Definitely not worth the money.At first it seems appealing that you get FOUR CDs of material . What they do n't tell you is that one of the CDs has only 5 MB of information and another has even less substantive information with a bunch of `` demo '' programs to increase the amount of material on the disk . None of the disks had more than 100 MB on them . In other words , the programs could have all been put on one CD with room to spare.Also , some of the programs were copyrighted in 1995 - seven years ago - even though the set itself is copyrighted in 2001 . Looks like they did n't do much with the programs in six years.The material itself is light on substance . There is little from a legal standpoint that I found useful . Anyone using these templates would have to add a substantial amount of material to make them useable . The forms I reviewed are n't the `` out of the box '' quality one could use to solve a problem.My recommendation is that you avoid this set . For $ 19.95 , you get what you pay for ...
 I used LandDesigner 6.0 when it first came out in 2000 and I thought it was fantastic . I got divorced in 2001 , lost the house , and have n't used the software since . The ex-wife was moving and discovered the CDs and book . I thought I 'd plug in the CDs and attempt to utilize it in my new home . Unfortunately , I could not get it too work properly . The installation software was looking for Netscape Navigator - remember that ? It 's been a long time since I 've thought of using Netscape Navigator . I think this program would work great for somebody who has the time , patience , and know how to retro-fit their computer to run the outdated software - in addition to spending the approximately 4-8 hours they will spend imputing in the dimensions of their lot , house , and yard . I remember being extremely impressed with the accuracy of which it depicted my lot and house - once I expended the hours necessary to accurately measure and input the dimensions . Due to the time you 're going to spend just retro-fitting your computer to get this software installed , I would definitely suggest you NOT spend more than $ 5.00 for this program . Good luck !
 This tutorial may have been state-of-the-art in its day , but it does n't recognize newer versions of QuickTime , and my attempts to install the QT version on the CD just brought up an `` illegal operation '' box . After struggling for a whole day at my computer , I was finally able to view the movie clips by downloading an older version , QT 5.0 , but the SignLinks tutorial feature still does not work . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 What a poor design . Avatars , indeed ! This `` system '' isNOT to be recommended . The interfaces are small and rough , the `` Signing With Avatar Friends '' is totally useless .
 Does n't work . You can hear the audio but ca n't see the video ! Please do not purchase this product if you value your hard earned money !
 I purchased this product a long time ago . Now I have completed 4 courses of ASL at my university and have learned a lot . Like many other customers have said , this product is difficult to install on the computer , which was why I never used it . Today I found it and tried again , but it requires an older version of Quick Time -LRB- apparently -RRB- than what I have installed . I have not actually tried the contents of either disc due to the these issues.TL ; DR
 The first couple of reviews are most apt.Bad product , poor implementation.It 's cheap for a reason .
 I 've been signing for almost ten years , and my wife works professionally as an interpreter . I recently picked this package up as a handy refresher to keep my skills sharp . For under $ $ $ , it seemed like a good deal . Unfortunately , this suite of `` learning tools '' left a lot to be desired . First of all , if you 're using XP , expect a whole slew of compatibility problems . The few programs I was able to get working suffered from very poor interface design , and worse yet , presented the user with incorrect information . For example , the Personal Communicator lets the user type in English phrases to get a video ASL interpretation . What the program displayed for you was a literal English word-order translation of the phrase . Words that did not appear in the sparse word list were then fingerspelled . There was absolutely no consideration of ASL grammar or structure . Thus , a sentence like `` How long have you been an interpreter ? '' was translated with the literal signs for `` how '' -LRB- as in , `` how does this work ? '' -RRB- , `` long '' -LRB- as in `` that road is long '' -RRB- , `` have '' -LRB- as in `` can I have some water ? '' -RRB- , and so on . If you 've ever taken a real ASL course , you know how wrong this is . A true ASL representation should have read something like `` interpreter how-long -LRB- time -RRB- you ? '' In all fairness , creating a program advanced enough to do such an accurate conversion would probably cost much more , but by presenting new ASL students with this sort of misrepresentation is destructive to the language rather than constructive . Another program , the English-ASL dictionary , is nothing more than a copy of a University of Michigan ASL web site , not a carefully designed learning aid for home use.Bottom line , if you 're really serious about learning this wonderful language , do yourself a favor and enroll in a class at a local college or community center . It is the ONLY way to truly learn this language and begin to experience deaf culture . If you want to practice at home , I would recommend The American Sign Language Dictionary 10th Anniversary Edition . It 's far more accurate and does a much better job of teaching ASL grammar , deaf culture , and sign vocabulary .
 This is good for people who know nothing about sign to give them a start but it should be noted that it really is more signed English than American Sign . I am a student of ASL and this was only helpful in providing signs where I lacked them . I think it also should be noted that true ASL requires the sentence structure O-S-V at nearly all times . If the people in your area sign English then this might be okay .
 I saw nothing on the advertisement from Amazon that this software was old and not compatible with XP . Needless to say I wasted my money because I tried to install it and it bombed out . Amazon 's policy is media must be returned unused or unopened . XP has been out for a long time and I do n't know how someone can get away with selling old outdated software . I might not buy any software from third parties like Amazon again . I would rather just go to the store so I can check out the packaging and take it back if it does not work . Or I may buy direct from the makers of the software that will tell you any compatibility problems .
 Needless to say I was disappointed in this impulse buy at a local store . Though it claims to be compatible with `` Windows95 and above '' and while the outside box lists a copyright date of 2003 , the software in fact is from 1995 and does n't come close to installing . Despite having the latest version of Quicktime installed , the installer says Quicktime is not detected and tries to install version 1.0 of Quicktime , and then once you run the program , you get a DirectorPlayer error on startup , preventing the program from loading , saying you need at least `` 3 MB of Virtual Memory . '' My virtual memory is at 1300 MB.One of the discs , a dictionary , works , but the videos are so tiny and grainy that you ca n't see anything .
 I did not like this product it would n't load on any computer I tried it on . They were all new computers of mine and my friends . So I give this asl teaching cds 1 star because I ca n't go any lower
 I received this program as a gift last year and was never able to load more than the first disk onto my computer . The disk I did load was not very helpful and I did not feel `` instantly immersed '' in the art of sign language . Do n't waste your money on this program .
 Ok , I guess my main problem is that I have windows xp and only one of the four programs actually works with windows xp , the others I do n't know what 's going on with them . The one that does work is n't set up in a learning manner at all . It 's more like a dictionary , in fact what I could see from all of them none of them are set up in a learn sign language type way , they 're more like here 's sign language see what you can remember . I feel like I 've wasted time and money on this and it fell short , very short of my expectations which were low to start .
 Hi , This product is horribly misrepresented on the site . Out of the four discs , one is the Visual Dictionary , which is an ancient piece of software created in 1996 . Suffice it to say that I could not use it because it insisted that my CD-ROM should be the D
 I used it for a year and got burned . When my old palm died and I tried to restore the data from the PC to a new palm , it came up in a demo mode that would not let me enter any new data . There was an option to use my invoice to download a new copy , but was even worse - it wiped out all my data stored in the PC . I contacted customer service a number of times and they never responded .
 Great software but do n't buy a new computer and try and transfer your password files . You can not transfer the software or even reinstall it . Repeated calls and messages to customer service went unanswered .
 This book does n't really have much in it . It may be useful if you are going to the country for a few days and want to know some important phrases and words before going there but as a language learning tool , it is almost useless .
 Good idea , nice design , good packaging , problem is it does n't work with Windows XP . And good luck trying to get support from the company , their US phone number picks up an buzzes , their website 's `` FAQ '' is vague , when it 's there , and their on-line `` customer service '' folks are downright rude . Can we give it a negative star ? Same comment goes for the Elmo phone by the same company .
 We never got to install this product . The ssytem requirements on the box say that it needs a sound card . It would not work on our system so we called tech support . They said that you need an analogue sound card and we had a digital . Had they been more specific on the package we would have exchanged it -LRB- it was a gift -RRB- . Now it is open and we are stuck with a useless program .
 The kids loved it ; seemed to be well-constructed ; installation directions were clear and it worked as described . Then , after a few months , the phone keys stopped working . Unfortunately the keys are required to interact with the program.The Comfy website is well-done , with some additional useful information ; however , the phone still did not work . The technical support person I dealt with via email was polite , fairly responsive and tried to be helpful ; however , the phone still did not work . We can pay to have the phone sent back to Israel , but 2 + lbs at international rates is more than we paid , plus its 6-8 weeks in transit one way.What was a great product turn into a great disappointment .
 THIS PROGRAM IS TERRIBLE ... ON TRYING TO BURN VIDEO DVD 'S IT HAS NO SOUND OR IF IT DOES IT SOUNDS LIKE THE `` CHIPMUNKS '' . ON SOME MP3 FILES AGAIN IT 'S LIKE HAVING THE `` CHIPMUNKS '' AT YOUR COMPUTER.TECHINAL SUPPORT ... HA HA HA ... NO HELP ... SAVE YOUR MONEY OR INVEST IN ANOTHER PROGRAM ...
 I purchased Pyro Plus specifically to organize photos , create slideshows and have more control over music playlists . Unfortunately , the program is severely lacking in the image processing department . Cakewalk has failed to meet even the basic fundamentals in image processing with this program and their advertising would have you believe otherwise . Audio features are adequate but are lacking in more sophisticated features such as tempo/beat matching between mixed tracks . Again , contrary to advertising . I personally found technical support to be polite , yet unhelpful and evasive . Their advice was to spend another $ 100 to actually purchase the features that I had been duped into believing I was purchasing in the first place . Thanks , but no thanks ! My advice is to carefully review the features you must have , -LRB- like I did -RRB- , however do not purchase unless you can download a trial version ! This way you will likely find software worth paying for . I hope this saves a few people 50 bucks !
 Unfortunately , I found a PC Magazine article on internet radio recorders after I purchased this product . It is mostly fluff with little functionality . Why ? First the quality of the recording is poor . I tried all the settings I could find including the record levels and most of the recordings have a staticy chop sound like the file was being clipped . The shrink function does n't work or you just ca n't find the program in the task bar . You may get a dozen or more choices to channel/equalizer options but it does n't help the quality of the audio . I 'd ask for a refund , but once you open the package it is unreturnable . Save our money and buy one of the 6 packages recommended by PC . Magazine .
 I purchased `` My Wedding Organizer '' through Amazon because I trust this sight . However , this purchase has been an extreme disappointment . The program will not open . I have contacted the My Wedding Organizer sight 3 times , and their technical assistant , but they will not anwer their phone nor will they respond to email . This was a waste of my money . What is my recourse?Penny Bolton
 I was so excited to try this product out ! It is definitely NOT user friendly . After a lot of work and frustration , I created a beautiful slide show of my twins ' first year of life . I anticipated playing it back on our television during their birthday party . Recording this finished product to disk was a bit difficult . Once I accomplished that , I was HIGHLY disappointed with the quality . When you `` preview '' your slideshow on the computer , it comes up `` small '' and the quality is fantastic . When you play it back `` full size '' on your computer , the quality is VERY poor . Therefore , I do n't think I 'll even attempt to view it on television , at an even bigger size ! I 'm disappointed to say the least . I like that I have a slideshow , and it is Pooh themed , with music to boot , but I sure wish the quality were a lot better .
 You know it 's bad news when the company website does n't even list this product anywhere on their website . It 's not under their list of products , it 's not under their support links , it 's not listed on their downloads/upgrades or message forum.Sure this product is very minimalistic in functionality . I expected that . What I did n't expect -LRB- outside the lack of web based support -RRB- was the fact that the audio from the video does n't come through at all . There 's very little options , so the only thing I got to play with was a slidebar that had `` music audio '' on one side and `` video audio '' on the other . When placed all the way to `` video audio '' , nothing comes out . I double check the original audio files and sure enough , there 's audio.You 're better off getting just about anything else that 's out there in the market . This one is going back to the retailer that I purchased it from .
 after installing it I had to right click the programs properties and set it up for windows 95 compatibility settings because it would n't respond in windows xp then it worked however everytime I looked up any article or word with the encyclopedia it would produce no results . . -LRB- font was n't showing up -RRB- no information on the subject so tell me . . what good is the encyclopedia if all it shows are pictures . . I might add some topics do have information and tells u about it like `` canals '' for instance but in the dictionary it produces nothing so far . some only show pictures but no info . . I am still playing around with it but so far not impressed at all . ------- just now discovered the software had a TROJAN embedded in it !!!! very upset about this ! And worst of all there is no way to uninstall the program . do NOT I repeat do NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !! product cost me very little so rather than hassling with a return I have to take a loss on it !
 After installing this software , my PC was so unstable , First it sometimes shut down for some reason and automatically reboot.Finally it shut down and tried to reboot , but windows did n't run and shut down again . It repeated by itself nothing torepair.Fortunately , windows XP ran once , why it ran at that moment , it is very lucky . I removed the junck software and PC worksfine . It is definately the cause.Additionaly , Roxio URL does NOT include `` Easy CD&DVD ; Burning '' for support.I recommend not to buy this one , or to change the name to `` Easy CD & DVD burning with much confusion ''
 Does n't work . No help from their product support website . Ca n't get it registered . DO NOT buy this junk !!!
 I bought this software at a local store to burn some disks for a friend 's birthday gift . In the end the cds never worked , wasted dvds and time , the box is now in a heap of useless computer junk from years past . Do n't let the price fool you or better yet let it be a warning . Piece of crap .
 I bought this because I had success with Roxio products in the past . This would have to be a lot better to rise to the level of junk . It is total garbage . Do n't buy !!!
 I own this product . It no longer works . Where Roxio has a fix for Creator 2011 and 2010 , they have nothing for earlier software . VERY BAD . I will never buy another Roxio product !
 I purchased this software about six months ago not realizing it was not supported and there were never any updates for it . While it seems to run okay in Windows XP and even in Windows 7 , it does have issues with the error message about the trial period being over . The only fix I found for that was to uninstall and reinstall it.Roxio 's forum indicates there is a newer version of this program , but I ca n't find it anywhere not even on their own website . I do n't recommend purchasing this especially since it came out around 2006 . Why is it still on store shelves , I ask?I 've been using Roxio products long before they acquired them , but over the past few years their products have definitely become too unstable . If there were a comparable product I would go with another company , but I ca n't seem to find anything out there . All I need is a program for backing up data files to CD/DVD . I do n't need the video editing and other features in the more expensive version , or backing up my entire hard drive . I use other programs for those tasks.I definitely do not recommend this program . Save your money .
 Too complicated - Ca n't use . I just want to copy some cds that I have previously made . Ca n't do it . I once had a previous edition of Rozxio that would copy `` anything '' in almost one step . Wish I had it back .
 I had an earlier version of Easy CD Creator on another computer , with music files already stored . Roxio , since acquiring the product from Adaptec , no longer supports the old format -- which would have been good information to know BEFORE THE PURCHASE ! I already had Nero and would not have purchased this software if they had been forthcoming and stated that information on a disclaimer .
 This product is not the real thing . It does n't function at all . In all categories , I receive a message stating `` your free trial period is completed . '' I paid for this item and it is totally useless to me ! I did n't ask for a free trial period period ! I tried the Roxio website for FAQ -- no help ! I wrote to the company and also -- no help ! I truly expected to receive a fully functioning product when I purchased it from Amazon . I uninstalled and reinstalled the product . Nothing but frustration through the process . It does n't work !
 Installing this program on a computer running Windows XP a HUGE problem . After installing Window gives the message that the software will cause Windows to become unstable , and that Windows prevented the drivers from loading . Then sends you to Roxio website for patch . The patch did not work , and their support service provides a resolution that involves editing your computer 's Registry , a task I do not want to attempt.By the way , the only way you can speak to a live person is to pay $ 35 per hour , more than I paid for the program itself.Totally frustrating software for XP .
 I have used Adaptec Easy CD Creator since version 2.0 I just purchased CD & DVD Burner brand new from Amazon . And now I discover it 's a `` Legacy product ! `` It does n't recognize EITHER of my DVD burners , both of which are MORE THAN 2 YEARS OLD with firmware updates . One is a Toshiba , the other is a NEC.I went to Tech Support at Roxio and started a `` ticket . '' It still has not been answered after more than a 2 weeks . I have tried twice to Live Chat - no one is available , though I 'm `` first in the que . '' There is no phone number for technical issues , just `` customer support . '' In short , there is effectively no technical support for this product at all.I see at the Roxio forum that the product is incompatible with Internet Explorer 7 . We 're supposed to `` roll back '' to IE 6.0 . I have a new install of WinXP and rolling back is n't an option . Besides , if a piece of software does n't work with the most ubiquitous Internet Browser , it needs a patch , or , it needs to be pulled off the shelves.In sum , this is the worst `` new '' product I 've purchased in years , and the tech support is also the worst I 've experienced in a long time.My money is simply shot with no hope of this software ever working . That is unacceptable . When this happens to me , I stop buying software from that company ... for good . That means Roxio has lost a faithful , long-term customer .
 After reading mixed reviews about Roxio Easy CD & DVD Creator , I decided to give it a shot based on past experience with Roxio products . I 've used Roxio products in the past to make flawless music CD creations and copies . Recently , I updated my CD-R drive with a DVD-R burner from a reputable company . The software that came with the burner was n't exactly what I was looking for , so I decided to give Roxio a shot . I have had nothing but success making music CD 's -LRB- both copying and making MP3 cd creations -RRB- . When it comes to copying DVD 's . . this is where the problems start . Although this software does n't allow you to make copies of DVD 's with copy-protection , there are ways to get around it with the appropriate software . Whenever I open the Disc Copy feature , and insert my DVD -LRB- from my personal collection to back-up -RRB- , the program freezes , and basically renders my computer helpless . The Disc Copy program is still open , but it will not allow you to click on any of the buttons in the program . Windows Task Manager -LRB- ctrl + alt + del -RRB- allows you to end the program , but my computer still does n't cooperate . I can not open 90 % of my programs after this happens , and if you attempt to shut down windows -LRB- ` restart ' or ` turn off ' -RRB- it will just go back to your desktop window from it 's half-way attempt after your screen has transitioned from color to b & w . If you use DVD Shrink -LRB- free download -RRB- and save the movie to your hard drive , and then go to the Disc Copy feature and pull the film from your hard drive to back up , it does n't freeze for some reason . -LRB- But I have yet to make it all the way to a 100 % copied disc without getting a write error message ... so far about 5 attempts equaling 5 more coasters to add to my desk -RRB- . Let me note ... I did go to Roxio 's home page to update the software , and my DVD-R firmware is the most recent to date . After all of this ... still just frustration . Roxio 's tech support is a joke , and apparently you have to pay for phone support . Other reviewers had the exact same problem , so it is n't just a freak glitch . I should have listened to my gut and went another route , but decided to give Roxio a $ 30 donation . So in a nutshell , if you 're planning on using this program to make copies of DVD 's ... SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 Loaded it on my laptop . It says that a compatible device was not found.Went to website , downloaded patch . It said I had the latest patch already.Everywhere you go on the roxio website , it tells you you can upgrade to version 8 for $ 20 off . It still is more than $ 50 and if Version 6 does n't work , why would I throw more money at the problem?I could find no usefull information on the website and no way to speak to someone.I took it back to Best Buy . They said they could only exchange it for the same piece of junk . I went next door to Staples and they said if I bought software that does not work from them , they would refund my money if I bought it back within 14 days . So , I found a new source for software.Pros : It did not crash my laptopIt did not cause the modem to dial international callsCons : Does n't workno tech supportdoes n't workno tech support
 I wish I had n't purchased this product . Once installed I was never able to get any of the features to run because of one error after another and finally my computer froze or hungup , and I had to run my computer in `` safe mode '' to get to the program and delete it , and then run a rebuild to get my computer back to where it was before the installation , and since this , my computer boots much slower than it did before I installed this program . I 've since purchased Nero and it works much better for me , it is a bit complicated . I 've also purchased a program from Avantrix , which I appreciate as a senior citizen because the language is not lofty of complicated it is the simplest program I 've ever used , for instance if you point to a disc format that it does n't support , it simply fades out . Most of the `` thinking '' is automatic .
 I havent used this progam a lot but from my experience so far it is not impressive in the least bit ... I tried to create a dvd from home video and for some reason it will not burn it to dvd ... The programs have a lot of whistles and bells but if you cant burn your project to dvd or cd it really doesnt do any good unless you just want to store it on your computer . Considering this software is for cd and dvd burning that is what one person would expect it to do . . No bang for your buck here it is a good thing that it didnt cost much !!!
 This product is not even named in the drop down menu on the Roxio website so you ca n't register it . If you ca n't register it , you ca n't contact customer service or get updates . It 's a catch-22 . You ca n't fix the problem about being unable to register it , because you are unable to register it . Because you ca n't register it , you ca n't get any online help about it . Since Roxio 's website does not recognize that this program exists , you ca n't even get information in frequently asked questions . If Roxio does not recognize that this program exists , then why should you buy it ? Save yourself the grief .
 It is easy to install , but other than that , this software does n't offer anything good . If you are lucky , you may be able to burn some CD 's and DVDs -LRB- at least once in a while -RRB- . I was able to burn a couple of DVDs -LRB- just data , nothing fancy -RRB- , but have a lot of trouble using it for anything else , the user interface is one of the worst I have seen ; overall the experience using this product is quite poor.Believe me , it is not worth the $ 30 dollars I paid for it . If you get it for less than $ 5 in a bargain bin or as a gift , give it a try , it and make it work for you ; otherwise save your money and get something better .
 This Roxio software has caused me the most bizarre and frustrating experience ever . First , it does n't work . Second , I can not obtain any support from Roxio to find out why . They wo n't give support until you register , the only way to register is to follow a web link that comes with the software , and it takes you to a website that either does n't exist , or is always down . Thus , it turns out to be a complete waste of money , not to mention several hours of time . RUN , do n't WALK away from this software and this company .
 Corel has done to Roxio CD burning programs exactly what it did to Jasc Paint Shop Pro , which is to say ruined the whole shebang.Just as I went back to Jasc Paint Shop Pro 7 after having tried Corel 's horrible Paint Shop Pro X , I 'm going back to Roxio Easy CD Creator 5 Platinum , which does work with Windows XP and reliably turns out a quality CD.This new waste of time and money is NOT backward compatible -- you ca n't even read open CDs created in REAL Roxio programs . The system requirements for authoring DVDs are much higher than those listed for merely installing the program . -LRB- I 'll go back to Nero Essentials for DVDs . -RRB- I would not have purchased the program at all had I known that in advance . Although Corel claims it works under Windows XP , it is slow to install , balky in use , and not particularly capable when it does work.Roxio easy CD & DVD burning is a huge disappointment , and in my opinion , not worth the money .
 Is it quite beyond the capacities of modern programmers to include written INSTRUCTIONS with their products ? I am tired of trying to use products which offer me a series of on-screen icons , and assume that I know their purposes , and how to use them . Worse , some of them depend on previous steps having been taken -- links between sound sources and the recording process , for example -- without any indication that these steps are necessary , let alone guidance on how to take them . THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE IS ALIVE AND WELL -- FOR GOD 'S SAKE USE IT !!!
 Do n't waste your money on this crap . First it is not user friendly in any way , shape , or form . Second it will burn files and folders for backup but there is no option for creating a system image -LRB- ghosting -RRB- . I will switch to real player professional , at least they know how to create intuitive software . Too many programmers today create what they want and do n't have the customer in mind when creating layouts , Roxio is obviously one of them . Unfortunately , opened software can not be returned , so I guess I will just toss it in my fire pit and learn from my mistake . If you feel the need to waste your money , feel free to purchase this junk .
 I FIND THAT NEITHER OF THE TWO DISCS WHICH I PURCHASED DOES THE JOB AS WELL AS MY OLD ROXIO BASIC , WHICH WAS LOST IN A COMPUTER CLEANUP SEVERAL MONTHS AGO . HAVING MISPLACED THE DISC , I ORDERED VERSION 10 WHICH DOES NOT WORK WITH MY COOL EDIT PRO , SO ORDERED THE ROXIO VERSION 5 AND GOT THE # 5 PRO -LRB- NOT BASIC -RRB- WHICH LOOKS TOTALLY DIFFERENT AND DOES NOT WORK AS EASY AS THE OLD BASIC VERSIION . AFTER MANY HOURS OF TRYING TO DRAG MUSIC INTO THE BURNER FROM MY COOL EDIT PRO , AND TRYING TO FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS , I HAVE GIVEN UP , BUT HAVE NOT BOUGHT ANOTHER BURNER YET . BUT I HAVE MUCH MUSIC WAITING TO BURN FOR MY WEBSITE MUSIC LINE -LRB- YOSEMITERADIO.COM -RRB- IAM ONLY INTERESTED IN MUSIC , NOT VIDEOS . THE MUSIC WAITING IS FROM OLDER VINYL WHICH I CLEAN UP AND USE ON THE WEB SHOW . THIS IS NOT A FAULT OF AMAZON . I AM JUST LOOKING FOR THE ROXIO BASIC 5 .
 I happen to have a computer that is running windows 2000 pro as an OS and this product is suppose to work with that system but it does not ! I 'm still working on the problem but no resolve as of yet . If anyone has any suggestions let me know , Roger
 I purchased this program for a mere -LSB- ... -RSB- dollars , but it came with a twenty dollar store rebate -LRB- which I have not received yet -RRB- All told it should only cost me ten dollars . That is a good thing since that is all it 's worth.The good news for me :1 . It is simple to use and provides an easy way to burn and copy CD 's 2 . It does have a simple sound editor3 . It does provide an easy to use way to convert old LP 's to digital filesThe bad news : The label portion of the program is almost totally useless ! I have not found a way to import song titles . You ca n't change the font color . When you try to print out a CD jacket , it prints it way to big to fit in a CD case . Combine this with an awkward interface and it 's junk.NOW FOR THE REALLY BAD NEWS
 This program looks good at the outset . It does , however , not load until one has cleared out any other CD DVD burner program . So far it has been worthless , for my purposes .
 No fault of the product , my computer did not have software for DVD . This product is for formatting computers that does .
 Instant garbage . Not worth the hassle of returning . Roxio a fine software manufacturer , no longer makes or supports this version .
 I had to install the software atleast three times , contacted the tech support , and nothing helped , the software did not work with window XP , had to uninstalle and and keep with it with other junks that I have .
 I used to be able to `` convert '' a song from a commercial CD to a WAV file in the computer with the older version . Newer versions only allow you `` rip '' to MP3 . This is going backwards.Also I am not allowed to burn a DVD with WAV files . Not much use to me.Miguel Melgar
 Although Amazon has this item listed as Vista compatible , please be aware that it is not a happy couple ! If you have Vista/7 , or plan upgrading soon -LRB- Support for XP ends spring of 2014 -RRB- Then I would suggest spending just a little more and buying at least the 2011 version which works like butter .
 I find this Roxio burning program to be very time consuming and expensive to use -LSB- wasteful -RSB- . It seems every other time I use it , it complains about `` something wrong with this disc '' half way through the burn or failing to perform simple disc erases . I quit counting how many CD-R and DVD-R discs I 've thrown away because of Roxio 's nonsense.I finally quit using it . Now I simply fire up my old , FREE , `` CD BurnerXP '' program and it pops out perfect discs every time.It 's just live and learn . The Roxio hype turned out to be a joke.MR
 I 've use version 5 for years so I thought this might be a little better.I had not used it since installation but today I wanted to burn a DVD and got the message `` trail version expired '' . I check the box and no where does it say that it is a trial version . How many people would spend $ 25 for a trial version ? This has the earmark of a class action suit . How many people got riped off with this one . Never again will I spend money on roxio .
 When I first installed this software , it worked just fine for coping music CD 's and copying data to DVDs.Then I noticed after having it for a few weeks , that my computer would n't recognize my CD/DVD burner . I uninstalled this software and the computer still would n't recgonize the drive . I eventually had to restore my HDD to a week before and then my DVD drive came back to life.I reinstalled Roxio Easy CD & DVD Burning once more and the same thing happened.I would n't recommend this particular software for anyone .
 I believe $ 30 was the amount I paid for this , It might have been a little less but I 'm not really sure I care at this point . Now . . I can think of a lot of things I can get for thirty dollars , and every last one of them is a better purchase than this non-functional waste of hard drive space . Now , if someone who is normally pretty adept at using and maintaining a computer ca n't get it to burn a single , basic dvd properly , despite spending hours trying to get some form of technical support that means anything , it should be a crime to put the word `` easy '' in the title.Maybe what they were referring to was how easy it is to fool their loyal customers into buying trash , simply by putting their name on it . I do n't think I need to include an real specifics , suffice to say I 've encountered multiple problems and errors and done anything within my power to fix them . Unsuccessfully.This program is definately the worst I have ever used , for ANYTHING , not just burning dvd 's . Add me to the list of customers Roxio has lost , please .
 I recently purchased the software above only to find it does not support my dvd drive -LRB- HL-DT-ST RW/DVD GCC-4482B -LRB- 1.00 -RRB- I have unsuccessfully tried to contact roxio support three times . No response . I did go through the long list of supported drives and also emailed my problem to Roxio . Needless to say , I am very disappointed and do not recommend the purchase of this software.I have a new Gateway desktop that came with the above drive .
 I used Easy Creator 4 for years . Bought new computers so bought Easy Creator 6 . It will not work on 2 E-Machines with XP . It wipes out CD rom drive so that it is unusable . I requested tech support 6/12/06 . It 's 7/15/06 and I am still waiting . I uninstalled it . I found Easy Creator 5 platinum on Amazon and ordered it . It works .
 Every Roxio product I 've -LSB- tried -RSB- to use demonstrates that the big brains that develop such `` software '' -LSB- I 'm being kind -RSB- , do n't actually use it . If the product does n't fall flat on the claims , destablize your system or freeze at random , it simply wo n't load/open after a given time , -LRB- always after the return period has expired -RRB- . Roxio spends more time putting together a long list of fancy claims boxed in a fancy package than they do on actual product development , and it turns out to be junk -- not fancy at all.And `` customer service '' from Roxio ? `` Customer service '' and `` Roxio '' should never be used in the same sentence -- that 's enough to actually crack me up.I am genuinely perplexed as to how this money-grabbing operation referred to as `` Roxio '' stays in business , except on the repeated ignorance of the buying public .
 This trash worth less than a penny !! . It comes with no uninstall program . After two weeks a message of `` Trial version expired '' appears on the screen ?????? . It cost me about $ 30.00 ! . This software write a lot of unauthorized registry entries . It also installed the -LRB- unwanted -RRB- Net framework ! and made the PC slow .
 I bought this Roxio software and installed it on my XP system and up came a Corrupted Error report . When I went to get the details this is what came up next
 Gives message `` Trial version has expired '' shortly after installation . The only proposed solution Roxio gives is to go on a safari through your computer 's registry to fix the problem . Do n't waste your money on this trash .
 This product is not one that Roxio provides technical support for and customer support is even worse . Do not buy any Roxio product .
 I downloaded a Roxio video decoder . It did not work , and I tried to contact the company via their online help . They never returned my e-mail . I 'm out the $ 18 I spent on the download , but I will never patronize this company again .
 I found this program simple , easy to operate . However , when creating a DVD project I used a narration for my audio . The narration matched each picture perfectly , when I decided to burn it all of the audio was thrown off . Do NOT count on any tech support . They offer an online chat with tech support but do not respond or are not online at all . You have the option of forking over $ 35 PER INCIDENT in order to get a real live person on the phone - but it still does not guarantee it will help . And now , I 'm not even able to burn it !!!! I hate this program .
 Try to find this specific product anywhere on the Roxio Product Website ! It does n't exist . I believe I know why . I purchased the software 3 weeks ago at Office Depot and have been unable to use it since because of a glitch in the registration process . Roxio 's internet servers will not recognize when my computer is connected to the internet , and since this software requires registration of the product before use , it is impossible for me to use it . Furthermore , Office Depot would not allow me to return the product for a refund . This software is a rip-off !
 First of all , this software performs like someones term project . Why havent these guys been sued yet?Pros : Nice retail packagingCons : Not testedDoes n't burn all your filesNO supportOverall a waste of money
 Earlier versions , like 2007 , I loved and it produced great photoshows . All of a sudden when I try signing in I get a message that my trial period has ended ... and I paid for it a long time ago ! Then I tried signing in again and I had to insert my email address and password . A message popped up telling me I could not get in . I was told to use a different browser ! I found a work-around on my own but it did n't last long . Like others , I complained and got a `` ticket '' number after I chatted about an hour with online chat on how to solve my problems about not being able to get in , and then to have the program hang and hang and hang . I uninstalled it from my Windows 7 , although it worked fine for a time on 7 and XP , and thought that my buying it AGAIN it might work . NOPE . Cleverbridge is the clearing house for buying many programs besides Roxio . By writing to cs@cleverbridge.com I quickly got a refund on my credit card . I really loved this program when it first came out and made many great photoshows , but now it really sucks and DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM OR ANY ROXIO PROGRAM . TECHNICAL SUPPORT WILL HAVE YOU RUNNING AROUND IN CIRCLES AND I CA N'T EVEN UNDERSTAND THEIR LANGUAGE , LIKE `` cut and paste your error message , paste it to Windows Paint -LRB- which I do not have -RRB- and there are about 30 other steps after this . I GAVE UP . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON ROXIO PRODUCTS . THEY WILL DRIVE YOU CRAZY .
 I thought my computer -LRB- s -RRB- were the problem , pc 's , with my burned DVD 's not working about half of the time until I read these reviews and know it 's the software . Not a good buy in my opinion . Will be finding new software as soon as I finish this review .
 This product was not compatible with the video files that I wanted to burn onto a DVD . The online product support was very lame . Ultimately , I was told I needed to upgrade to a much more expensive Roxio product in order to achieve compatibility with the video files that I wanted to burn . I was n't offered a refund or a discount on the new product , which I ended up purchasing nonetheless .
 I bought this software `` cheap '' -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- after an `` instant rebate '' and mail-in rebate -LRB- that should have been a tip off -RRB- from a major big-box office retailer . I am running XP Service Pack 3 on a custom built computer with plenty of ability to run such a package . Right now I have Roxio Easy Media Creator 7 installed and it works fine copying , burning and making libraries and projects with CDs and DVDs . I have been happy with this version . However , because it 's 6 years old , I decided to try a newer Roxio product because I plan to upgrade to Win 7 and thought a newer package would be compatible with the new Windows.My purchase was a big mistake . I am a fairly experienced computer user 20 + years , so I should have known better . Basically , as in most things , you get what you pay for , so the low price should have been a warning . It turns out that this is 3-year old software -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and it 's slow . Yes , I got it to install OK and it removed my Roxio 7 and it was able to use it to copy a CD . However , it has a clunky interface and , in my opinion , is worse than the older product it sort of replaced . Fortunately , I have `` Rollback 8.0 '' on my machine -LRB- a great 5-star program by the way - it 's saved me numerous times -RRB- and was able to go back to a previous time and got rid of this Roxio product . Now it goes in the trash.After reading reviews of the latest Roxio products , I am going to stay away from all of them .
 If you want the very basic functionality then this is the product for you . But you can achieve this with Windows built-in features also why pay money for a product . Unfortunatley I found out after buying.The installation and using the software was very straight forward and without any problems .
 Roxio Easy CD & DVD is anything but easy . That 's because it causes my PC to freeze and turns blank disks into trash . Even after I use the Task Manager to close frozen windows , the CD drive is locked shut until I reboot.This PC is less than six months old , and it does n't have any hard drive or registry issues - at least it did n't before I loaded this software.I 'm really kicking myself for not taking a look at these reviews before I purchased this . The Windows Media Center software that came with my PC does it all better anyway.Live and learn.NOT recommended ,
 I bought this software to copy my mini DVDS . After installing I got error message after error message ... it kept needing to update the directory . The software did start working at this point . It copies the DVDs just fine but I can not burn a new DVD . I have the same problem as a few people have already mentioned before . It does not recognize my DVD burner ... NEC . I attemtped to contact their support and also learned its not supported -LRB- although I just bought it -RRB- . I called NEC and my DVD burner is working and the driver is up to date so the problem is the software . I would stay clear .
 This software has crashed my system so many times , I actually bought a new computer thinking it was my system , and of course their tech support strongly suggested it was a system issue . And that supports costs me $ 25 dollars , per issue . Some issuse I think were related , such as my system crashing and their software failing writes , were charged seperately . Add the new computer and you have $ 1,075 wasted.And even when it did work , I would have 4 out of 10 writes fail on me . They kept pointing to the recorder.Well , after months of this BS , I did a fresh install from the recovery disk on my new computer and installed another software program . Nero 6.6 , and since then I have not had a single system crash , 60 out of 60 succesful writes , and a program that is full feature and WORKS as they advertise.No more crap for me , and no more wasted calls to Support . Or should I say Lack-Of-Support !!
 i suppose this will create a dvd easy enough but i got it to burn video_ts files and it just does not do so , even tho it claims it will . the directions have you choosing a menu option that doesnt exist and when i contacted suppport i got back a list of online sourses that i was instructed to plow through looking for a solution , my actual question was simply where was the menu option i was supposed to have because it sure isnt where it is stated to be
 I often read product reviews but until now I 've never written one myself . This pathetic excuse for software has finally given me the inspiration to do so . These guys did a really bad job of testing their software before releasing it . It 's obviously not ready . After installing it the first time , I did manage to make two CD 's but that was after two failures and one of the CD 's that it did make caused my system -LRB- and my wife 's -RRB- to crash . I never did get the `` Creator Classic '' to work . It gave me a failed API message whenever I tried to run it . I took Roxio 's advice and reinstalled the SW , but that did n't work . I went to Roxio 's website but there is no mention of this SW . There were some support solutions that were posted for their other SW so I tried those , but they did n't help . I downloaded a utility to see what was going on in my computer when I tried to run Creator Classic . The problem was the SW could n't find a couple of files that should have been placed in one of the Roxio subdirectories by the installation program . Thinking that my anti-virus SW was messing up the installation , I reinstalled it again with my AV stuff turned off . The result was Creator Classic did n't give me the failed API message but it would immediately terminate itself . Perhaps the SW would install right if I had done a custom installation , but I 'm not going to waste any more of my time on this peice of junk . I just wish I had read some of the other reviews before buying this product from a store .
 caused my CD drive to stop working completely . When I tried to update it I got the black screen of death `` windows could not start normally '' . Thank god I had a roxio removal tool -LRB- cant even uninstall it without a special tool -RRB- AVOID
 I bought this hoping it was basically an updating of CD Creator 5 -LRB- the classic `` blue box '' -RRB- . It was n't . This is a badly done program that runs you over the river and through the woods , and when it 's all done may or may not burn the disk . The added bonus is that it locks up your computer half the time -LRB- I 'm running XP SP2 with the updates installed -RRB- . Ever since Roxio took over , Creator has gone steadily downhill . I uninstalled this and dug out my old Creator 5 disk . It installed and works perfectly . It 's still the best program for burning CDs -LRB- Pinnacle Studio gets top honors for DVDs , not counting professional-level products in the $ 700-up category like Adobe Premiere -RRB- . If you want to burn CDs with a current program , or want a basic CD-DVD combo program , go with Nero . It 's far better than anything from Roxio -LRB- Easy Media Creator is a mess -RRB- . Nero is stable and it works as advertised . I use it sometimes and have no complaints ; I just prefer Creator 5 .
 When I installed this product , it renamed all my audio files -LRB- for example some to simply Track 01 -RRB- and then dumped them all in a misc file . All the audio files were tied to another program and I could n't find half of them . Unfortunately I did n't notice this until I went back to work on an old project . I could n't afford to go ` back in time ' and reset my computer.Even without that nightmare , this program sucks up all my memory to run and it 's not very good to begin with ... I 'm pretty savvy with audio software and this is all over the place . Terrible .
 Could n't get it to work so I forgot about it for awhile . I went back to using it some time later and a window kept popping up telling me that this software trial version had expired . No place on the box did it say it was a trial version . No help at their website either . It wo n't search for an update because a window pops up and says it ca n't recognize it . Ever since Sonic Solutions took over Roxio they have produced nothing but junk .
 While it will allow you to save and edit what you saved for two or three times , it abruptly switches to read-only without asking you if you want it that way or prefer the ability to add to or edit what you saved on cd-rw , or add on to cd-r .
 I bought that combo package and the software crashed my pc 's . Got the free upgrade to Version 9 from Roxio since Version 8 was so awful.Version 9 worked some ... at least I could copy a cd/dvd once in awhile if I were lucky , before it hung or blue screened -LRB- on xp -RRB- . Even after that , it interfered with my wireless network card and slowed my entire pc down.I did n't know about the slowing down of the whole pc til today . I bought my wife a new computer because the one I installed Roxio crap-ware on was nearly unusable.Today for the heck of it , I removed all the roxio from that computer and it 's once again a fast , usable pc as soon as the roxio stuff was removed . Full virus scan reported no viruses either . Just Roxio - which destoys everything .
 Loaded this product and played around with it for a few minutes . Seemed much easier to work with than the other burner software I had used.All ready to go and then it would n't recognize my cheapo Emprex burner . I followed all the tips on tech support -LRB- except for editing my registry -RRB- with no luck.I 'm guessing it would be a good product with a decent DVD burner ; but I sure ca n't say .
 The title of this product is a joke . It should be called `` Not Easy CD burning '' . Roxio version 5 was much easier than this one is . It is way too complicated for burning simple CDs .
 I bought this software bundle for one reason
 I 'm sure this is a good product . I have n't been able to get it to work yet . I am going to have to hire someone to come in to do it for me . It could be my machine . It said for ME -- well the box does n't say that . But I have n't given up on it yet .
 never had a problem until i installed this program ... wow ... everything they say is right , almost could not restore . do not put on your computer ... it crashed ... restored it 3 times and ... tried 3 times ... now im a believer ... is bad news . . googled it and found the same occuring problems over and over , crash burn and die !!
 I got this product to create dvd 's from video_ts files.i am directed to click on a non-existant menu option to do this task . When i contacted the job of customer service i was sent a list of links to go weeding through to `` fix '' my problem . All i had asked for was the correct location of said menu item . gheesh !!! I attempted to copy unprotected dvd 's as well but always got a error message , so i would n't say any of it works for sure , , , maybe you can create dvd 's or maybe you ca n't .
 OMG , I am ignorant . I wish I would have read these reviews BEFORE I went ahead and spent thirtyplusdollars on this program . I bought it with the thought that I was going to be able to create DVDs to play in a `` regular '' DVD player . Believe it or not , I have friends who still watch videos on DVD!On the package , it says `` Videos made easy '' `` Create custom DVDs ... '' etc. . This led me to belive that I could create actual DVDs with menus , chapters , etc. . WRONG !!! When I try to access this feature , the program tells me I need to upgrade !!! WTF ???? I just bought this bloody thing and now they want me to spend eightymoredollars in order to do what the package SAYS it can do ?????? Bollocks!I call shennanigans !!! Oh yes , I DID find one area where you can make a menu screen and TRY to import media . BUT that is so slow and tedious as to be nearly unusable . Then when the menu finally does load in ... after several minutes watching a progress bar ... you can do nothing with it . The music they put on it is WAYYY too loud and it can not be muted . You ca n't even change the music ! ... there is no option!I finally did manage to get a few files moved into this decrepit interface and it started looking like I might be able to get something going after all . I started to feel hopeful . So I tried a burn , just to see what would happen . Guess what . It made a coaster !! Totally useless ! Again , BOLLOCKS , I say!BTW , my system is an AMD Dual core with 4gigs of RAM and 1.25 TB of HD storage . Running win7 64bit . Not a `` Screaming '' system by today 's standards , but quite capable nonetheless.This software is just not what it claims to be . I am especially unhappy that I paid for a `` TRIAL VERSION '' !! I guess they must have seen me coming from a mile away . Yup , I got suckered by this package . Not again though . It has been removed and is on its way to the bin.If there is anything positive about this purchase , it is that I have learned a valuable lesson here
 I got this bundled when I bought a DVD burner . Running a Norton diagnostic after installation revealed a missing file . I had no problems burning a DVD data disc . When I tried burning a CD I could n't figure out how to use XP 's built in burner , Roxio took over . But the CD burned , would not play back . I ended up using Roxio for DVD burning and when I accumulated enough CDs that needed to be burned I uninstalled Roxio to burn them with XP , then I reinstall Roxio when I need to burn DVDs again .
 This product totally screwed up my computer . It is n't user friendly . It would n't burn CDs or DVDs and locked the E drive door shut . The only way I could get it open is to turn off the computer . DO N'T use Drag to Disc!I tried everything to get it to make a slideshow and burn it to a disc ... no . AND it locked out any other CD burning program from making a disc -LRB- i.e. , Picasa -RRB- of my photos . It has taken over my computer 's ability to burn discs . The Help suggestions did not work . It cost more to call Roxio than the software cost in the first place , so I did n't do that . I am now having to pay a computer geek $ 100 to come and clean it out of all my files .
 The first time I installed this product on reboot the computer entered safe mode . The second installation the computer entered chkdsk and replaced alot of files . At the desktop the product wanted to reinstall itself . I declined . I have had computers for 25 years now , never had software act so alien to a computer . I purchased it from Bestbuy , they declined a refund because the package was open . Check refund policy before buying this product .
 I have to agree with everyone else that this software is a piece of junk . I 've had problems with it on three computers and when I gave up on it , found out I could n't uninstall the components and I tried everything . I think this software is the first stage of a terrorist attack .
 My first Roxio product was EZ CD creator 6.0 . It 's been downhill from there . Every version has been more buggy than the last . I have many custom CD covers that I made so I have to upgrade or else lose my collections . This newest version is NOT supported by Roxio and will stop working any time you do a registry clean , -LRB- i.e. `` one button checkup '' -RRB- . You must then uninstall the program and re-install it . Roxio has a LONG HISTORY of not caring for their customers . I expect NO FIX will be in the future for this product . YOU ARE WARNED !!!
 HELLO FELLOW DVD FRIENDS , all of us dvd lovers are left in the cold w / roxio . do not purchase a roxio product . the statement by P. PARKERthe computer grandma says it all . roxio is a big and well known name . but they HAVE NO SUPPORT TEAM . i hate to say it , but if you just got a roxio product and it 's not refundable , my opinion is to take the product outside and slaughter it w / an axe like lizzy borden , then burn it or throw it out or send it back as anonoymous , but leave it in the condtition the way you killed it . NO SUPPORT , NO EMAILS ANSWERED AND IWOULD TAKE A BET THAT THERE IS NO HUMAN BEINGS IN THEIR BUILDINGS . WHATA WASTE AND ASHAME . BUY IT ? YOU ASKING FOR TROUBLE . DON B. , ARIZONA .
 Despite the claim on the box that this software works with Windows Vista , it does not - Vista blocks it because it is incompatible and would create problems . And , because it is software , Roxio will not refund the purchse price despite their false claim . Do not buy this product if you have Vista .
 I picked this up because it was an inexpensive solution from a big name company and it claims to be Compatible with Vista . It is not !! As soon as installation finished I got a couple popups saying that this software has compatibility issues with Vista and has been blocked from running . Vista gives another window to check for possible solutions online ... none . I registered the software with Roxio in hopes that I could run the auto-updater to find a patch . The auto-updater that is included with this software is not recognized by the Roxio website . HUH ???? * & % !
 I was not satisfied with it because the disc was scratched that is why I returned it asking for another one.After 3 months I have never got new disc and have never got money back.Seller not responds.Seller stole my money .
 this product does nothing . i put in 30 dvds and vcds and none were able to be copied . easy dvd burner if u can actually find a dvd that is able to burn . everything is copy protected ... and i hear that over and over again . there is a reason why this product is so cheap ... BECAUSE IT DOES NOTHING AT ALL ! u CANT burn dvds . you can only take a few files you might already have and burn them on a disk that does not play on a dvd player . thats it . dont waste you money on this . its worthless ...
 I was very disappointed by this software . Sure it has some good features -LRB- that 's why I gave 2 instead of 1 -RRB- but the built in word processor is terrible -LRB- Nope , I was not expecting another MS Word but at least expected consistency between various features/parts of the software -RRB- . One of the supposedly great features of Resumemaker is the ability to preserve some general formatting if you choose to -LRB- e.g. -RRB- send the resume as plain text -LRB- an important thing mind you -RRB- in an e-mail . It does so by offering a number of styles for formatting your Resume.For example , for the Summary section , you can choose a bulleted list as formatting style . Resumemaker would create one card for each bullet item you create . If you send the Resume as plain text in an e-mail , Resume maker would format each of these bullet items with a * in front . This is all nice and good , but for Rich Text Formats , you lose the ability to highlight individual words/phrases -LRB- you have to highlight the whole bullet ! -RRB- So , for MS Word formatted resumes , you just can not have bold words/phrases that call attention -LRB- I want to note here that if your style is paragraph , Resumemaker would allow highlighting of individual words or phrases -RRB- .
 The cd inside says the premier edition . I cant get it to download into my Dell 4700 Windows XP , and when I tried calling the compay I got no where , I also emailed the company and gotr no response.I really want this to work , but I have had NO COOPERATION from anyoneI want to return this for a refundPlease send me instructions for a return -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I also tried to contact tech support for a previous version of this software wchich I could not get to store . I have yet to hear from them . I have left both an email and voicemail
 This program tries to simplify the process of learning guitar and as aresult does n't teach you anything but bad habits . The chords theyteach are simplified structures that are sometimes taught to childrenwhose hands are n't big enough to reach the proper positions . Theessence of beggining guitar is learning to stretch your hands to chordproperly and finger memory-getting to the point where your fingers hitthe chords without having to think about it . By teaching simplifiedchords and such , your time is wasted . You can quickly play a song butit does n't sound right and you 'll need to re-learn all yourchords .
 In trying the eMedia Guitar Method 1 , I did not expect perfection or the highest quality production . My expectations were unpleasantly accurate , therefore . The software boasts about several songs you will easily learn . The songs , however , are simplified , dummed-down versions of the originals and anything but cool sounding . The poor sound quality -LRB- instructor only uses an acoustic , and the lyrical track is recorded much louder than the guitar -RRB- and simplicity of programming design leave the consumer unsatisfied . Although the program does present an easy way to learn a few chords and how to strum a guitar , one is better off saving the $ 49.95 and visiting the local public library .
 I purchased this for my son because the version we owned was made for Windows 98 and had a problem with the video stuttering when installed on XP . This says it 's made for XP but the copy I received was the exact made for Windows 98 version I already owned . So a warning to you if you are purchasing this for the same reason I purchased this . Although this will install and run on XP ; THIS WAS NOT MADE FOR WINDOWS XP!that is all ...
 I bought this game after seeing that is was MAC compatible . Once it arrived we realized it is only works for MAC version OS 9 , which is n't even around anymore . The way this product is listed is very misleading . Wish my son could use this , but we only have Macs here . Must be why the price is so low . I bought this about a month ago for $ 12 , now it 's $ 4
 I bought this and two other CD-ROM 's for my son . As you can see , it advertises that this is Macintosh compatible , which is not true . I have new apple computers and none of the 3 CD-ROM 's I purchased work on these . I contacted the company and they refused to exchange or refund the items .
 this game messes up the configuration of the entire pc my son loves it but i had to return it because the cd spins so loudly it got him too upset so it had to go back . i also had reformat everything on the desk top which is annoying and its not worth the trouble .
 This CD can not be played on my computer because it is no longer supported by the operating system . Copyrighted in 2001 , it is out of date and should not have been sold ! It sits unused on a shelf .
 I have been using this program for five years now and I 'm finally going to switch to Quicken . The ` Invoice Designer ' is a total waste of time ... it just has n't worked for years and Microsoft will do NOTHING to get it to work . This is the unwanted step child of Microsoft , so please do n't waist your time !
 Shame on Microsoft for crippling this program by taking away Microsoft Money for Pocket PC . Why make me pay money to upgrade if you 're going to send me back to the stone age of writing tranactions down with pen and paper . I do n't want to do that work twice - write it down then enter it at home . Some people enjoy living in an age when technology makes your life easier . Not to mention that when I travel for work I want to be able to see my upcoming expenses and have all of my finances available at my fingertips without printing out a ledger to take with me ! I almost returned this for MS Money 2006 which still has the Pocket PC version , but since MS would only give me until September 2008 -LRB- for that version -RRB- to automatically download transactions from my bank , I would be in the same boat in a year . Instead I found SPB Finance , a software program that runs on your pocket pc and will sync w / MS Money or Quicken . It 's not free , though , adding $ 25 to my upgrade for MS Money ! Well , if there 's one thing Microsoft is good at , it 's keeping these small companies in business making software to `` groom '' their product . Shame ! I 've been using MS Money for 7 years , but when this version of MS Money expires in two years , I think I 'll look around for other options that do n't require so much hassel .
 I bought this software program together with TaxCut a few months ago , and it is a great disappointment . Unfortunately , I was too busy to give it a try earlier , so now I ca n't get all my money back from Amazon . Do yourself a favor and buy something else .
 I am a seasoned user of `` Microsoft Money '' since 2001 and used Money-2003 , 2004 , 2006 and 2007 versions . On the subject of convenience and integration of multiple financial activities , Money -LRB- and for that matter even Quicken -RRB- does fantastic job.However , with 4-5 years of usage of ` Money ' , my money file has grown to nearly 21MB . With this size , I am getting pathetic performance which is consistently annoying . I have a laptop with 1.6 GHz dual core CPU and 1GB RAM , however very basic activities such as looking at monthly report , budget report etc. takes 2-4 minutes to display on the screen ! Even if I go back and try again , it will again hang for 2-4 minutes . I will be lucky if I get ` any ' operation finished faster then 5 seconds/transaction . The problem is with specific version but the way Money is designed to store its information . There were some comments on improving performance by using Database to store information but Microsoft chose not to invest money on that.Another annoying thing I observed with Microsoft Money is with every newer release you will get fancier but more BUGGY software . So far I found ' 2004 ' release best in the bunch but once you upgrade the version and make new entries it is not feasible to go back to earlier version.Let me give you example that will explain the problem . Most common activity one will have is it to download data from financial institutes . Money will connect to these institutes and get the data . It will turn back in 2-3 minutes with newer data and status as ` done ' . On the `` Account List '' you will see , for example , 5 new transaction and when you go into that account there is ` nothing ' yet ! Reason being , data is still in flight but status shows ` done ' . After 2-3 minutes you will get the data in the account . When you try to accept the transaction it will say `` data is still in flight '' but you got status ` done ' ! In short , after getting data downloaded from the institute , you wo n't be able to ` accept ' them for nearly 5-6 minutes . I am surprised to see Microsoft is selling software w/o testing such basic functionality ! FYI , I noticed this bug only in 2007 release.I wish to have a better software for my need w/o losing existing data but Microsoft has n't decided to have better -LRB- not just newer -RRB- version yet . Quicken seems to have similar issues and it does n't allow any migration facility for me to move my existing data from last 6 years . I can just wish that Microsoft Money 2008 comes with higher performance and basic testing.If you are a first time user , prefer to compare both Money and Quicken for yourself before locking your data in one of the them . With ` Money ' , once your file grows larger , performance deteriorate significantly.One last point -- even with above limitations , I am better off using this software then not having it at all . Microsoft is doing a good job of marketing its positive points so I wo n't spend time on that .
 I have been a Microsoft Money user for many , many years . -LRB- Going back to Money ' 98 ? I forget . -RRB- I reluctantly upgraded to Money 2007 Premium earlier this year from Money 2004 when I read somewhere that Money 2004 was no longer going to be supported . -LRB- I also read that Money 2005 , Money 2006 , and Money 2007 had issues . Hence my reluctance to upgrade . -RRB- For years , I have sync ` ed Money with my online accounts on nearly a daily basis . I 'm that kind of focused on keeping my eye on my money , and Money has historically served me very well in this habit . Money 2007 does not.Since installing it , I have :1 -RRB- Battled with my prior bank for nearly two months to get them to figure out by Money 2007 does not synchronize with their systems .2 -RRB- Installed and reinstalled Money 2007 on several different workstations to test the synchronization issue with my years-old Money file and new , empty Money files . Always fails .3 -RRB- Now I have * switched banks * thinking the syncing issue was my bank 's fault . It was n't . It 's Microsoft Money 's fault.Syncing fails * every * time with a helpful OBRES 22063 error . Oh , yea , thatone ! We all know just what that is.I have read every Microsoft knowledge base article I can find . I have perused public.microsoft.money and other usenet groups . I have Googled . I have read blogs . The only thing I find is that lots of people have this problem with lots of different financial institutions , and Microsoft is doing nothing about itIn Money 2004 , this worked flawlessly nearly every time . Why did itbreak ?!?!! So if you 're looking to have Money synchronize with your accounts online , look elsewhere . But if you 're all about putting everything in manually , this product will serve you just fine.Buy a copy of Quicken instead !
 This version is aweful ! I 've been using it for 4 months now and it constantly crashes . It seems that it always happens when I try to match a downloaded transaction with a scheduled bill . No update/fix available so far . What 's worse is that this version has no significant new features than my previous version -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . I mean , I bought it with the thought that there will be new cool stuffs , but all the features that I regularly use have no improvements . The new features are either not necessary -LRB- spending tracker - you can use the old budget sheet -RRB- or too confusing to use .
 I had read some of the negative reviews and decided to use the trial before buying anything . I used the fully functional trial of Microsoft Money 2007 . I think it was the worst software product I have ever used .1 -RRB- Updates with scottrade , bank of america do not work2 -RRB- Try adding a investment portfolio -LRB- hehe good luck -RRB- 3 -RRB- Import for . QIF files does not work -LRB- From scottrade -RRB- 4 -RRB- For some strange reason , at times Money can not connect to the internet , even though every other windows program can . -LRB- And it isnt because the time on the computer is wrong -RRB- 5 -RRB- Microsofts confidence in their own product can be seen by the fact that they prompt you to save the entire Money account into a different snapshot every time you close Money . : -RRB- 6 -RRB- For some reason , Money is setup like a web application . Not a desktop application . This isnt a major beef , just that it feels a bit slower .7 -RRB- Loads of other reasons , which I am unable to point out since I am writing this review from a Linux machineSo in short , even if youre sick and tired of quicken , and want to get some Money love on the rebound , have a one night stand with Money 2007 in the form of a trial before you put your hard earned cash down for this truly crappy product .
 I only wanted MS Money 2007 Premium because I need Schedule D reports -LRB- gains/losses on investments -RRB- . I did n't need anything else.I do n't care about balancing my bank account with it , paying bills with it or seeing where my money is going.Well with MS this service is thru a third-party and this contract is only good for 1 year!The investments side is really the only difference between the Deluxe of the Premium and that service is handled by a third-party !?! MS is really getting lazy.I 've talked with Intuit about Quicken Premium and they have ensured me that `` this '' service does not have a time bomb attached to it.So bye-bye MS and hello Quicken.P.S . I will be selling my version of MS Money Premium 2007 here on Amazon if anyone wants it .
 I really need more help with visualizing my budget and seeing cash flows . MM does n't seem to be as flexible as I 'd like and it rarely gives me visual options . The visual options they do have are too plain .
 Well , 2007 fixes the CPU sucking problems of 2006 with a new `` nuke all recurring bills and start over '' option
 Simply put , I spent over a month tryint to get MS to fix their bugs . It never worked right , and they kept telling me to contact my bank who in turn sent me right back to microsoft . My bank also told me MS was aware of the problem , but MS would never admit it to me , much less solve it.Long story short , I broke down and spent another $ 80 on Quicken , and miracle of miracles , it works great . Not one problem .
 I worked with the customer service reps at Microsoft for days -LRB- phone calls lasting hours -RRB- to finally reach the conclusion that there were too many bugs in this software to allow it to function properly . I ended up returning it , very dissatisfied . My advice - do not buy this product ! It wasted so much of my time .
 I 've been a user of MS Money for years now and this version is just horrible . I rely alot of sync working because it makes my life alot easier . Unfortunately , syncing never works in this version and just gives you a dumb error message . I have tried it on multiple computers , only to have the same result . If you do n't sync your accounts online , then it will work well for you . If you want a product that will download your transactions , do n't buy this product .
 This software is dead and no longer supported by Microsoft . Do n't waste time buying it . Go with Quicken brand software instead !!!
 I 'm currently on my third copy of MS Money , previously used 2004 . I think 2004 may have been the last decent version . 2007 -LRB- With SP1 -RRB- seems pretty buggy in the portfolio interface , very slow compared to older versions , and their free `` premium '' services sucks . The MyPublicInfo offer is only good if you BUY a copy of the MyPublicInfo report -LRB- You get a second free . -RRB- Carbonite , which I have a demo right now , works great - unfort. , it ONLY backs up your Money files in the premium package.This is definitely my last copy of MS Money . I 'll be switching to SOMETHING else , probably Quicken , though I do n't hear the best things about it either .
 Online Features Do n't Work With IE 7 Content Advisor Turned On on my Windows XP Pro SP2 PC.This product has been confirmed my Microsoft Tech Support not to work with MS Internet Explorer 7 Content Advisor -LRB- IE Parental Control Feature to protect kids on the Internet -RRB- turned on at this time . They could n't give me a time extimate for an update that would fix the problem.Jim .
 My bank 's bill pay started messing up my account , so I thought it was time to bring it in house again ! I tried Quicken first . I am not fond of Intuit software but I try to stay away from MS whenever possible -- So I bought it and found out that QIF files can not be read by the new version ! Go figure it has only been Quicken 's file format for the last dozen versions!I , of course , bought the new version - Why did I not go through eBay or Amazon and buy an older version ?!? Why would I ? After all QIF is Quicken 's format & my bank listed it as their format and said I could download that format ! Quicken did n't say it had changed formats on the package . I can not use this version with my bank AND anyway it is as awkward to use as the intuit programs usually are . But what do I know ... I have only been a full charge bookkeeper for the last 20 years or so ... So I dug the 2004 version of Money out of the set of disks I got when I bought the computer & loaded it . I VERY easily uploaded the last 4 years of statements into Money ! Very fast !! I thought I wanted to have it automatically upload , BUT after reading your horror stories , FORGET IT ! I will stick with the 2004 version and manually upload my files thank you!I have XP Home and that is supposed to be a problem and I NEVER let any software update itself , EVER !!! OH , and thank you David -LRB- ? -RRB- for the tip about NOT using the passport . I will stop immediately!Sorry it sucked for you all but bless you for telling me ! Your suffering has not been in vain!Why oh why does n't Microsoft just charge us an annual fee to be able to access online banking ? Idiots !
 I 've been using PC-based accounting for my home since the first version of Quicken came out a billion years ago . I 've been using Microsoft Money since 1999 . I 'm a happy , easy customer ! I 'm faithful to pay the price every couple of years to upgrade to the latest version . NO MORE ! All of a sudden , and it must be tied to the new 2008 calendar year , MS Money ca n't open my regular file or any of my backups ! I backup regularly . It is n't a file problem . My Vista PC has worked great for 9 months . This has something to do with some new automatic update that screwed everything up . I 'll probably switch to Quicken soon . This is the time of year when I do my taxes , so it is the most important time for MS Money to work . It has failed me . An internet search says this is a common and recent problem with MS Money . KRAP . Bill Gates & Company have designed an overly complex operating system that sometimes fails the most basic tasks .
 I am continuing my attempt to get the software to work on my new desktop with Vista , but no luck yet .
 I was using the trial version of Microsoft money . When I installed the actual version bought from Amazon it could not read my existing data . I called Microsoft and they told me that even though the products were the same the trial version was a newer version and not compatible . I had to return this to amazon . Amazon gave me my money back .
 `` IRISpen - This product does not work . '' IRIS leads one to believe that it will work out of the box - this is n't true . After much tinkering - it mostly does n't work !! I purchased the product from J&R ; Music World - that may have been the first mistake . For starters the installation is a piecemeal process and is riddled with errors . The translation software that comes with the IRIS Pen is hopeless.Please do yourself a favour and stay well clear of IRIS.Lloyd - Canada
 Tried so many glide and 3dfx &#34; wrappers &#34; . Ca n't get it to run on Windows 7 . Sigh , unless I get an old XP machine or older I guess I ca n't run this .
 This is a dreadfully awkward and boring game offering limited choices for creative players . You would think Disney , with all the money they 've made off of kids and parents would put a little more investment into creating a truly good game , rather than simply trading on the whole `` princess '' marketing thing they 're into now . The sound quality on this game is as bad as the game itself . My four-year-old , who is perfectly capable of playing other games of this type for this age group , kept having to ask me for help because she could n't hear what the annoying narrator was saying . If you want a GREAT game that allows kids to decorate a castle and have some fun , try Barbie as Rapunzel . Yes , it 's Barbie , and that 's a downside in itself , but the game is so well done with such high-quality animation and sound , and it seems as if they put some money into the content of the game itself . It 's very engaging and my daughter ca n't tear herself away . Disney could learn a thing or two from this game .
 This game is terrible . I have just purchased my computer and the game is so slow . A grown person can barely place the furniture much less my 5 year old . The introduction to the game and instructions are way to long for a childs attention span .
 I purchased the game for my 4 year old daughter and was extremely disappointed in the quality . I should have read the reviews first as they sum up the CD-ROM perfectly . Slow to load , confusing , a mumbling narrator and terrible graphics . This is the first and last Disney CD-ROM that I will purchase . The Vivendi Universal games that distribute all of the Barbie titles could definitely teach Disney a thing or two about designing age appropriate , amazing software for kids . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 The only thing this game has going for it are it 's beautiful 3D graphics . The interface is dificult to use at times and not everthing is intuitive . Players under age 10 will find it frustrating . The object of the game is to decorate each of five castles so that you can begin looking for gems to free cinderella who has been trapped in a book . The decorating activity becomes monotonous after a while and there is n't quite enough variety in the castles , rooms , and furniture to keep it interesting . The game description claims that there are thousands of textures and objects to choose from , but that is simply not true -LRB- perhaps two or three hundred at best -RRB- . Also , there are no objects or elements of the castles that you can interact with . For example , one of the items is a telescope , but you ca n't use it , and you ca n't open chests or cabinets . Once the castles have been decorated you are taken to a different castle to look for 5 gemstones that will free cinderella . This is a simple activity that is completed quickly and brings the game to an ungratifying and abrupt conclusion . The game looks as though it would have had potential but aside from repeatedly placing objects in rooms and choosing the colors , there just is n't enough to do .
 This is one of the most annoying Princess games ever . It loads fine on my computer but when your in the game the narration is slow , obnoxious and never stops . 2 mins to explain each game ! You ca n't by pass it ! My child got this for Christmas was excited and now . . hates it . She 's 7 and thinks this is the stupidest game .
 Terrible game . It has poor graphics , glitches , is confusing and impossible to get any enjoyment out of . I 'd give it a zero rating if I could . Five year old grand daughter ca n't stand the frustration . Neither can I.
 I also should have read the reviews on this however , my Daughter loves this game . I do not have the problems with sound or graphics as they are very clear on our system . However , my 4 year old now has to have Administrator rights on the system in order to play this game . I bought XP so I could allow the kids functionality on the computer without me hovering over them . I studied how to set the system up for limited users and Administrators -LRB- which can do everything -RRB- , but now all that work and the money for the product are gone . I have made my complaint with Disney as they are the ones that informed me that they have no intention on changing this product .
 We bought this cd for our 7-year-old daughter . The cd seems to slow down the speed of the drive so that it ca n't be installed at all . Nothing we try works , and our computer is only about a year old and surpasses all of the system requirements . We have never had this much trouble from a cd before . Overall , it has been a waste of money and time , not to mention a disappointment to a small girl who thought it looked fun . We expected more from a big money company like Disney to put out better quality products . This is our first Disney Interactive CD , and most definitely our last .
 Wo n't install no matter what . My computer has the minimum requirements yet the game ca n't seem to find them . Waste of money . I do n't know of anyone that has gotten this game to install . Do n't buy this game ! -LRB- But it is the only game we 've gotten from Disney Interactive that has n't worked . -RRB-
 My daughter -LRB- 4.5 years old , but computer-savvy -RRB- was so excited when I showed her the box of this game . We loaded it , it ran fine , but nothing else made the purchase worth from there on . The graphics are crude , the 360 degree -LRB- or almost 360 degree -RRB- navigation is awkward , the choices -LRB- 3 for each object -RRB- are poor , and the fairy godmother is incredibly long-winded and annoying.My daughter 's words , `` Princesses are supposed to be fun ... but this game is SOOO boring . '' We played with it for an hour and will never touch it again .
 I am always looking for good Mars resources for kids . Since it had a copyright of 2006 , I expected this product would include some data , pictures and findings from Spirit and Opportunity -- but no , only up to Sojourner . While the CD gives some basic Mars facts , a kid or young adult could do much better surfing on the Internet . I think I wasted my five bucks -LRB- or so -RRB- . Let 's Explore Mars
 I 've tried installing this on two different computers . It `` successfully '' installed on my old HP laptop , but the software was absolutely terrible -- unstable and very difficult to pull up maps when it was n't crashing . The program just plain wo n't install on my new desktop -LRB- Athlon X2 3800 + dual core CPU , Asus A8N-SLI Deluxe mobo , 2GB RAM , Windows XP Pro -RRB- . All I get are error messages . If I could give this negative stars , I would . As a geographer , I 'm sorely disappointed with NG for putting out this garbage .
 These are some of the most wonderful maps in the world , especially from a historical geography perspective . But of what use are they in this format ? It is difficult to search , impossible to browse effectively , and there is no way for an educator to present these images in any sort of useful format . I would suggest buying this collection only if you have hours of free time with nothing better to do than switch back and forth between 8 CDs for mild -LRB- but frustrating -RRB- entertainment with a nice glass of wine .
 The previews on this set are JPGs , so why did NG use some form of encoding for the main maps that makes them unreadable on a Mac ? Other `` Windows-only '' CD collections do n't , which means that even if we can not access the interface -LRB- and , say , the search function -RRB- , at least can see the content.Shame on NG for excluding the rest of us in this way !
 I purchased this product thinking that I would be able to sail around the world like a National Geographic adventurer . Unfortunately , I have been unable to use it at all . It appears that you need to place each disk into your computer as prompted to view the contents . I want to be able to stick the disks in once and have my computer bring up the information when requested . Maybe I did n't give it a good try , but I have not been able to see any maps at all .
 The only problem I see in these maps are that they have attempted to rename Middle eastern regions such as Persian Gulf to arabic names . I do n't accept that.http : / / www.payvand.com/news/04/dec/1014.html
 ... I think the software implementation of these maps is terrible . Pathetic is a better description.In order to use your full computer screen , you 'd have to reset your monitor to 480 x 600 pixels . Who has such a low resolution monitor nowdays ? This also appears to be the best resolution you can achieve on the maps . If the maps are expanded enough to be readable , they are fuzzy . Pathetic , in my opinion ... . I do n't think the 500 `` maps '' in this package are worth anything -- at least not to me . I 'd gladly pay 3 times as much for excellent resolution maps . At the current low-resolution implemented on this software release , I would n't willingly pay 5 cents . I found no use for the maps at such low resolution . I uninstalled the software.In short , I feel I got burned . I paid $ ... for what I consider useless maps and useless software . I did not expect this from National Geographic . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Do not buy if you do not have Windows 95 . National Geographic has not updated its software for newer versions of Windows . There is nothing you can do or even get support from National Geographic to fix this problem .
 It 's basically an atlas in PDF form spread out over eight CDs . You 'll need glasses after scrolling in and out , trying to find anything . A waste of time and money .
 This is just a bunch of map scans , with absolutely horrible software access/navigation . The maps themselves are well-made , and if presented in a printed atlas , or with good navigation software , this would be a worthwhile product.But the nav . software is awful -LRB- as noted in other reviews -RRB- , and feels like something from 1995 . For the $ 20 or $ 30 this costs , you can buy a good printed atlas instead .
 Beware !!! You will NOT be able to use this product on XP or XP Pro .
 If you are purchasing this product , beware that the software appears more DOS-like than updated Windows formats . It works OK with Windows 7 but the PC I have comes with better software . On a more positive note , the disk label applicator and labels work well . I would not buy this product nor recommend it and if the hardware was n't included , it would have been a bust .
 A total waste of money . After I purchased this I realized I had a better program available on my computer .
 Suitable product , but by the time you add the cost of their software , -LRB- necessary to print checks -RRB- your time to set it up , more time to run a print job of checks , and the excessive cost of their paper , you could purchase pre-printed checks from any of hundreds of companies that sell them for less . And all without the hassle of setting up and using the least user friendly and unnecessarily complex software I have used in many years . This paper ought to cost about 1/2 of the price it is being sold for . If I had not already invested in their dreadful software , I would not be using this . I regret having bought into this check printing system , and would not recommend it to others . Save your time and save your money . Find yourself a check printing company on the web , and avoid the aggravation of dealing with poorly designed software and overpriced supplies .
 Used the product for about 10000 checks then when putting in a new check validation code the validation gave only 275 check to print rather than the 825 it should . I complained to G7 to no avail . Very poor service . Finally entered a new box of checks and got the same result . Also found that if your hard drive fails then you lose the ability to print any remaining checks and must purchase a new code . If the machine misprints and one checks that they did not print properly it still deducts checks from those available to print . Generally I find that the new system is a scam designed to get one to purchase more codes . Adding things up it came to 13 cents per check which is three times what one can get them printed for easier commercially . Do n't waste your money ! Versa Check just lost another customer .
 I bought the software . No where on the box does it say printing is limited . Once you add in the fact that the checks are double the price of competitors , or you have to buy an activation code for every 250 checks you print . This should be disclosed on the box . A rip .
 This is the most difficult product to try and use I have ever seen . Getting a visa and a passport to Iran is easier than setting up the software and printing checks . I finally called tech support and after sitting on hold and sitting longer I put them in the dumpster and called my printer to order checks . If my time is worth minimum wage I wasted $ 100 on this box of check paper and software . What a waste of money : -LRB-
 Suitable product , but by the time you add the cost of their software , -LRB- necessary to print checks -RRB- your time to set it up , more time to run a print job of checks , and the excessive cost of their paper , you could purchase pre-printed checks from any of hundreds of companies that sell them for less . And all without the hassle of setting up and using the least user friendly and unnecessarily complex software I have used in many years . This paper ought to cost about 1/2 of the price it is being sold for . If I had not already invested in their dreadful software , I would not be using this . I regret having bought into this check printing system , and would not recommend it to others . Save your time and save your money . Find yourself a check printing company on the web , and avoid the aggravation of dealing with poorly designed software and overpriced supplies .
 I did n't realize this and my printer does n't a magnetic ink cartridge so I just wasted my money on the checks ! A certificate did come in the box to get the software for free but it 's no good without the ink !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Check for the ink first ! -LRB- do a search for magnetic ink -RRB-
 I bought this thinking I would be able to use the enclosed software to print my own checks for the different accounts that I have in any number I specify . I do n't want to order checks from outside companies and share all my account details with third party companies over the internet but that 's unfortunately a requirement to use this software . Then buckle your seat belt for a barrage of Intuit-style spammarketing to get you to buy their special ink and other products.Back to the software , before you can even print your very first check , you have to share all your account details with G7/Versacheck AND they go so far as to verify the the account is authorized by doing a Paypal style micro deposit and you have to prove that 's your account by providing them with the amount and then they give you a validation code to unlock the software.If you need blank check security paper , this is OK , granted there are cheaper refills that do n't have the software , but if you are wanting to print your own checks for privacy reasons , do n't waste your money on this . I will be laying out my own checks in graphics software . Many programs do sequential numbering to put the check numbers on there . I do n't need to involve G7 or any other sleaze bucket company in the process so they can share my account information with god knows who .
 2002 delux -LRB- old version -RRB- is for mac only ! can not use -- need windows versioni ordered Quicken 2004 -LRB- windows -RRB- and rcvd with no problem -- How can I return the 2002 mac version ???
 Back in 1996 I have purchased the same named CD -LRB- except Deluxe Edition -RRB- well I love it , being so educative and explanatory . Today I wanted to offer as a gift to my teenage student son , to unerstand and enjoy human developement , evolution history , politics etc. . I was very happy to refresh my educational knowledges by it , passing on to my son!yet to my deep dissapointment he said that the CD was useless ... it will go only for Win 96 and Win .98 ... on todays Win 2000 and newer it was outdated trash ... so I bought the new &#34; Deluxe &#34; version 2003 ... to my surprise I do n't exactly know what &#34; deluxe edition means &#34; ... it is nothhin I could call educational as the older version ... and so , I end-up buying Encyclopedia Britanica instead for my son . . for I deffinitely did n't want to buy any CD with violence video-games on it ! ... it 's a shame that for Grolier &#34; deluxe edition is meaninglessmostly that it requires Win 95 , 98 and newer , bi on newer Windows displays only the Icons and Titles ... !
 This product only works on PC . We have the 1997 which was also Mac compatable so I assumed this would be too . I am so disappointed
 Let me start off by saying that as far as I can remember , every time I buy anything with Mavis Beacon , it 's always suxs . I did n't buy this one , my friend did . She bought two different versions , both gave her problems to even just begin to use the stupid program . Every time we tried to use it , the program would ask us for a password , that of course , the program did not provide . We thought she might of lost it , so she bought the program again . And AGAIN , the program asked for a password which the package DID NOT INCLUDE ! Just to login , it was a maze . Once you are on the program , it 's so rigid . We only see a practice of the home keys . What happen to the other set of keys that you want to practice on ?! I hate this program !
 There are a lot of reasons why I do n't like this product but here are the main ones in no specific order
 Especially if you are a beginner . There 's no manual , no documentation , the lesson plans do n't include drills , and the onscreen moving fingers on the keys are too opaque -- you ca n't tell which finger is on the desired key . Some simple coding to change the color of the finger along with the key would be really helpful.The beginning lessons are too advanced -LRB- even if you tell the program you are in the children 's age/lesson range , -RRB- and omit the very basic instructions that a true beginner needs . Add a few annoying installation quirks -LRB- manual placement of desktop icons , and a `` personal coach '' that automatically runs in the background -RRB- and you 're left with software that is a total waste of time and cash.The whole program is bulky and clumsy -- and if you are using Windows XP , expect to see momentary freeze-ups of your monitor as the program lurches in and out of execution .
 Firstly , This program has major flaws . If it were not for the fact that compusa pushes it then it would not have even as many customers . It has a defect that causes an ` ergonomic break ' window to pop up when the program is not running -LRB- at least for windows XP -RRB- . Second , the programmers at broderbound were too lazy to switch one of the internal screens/windows to say something ' ... Mavis Mecon 12 ' when in fact it is version 15 . They put makup on an old program and are selling it for much more . The lessons are alright but I am sure that this program is not the best - It simply ca n't be .
 The program only worked one time . Seems there is a problem if you have Windows XP home . Seller referred me to manufacturer for solution . Not solved yet ...
 How hard would it be to support DVORAK ? A hundred lines of code would probably do the trick , since no new graphics would be needed . Just cross-reference the keys to make finger positions right , and you 're done . They 're resting on their laurels , selling a clumsy DOS program that takes over your monitor as if it were still 1989 .
 The way Mavis Beacon worked , at least in this edition , was by using the punitive method . The music and almost sarcastic-sounding female voice was irritating beyond description . It really focused the mind on ending the pain by learning quickly .
 Learned the hard way that this version of Family tree maker is not compatible with WIN7 ; Had to re-install operating system as it would no longer respond to links after removing noncompatible software . Works great in Win XP
 Family Tree Maker Deluxe has some nice features . An instruction manual is included , but you 'll hardly need to use it , as the basic genealogy program is simple to use and offers several options for viewing and printing your family trees . For this reason , I 'm giving it two stars instead of one.The problem with Family Tree Maker Deluxe is the extra CDs which are included with the basic program . I found the extra CDs to be absolutely worthless . There is nothing on the box outlining in detail what you 'll find on the CDs , so let me give you an idea .4 of the CDs are a `` Family Finder Index '' which include millions of names , some of which are sketchy at best and include a lot of ??? instead of full names and dates . You may find the names of many of your ancestors here , but if you click on the name to see what additional information is available and if this is really your ancestor , you are n't given any information about the person . You are instead given an advertisement to purchase yet more CDs or an online subscription . This seems to be the typical response for most of the `` research '' associated with this software .2 of the CDs contain the Social Security Death Index from 1937-1999 , all of which can be looked up online for no cost .1 CD is `` Family History
 I would be very suspious about buying this product after using Family Tree Maker version 9 . In that version , Broderbund has an application called aqueduct.dll that routinely creates an aqueduct.txt file in your root directory that completely `` profiles '' your computer . I have a complex system , and the profiler file was over 2000K - rather large for any text file - and it compiled a list of every piece of hardware , software , and program setting on my machine with personal info . -LRB- If you are a version 9 user , look at it . You are in for a shock ! -RRB- Talk about loss of privacy . Goodness knows what they do with this information !! ... A download from the FTM site site is supposed to `` fix '' this , but the patch does not load , requests to tech support simply return unrelated automated `` help '' messages . I have never received a reply for a real person . - The program in general , creates lots of ads , pointed requests for signing-up for other paid services at every turn ... and in general , is a very middling product . The companion software `` to help you build your family tree '' is undocumented stuff that is simply worthless to anyone serious about finding their roots . -LRB- There is much controversy about supposed `` spyware '' in this product on computer message boards that are worth looking at too . Responses by a guru named Dick Eastman , who appears to have never really looked at the product , and Genealogy.com should be taken with a grain of salt , and in some ways are laughable . -RRB- - - If you are serious about genealogy , I recommend `` The Master Genealogist '' which is top rated by writers of the National Genealogy Society newsmagazine , but there are other better and less annoying products to choose from too . - - As a former version 9 user , I would recommend you avoid this program like the plague .
 Family Tree Maker is an okay genealogy program . For the very novice or someone that needs an extremely simple format for inputting - this one 's for you . Otherwise for beginner 's and experts alike , get Generations Family Tree -LRB- now distributed by Broderbund -RRB- . The charts and family group sheets are easier to use and have superior results compared to Family Tree Maker . Do n't go for the `` deluxe '' versions , the extra discs of `` information '' contains very little useful data - plus the same information can be readily found on the internet . I 've been using genealogy programs for the last 5 years and have tried several . It 's too bad that Broderbund bought Generations -LRB- from Sierra Home software -RRB- and wo n't promote it - as it 's a better product over their Family Tree Maker .
 I do n't usually like Broderbund software and once again they prove I should not have bought their software . It 's easy to set up and use but every click to research a relative brings an offer to buy software that you need to get that information . $ for the software , $ for census software , $ for the files of a single state during a specific time period and I do n't even know if my relative lived there . The family search name took me to family trees that did n't even have the names in them I searched on . Not one name in my family is in their CDs that contain `` over 1100 years of history '' . The complaint list goes on and on . That 's the very last time I buy Broderbund software . Ever !
 I purchased Broderbund Family Tree Maker because on the box it states all of the types of data I can access . That is not accurate . Once the software is installed and opened , there is no data to access , only advertising to sell access to the information at high prices . Also , no phone number to call and verify what I have encountered in case I am mistaken and there is some secret way to bypass the sales pitch .
 This ... software package gives you no useful data . All it does is give you teasers and try to sell you the details -- either additional CDs or a web site subscription . Do not buy it . Do not believe anything printed on the box . It does NOT give 1100 years of data . It does not give church records , land rccords , marriage license records , or anythnig else of value .
 The CDs containing `` 1100 Years of History '' of searchable information are nothing more than an index of available CDs for sale by the vendor.The vendor also invites you to include your family tree in the `` world family tree '' . However , access to the `` world family tree '' requires a paid subscription.The program itself is not bad , but I object to the deceptive advertising .
 I was told this item worked with mmc/sd cards . When I got the item , plainly on the box it says for use with Handspring Visor only , which is pretty much an obsolete PDA . It does not work with any of the new PDAs that house the SD cards . I have a PalmOne LifeDrive and it 's way too big for it . Do n't buy this item unless you have a Handspring Visor !!
 I bought this CD as a Christmas gift for my nephew who loves Veggie Tales and loves playing on the computer . I was disappointed when we opened the box to find the CD merely in a paper sleeve without it 's original case or box . Before purchasing this item , I made sure there was nothing in the description that said it was used but now question this after getting the actual CD . I was embarrassed to give the CD as a gift and had to explain why it was not in it 's original packaging .
 My kids love this game , like all PJ Sam products BUT unfortumately it suddenly switches to channelling ancient spirits which wrecks a good product . My dauughters were devestated when we destroyed the disk . Have never had this problem with any other PJ Sam prodcuts . Very frustrating .
 Useless , does not work , no instructions included , a total waste of time trying to figure out how it works and money ... Totally , Totally Useless !!!
 The design is nice , it runs smooth . It 's extremely easy to use , but the only problem is it does n't work . If you type in a question you 'll get an answer that is sort of mixed up , all the numbers are there , just out of order . The idea is great but the product is useless .
 Some how I got the impression this was for Windows 7 . It is NOT . Can not use it : -LRB- It is not for Windows 7 or 64 bit .
 I ordered this but could not install it on my MAC since my computer was to new .
 We purchased this product and installed it on our windows XP system . Did n't work at all , kept getting an error # 5 message . Did n't work in compatability mode either . Waste of money , we will never buy from this company again .
 They sent me the wrong software so I ca n't really review Kid Pix Studio Deluxe .
 I bought this translator for $ 99 . Not from Amazon but from the Lec Power Translator website . Do not purchase this item it is rubbish . I had an email from a Spanish friend which I translated both on this product and Google translator . The free Google translation was far superior . A simple Spanish word `` Ano '' , meaning year , was translated as `` Anus '' . It was n't just that but the email came out as gibberish in certain sections whereas Google translated it fine.Very , very disappointing .
 We were very disappointed with this game . Its basically a read-along story combined with a few games . My preschoolers were bored with this one right away . I would n't recommend it .
 Wow ! Who sells outdated software ? Seriously ? My old XP computer that we have had for 12 years wo n't even run this program . What a waste of money and time ! I wish I had looked at the reviews before I put this item in my cart .
 My kids never played the game . This CD-Rom requires Windows 95/98 . We do n't have ANYthing that runs such an outdated version of Windows . Know the requirements BEFORE you buy this !
 The picture for this product is misleading as is the information on Amazon.com . The information and picture both made it appear as if this game was the 1996 version of `` Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego ? '' , however when I received my copy I received the 2001 version of the game which I did not want . If you are looking for the 1996 version , this is not it .
 I has hoping to get the game I played with as a kid in the 90s but this is not it . They should really let the buyer know what they are getting before they buy it , change the image and title shieeet . Very disappointed ! I do n't think they sell it on here on amazon as far as I 've looked for it but I did find it on ebay :3
 I used to love broderbund/the learning company/riverdeep . Their children 's programs were the best . Unfortunately , they install spyware along with the program you bought . I have had to remove every one of their products from my computer to avoid crashes and spam . When I try to contact the company , they either ignore or send a form letter . The online ` help ' system only sends you in circles , and the bottom line is , NOBODY will help you . Occasionally they will reply with an offer to upgrade for a fee , but it does n't matter . The newer the program , the buggier it is , and they do n't care . Do n't waste your money .
 My college daughter requested this as a gift -LRB- it reminded her of younger days -RRB- . She got it only to realize that it was not compatible with her newer laptop so can not use it . It does not work!She did not return it because she of course threw away all the packaging and receipts . It is a shame - it should have specified that it will not work with Windows vista or whatever .
 I 've never played this game and do n't intend to . . but I felt it was neccesary to review it for anyone who might think they might buy this and expect the '80s / '90s Time format . Obviously , TLC released it under its former title to increase sales , a shrewed but misleading tactic . They 've turned Time , by far the most difficult version of the classic Carmen games , into a predictable adventure game . Kids who 've reviewed it here seem to like it and that 's great . . but if you 're an ' 80/90s child looking to buy this for nostalgia , forget it . You 're better off watching the classic TV game show on DailyMotion or YouTube .
 Was hoping to take advantage of the 3D rotation of this program , the problem is that the images are too small and when zoom is employed the images are hopelessly pixilated.Not worth the price , even at 60 cents ... I 'd have to say that the year it came out it was OK , but still it is at best gradeschool or jr high level.Very poor ... feel it was a total waste of time and money for me .
 this is not what it looks like . It came with no instructions and not even in a box , just the CD itself . I heard from the ventor and asked him to send me the box with install intructions and have not even heard from them I will never buy from these people again .
 The program prints very good pictures but does not contain everything on the package . The cd I received said it was a `` Lite '' version . I contacted IMSI , and they referred me to another company to call . This other company wanted a credit card for tech support information before I could talk to a live person . I am not paying for tech support to complain about a bad progam . The packaging is misleading .
 Do n't waste your money on this unless you 're buying it for kids - all it contains as far as artwork is about a dozen different photographs . Granted , you can print them as a number of different things like calendars , but there are no other options re artwork , and all the images come out with movie ads printed over them I was entertained for about five minutes ! There should be a suggested age range for both this and the companion `` Two Towers '' software .
 Do n't bother . Very little of substance in this package . Definitely not worth the price . Buy the DVD instead .
 This must be a very old release and I suppose , although I have n't looked , that somewhere on the initial annoucement it mentioned that it could only run on WIN97 but what I did see was that it was MS WINDOWS compatable and so I did n't investigate further . Too bad , because it was n't until I opened the packaging and read the manual that this was found out -LRB- it was NOT on the outside of the package -RRB- . Big disappointment . I do n't know who is running WIN97 anymore . Perhaps a bit more information and notice would be helpful when advertising this product ?
 We tried installing this Amazon Trail 3rd Edition on Windows XP but could n't get it to work properly . I had bought it for my kids for Christmas and was pretty disappointed that it did n't work . Exploring the Amazon sounds like so much fun .
 Either there is a glitch in my game or this is the worst game ever made .
 I 've used this product for a few years and it 's pretty much done what I 've needed it to do , with a few manageable glitches here and there . I made the mistake of upgrading to the newer version a month ago ; that 's when the problems started . My sites freeze , crash , and do all sorts of weird things . I 've written to them numerous times -- they do respond but it 's gone on for weeks with no resolution . I 've asked them to call me , or give me a number to call them , but they say they `` do n't offer phone support '' . What ? They do n't have a telephone?If I ran my company like they do , I 'd be out of business . They make it hard to be their customer . I used to be a loyal customer -- until I had a problem . I 'm going to go elsewhere .
 Made a site and had a technical problem . I sent an email to tech support and they took 3 days to respond . Then they asked for my site address and program inputs . I thought they would take a look and help . The response I got was that the problem was solvable and I should ask the `` community forum '' for the answer . essentially tech support said we know the answer but wo n't tell . Go ask someone else . Shame on them . I spent many many hours making my site and then was told that they would not help with the product . Unless you are an expert and will never need any help do not use this product .
 If you already have one or more web sites do not buy Site Spinner.Site Spinner uses a proprietary format and does not allow you to import existing web sites.If you are a fan of open source stay away from this product .
 Very difficult to use and has very little options to make an attractive site . I thought this would be an easy website maker but proves to be very difficult to use and the options available are very poor . The online information is difficult to use while trying to build a site . Microsoft site builder is 100 % easier to use and provides more assistance than this does . I 'm not happy with this purchase and would not buy anything from this seller again . Also , some of the sites it provides links to inside the program no longer work and the pages are no longer available . Not what I expected . : - -LRB-
 I really like the wysiwyg editor on this product . Unfortunately neither I nor my -LRB- major -RRB- webhost can figure out how to put the site on my domain ! Sadly , there is no support to help with this . I am afraid that I lost my money and my time in working on this .
 I have a website with HTML pages prepared by the obsolete Frontpage 2003 . SiteSpinner is not compatible with HTML and in another format where I can not import my old pages to update . I have hundreds of pages and can not start over . How about a warning to ; potential buyers ?
 I have had some troubles getting started with my website and was looking for something I could use . I found my web hosting service built in horrid so I got this in the hope it might be helpfulFirst , it is exactly what they say , a drag and drop interface for making a web page . And that is about it . Very few extras , as near as I can tell , not even any code shortcuts for say , making a link to an external page , or perhaps an email address URL.It is exactly as represented but you better know at least a little of coding or you are done with this.If your web programming consists of mostly dragging and dropping items into a web page making program , there is no better program than this for this purpose . But if you are newby , hoping to find something that helps you get going easily and quickly , better move on . It is just too bare bones
 My last review was a little harsh , this program works and is stuffed full of useful tools , -LRB- the circle and text tools are cool -RRB- . Wish I had learn to work in this before I used frontpage.but alas I had to go back to frontpage , I can do pages in my sleep . What I really need is an upgraded photo editor .
 I have some webpage HTML experience but could n't understand the tutorials enough to gain from the ease of the use of the software . Also I do n't think it has enough templates nor enough variety of templates . Overall I could say it does have the capability to make a nice looking webpage despite the shortfalls .
 Terrible , might be easy for a beginner , but you can not import standard formats -LRB- like html -RRB- to edit , or improve . There are free ones about , and many a lot cheaper that work better .
 There are so many glitches in this software , it 'll make you go mad trying to get it to do what you 're trying to get it to do . I 've built many websites myself , writing them myself in HTML . I figured I 'd take the easy way out and get a site building program to do it for me . I 'll never make that mistake again . Either get a MUCH better product , or learn HTML yourself . It 'll be easier in the long run . I 've spent over 2 weeks just trying to get all of the website uploaded to the web because of irronious code this program has put in , so in reality , I 'm back to trying to rewrite the site myself using HTML . ARGHHHHHHHHHHHH !
 It helps you make pretty website but that 's all the more credit I give it . I 've had one class in web design , published 3 sites and thought I 'd try this as I was using Frontpage but found the designs ... . well boring . The reviews all talked about all the neat things you can do with SITE SPINER . How you do n't need knowledge to do this . But if your like me and have limited knowledge in publishing your website then DO N'T BUY THIS ! Help is non-existant unless you speak the code and are willing to spend half a day online trying to figure things out . Check the FAQ 's or the Forum before you bother us is the impresion I get . My server Hostmonster-bless them they are wonderful ! - helped get it published not Sitespiner . So far I have n't had a human respond to my emails . I 'm trying to do updates and at this point I am by hand putting my site back on Frontpage photo by photo so uploads and revisions will work .
 I tried SiteSpinner . It is decent web editing software.I gave it only 2 stars because it has a major flaw - You can NOT import an existing HTML page or file into it . You can only cut and paste text and images individually from an existing web site into the SiteSpinner work-window . -LRB- This is also acknowledged in a FAQ on SiteSpinner 's site . -RRB- That means means you can NOT start with an existing web page , regardless of how simple it is . You must create a new page almost from scratch .
 This is a non-frame-based tool . It does n't have the concept of editing text in a table . Yes you can create a table . To put text into a cell of the table , you create the table , then create a separate text object , save that text object , then resize that text object , then drag that object into the table cell and hope that it fits . God forbid that you want to edit backgrounds or size of font . This tool is only fine if you 're doing VERY simple design . DO NOT BUY THIS TOOL IF YOU WANT TO PUBLISH A NEWSLETTER !!! If you cut and paste the HTML into a publishing tool , the imbedded objects do NOT retain their positions . In other words , What You See Is NOT What You Get !
 I would have given the game a much higher rating , but I could n't get the batteries for the flashlight . I tried on a different computer , of course it meant playin the game all over to that point . This time I got an error message . I did like the game but my copy had a flaw and I was not going to buy it again to play it .
 I 've played all the Nancy games and have enjoyed them all to varying degrees , but I have to say I did n't much enjoy this game at all . The standard Nancy game variables are all there ; interview suspects , hunt for clues , avoid game ending mishaps , and solve the case , but this game did not do a great job with presentation . There were only a couple of marginally difficult puzzles to solve , even on the hard level , and while normally playing the Nancy games , I would have to have a note pad and pen to write down info . located during the game that would be needed to progress , now Nancy has a data computer , and keeps track of all items of importance she encounters herself , virtually eliminating any kind of player sleuthing , this would be fine if you were truly stuck and needed help , but checking the computer may give answers to questions the player has n't figured out for themselves yet , even if Nancy has . But my biggest gripe was that there were a couple of very annoying bugs with this game , something I 've never encountered with any of the other Nancy games , I actually had to download a patch to fix one bug . A couple of times the game locked up on me causing me to have to redo much of it again . And some problem near the end when I kept dying by trying to do the thing I needed to . All in all , I would have to say , if you are a big fan of these games go ahead and give it a try , otherwise , this may be ones of those mysteries , better left unsolved .
 Generally I love the ND games because I love solving mysteries and puzzles . However , I gave this game two tries and just could n't take the ridiculous forest navigations . I could not get out of the forest . Either that or the game had bugs . I would follow the arrows and it would lead me to the same landscape/screen over and over again . FRUSTRATING and gave me dizzy spells . Even my bf could n't take the game and he loves navigation games . Horrible design of forest and navigation arrows . Do not buy .
 i thought that this game was awful . . it was wicked boring and there were n't many places to go and people to see . Mainly you were stuck on the lake and you had a boat to go to like two other places . To me having a lot of places to go is fun and this was not . Me and my friend did it in about 4 hours . . a waste of money and a waste of time , since it was suppose to be at least 21 hours of fun . A much better one i reccomend is Message in a Haunted Mansion . One other awful ones are danger on deception island -LRB- which i did n't even finish it was so bad -RRB- . The others werent as bad though
 `` Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake '' is not the best addition to the Nancy Drew series , although not the worst either . The game contains some neat features , like a hidden speakeasy and one of the largest networks of passageways in any Nancy Drew game . However , the game can be very frustrating at times , with a forest maze which Nancy must continually navigate , as well as annoying puzzles.The Story and CharactersThe game begins with Nancy visiting a friend who lives in a small cabin near a lake . Nancy 's friend , however , has fled the scene to escape from `` ghost dogs '' which seem to be attacking the house . Naturally , there is more going on than meets the eye , and Nancy must dig into the past to uncover what is really happening.The story is decent ; not incredibly intriguing but certainly not bad . I wanted to finish the game to see how everything turned out , so that does say something.Unfortunately , the characters are n't particularly outstanding or interesting . There are only three suspects , and one of them , a bird-watcher , is particularly annoying and unlikable in general.The AtmosphereThe setting takes place in a wooded location around a lake . Besides her friend 's property , Nancy can take a motor boat across the lake to a `` visitor 's center '' as well as a general store . I 'm not much of a woods person , so I felt the locations in general were below average for a Nancy Drew game . However , I did appreciate the speakeasy and the large number of passages.An incredibly frustrating component of the game is exploring the forest near Nancy 's friend 's cabin . It is set up like a maze , and it is easy to get lost . A map is provided , but it still can be very frustrating . Nancy must navigate this forest numerous times throughout the game.The music is decent , alternating between cheerful to quite creepy.The PuzzlesMany of the puzzles in the game are annoying , especially for someone who does not enjoy puzzles in general . The game was n't good enough to make me want to spend time to solve the puzzles , and I relied on hints for most puzzles throughout the game.In ClosingI would not play the game again . `` Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake '' has nothing particularly outstanding about it . The annoying maze and puzzles make the game , which is only average to being with , subpar . If you are an avid collector of Nancy Drew games , then you 'll probably want to play this . However , if you are just starting the series , forget about this one unless it is below $ 5 .
 I bought this software for my 4 year old grandson & I to have fun with -- we are both computer savy and usually have no problems with software , the internet , graphic programs , etc. . The description on the box looked like it would be fun , have appropriate activities for his age , and be something he easily could do . I thought the instructions were vague , very hard to find certain activities -LRB- especially the ones we wanted to do the most -RRB- , and overall , we found it too frustrating and wished we could return it . Right off the bat I was amazed at how poorly the first activity for each season was set up
 This title runs rediculously slow on my new Macintosh . Some of the mini-games take 10 minutes or more to complete -LRB- race-a-long , for example -RRB- !!! Stay away from this dog .
 I bought this and it is definitely defective . It was not a computer installation issue . The problem is in the main music game that labels letters phonetically in a word . It does not spell the word correctly and sounds the wrong sound for the letter . I was told the earlier version does not have these defects and I am buying that on ebay . Its a pity because the rest is very nice so I hope the earlier version will be fine .
 I liked the design of the program . I played briefly with my daughter and then started letting her play alone . Today I played with her and was surprized to see it telling her incorrect sounds for some letters ! `` Click on the letter to hear its sound . '' She clicked on E and it made the sound for A ! The same thing happened with O and I in this section of the game . My husband said he saw it giving her incorrect info in another area of the game . Now she 's sad that I took her game away and I ca n't get a refund because I lost my receipt and the toy store wo n't take opened software . Apparently , there was poor quality control on this program . This could really confuse a young child learning phonics ! Or perhaps the creators of this game could use some basic phonics lessons?Note added 2/15/12
 This old program seems to have trouble with Windows XP . It changes the resolution to something that Windows XP considers `` less than optimal '' . Consequently a mysterious panel keeps popping up offering me the chance to change the resolution . Of course , the panel disappears whenever I hit any key and then reappears about 15 secs later only to disappear again . At this point I 'd rather teach my kid to drag her nails over a chalkboard than mess with this anymore .
 We owned Reader Rabbit products for years , and my children loved them . This version does not work on the latest OS . Email from their technical support indicates that the software is `` very old , '' and therefore does n't run properly .
 If you want to get the UK/Ireland map , get the download from Garmin . The MicroSD/SD is an off-the-shelf brand that does n't work reliably . You can buy higher quality media on your own rather than this cheap adapter kit . I 'm very disappointed with this amateur product from Garmin .
 The Brazilian map is of no use . I live here and used it on approx . 1 ' 000 miles.a -RRB- In the city , streets are lacking , have outdated intersections , returns etc. . And the map is constantly off some 100 ft.b -RRB- On the countryside the situation is even worse
 If I could give this European card no stars , I would . This was nothing but a huge disappointment ! We expected our Garmin with this card to work as well as it does in the Us . We could NOT have been more wrong . It would take 10-15 minutes to find a satellite , if it even found one . Then once it found it , it would lose it very easily . The few times it actually did work -LRB- and I mean few ! -RRB- it would makes us walk out of our way , up to a half mile one time . We were there for 6 weeks and I think this card worked for us , maaaaaaaaaaaaybe 3 times . Biggest waste of money we 've ever spent .
 I ordered this three weeks before my trip and it do not come in time . I will be returning this item and will not be doing business with this company again . If you can not have quicker service than that you should inform the customer of this .
 We ordered this product so my husband could use it when he goes into Canada to go fishing . The description said it was for all of Canada , but it only gives us two prov . I have contacted the seller to try and return it , but they are ignoring me . I have never had such lousy service from an Amazon vendor before .
 After being beholden to the Garmin for getting us through Spain last summer , I did n't hesitate to buy the Garmin map for Ireland . Fortunately I had read other reviews of the chip and was prepared to find some roads unaccounted for by the Garmin . We were fine getting around Dublin and the route toward Cork , Kinsale and on to Kenmare . Heading north along the west coast , however , we were terribly disappointed by the Garmin . Beyond Trabert into County Clare and the large city of Galway , the Garmin was totally worthless . If we had n't had the Collins road map , we would have been entirely lost . It 's not like the roads are new in western Ireland !!! Come on , Garmin ... get with the program and get your act together !!! I spent a good sum of money on the product and it was n't as advertised .
 Having used the city navigator briefly while in Sicily , I 've found the maps totally outdated . I eventually found my destination , but only after some frustration . It usually had me taking the longest route . It clearly needs updating ! Fortunately , you can not get lost using it .
 it was unclear from the tech specs available at Amazon that this card would not fit the newer Garmin GPS units with the smaller data cards . I returned it , but so far have n't received any notification that Amazon has received it or gotten any credit on my credit card
 I purchased this update for use during our time driving in Ireland and England , early summer 2011 . Several times in the 10 days of travel we were on roads and highways -LRB- carriageways and motorways -RRB- that were not in the software . I found out these roads have been in use at least one year . If this is considered current then I doubt it is worth the money . In addition , during this trip the software seemed to often choose odd , inefficient routes . I checked and rechecked the settings to make sure it was set to fastest and not just shortest , and that it was not set to avoid highways , etc. . We would drive by short routes to a highway , to drive through town to get on the highway we could have been on earlier . This happens once in a while in the States , but this summer in Ireland it was frequent and frustrating . Bottom line - I will not buy another update from Garman . The cost is already almost that of a new device - but the bigger issue is the fact that the software is not current , and not accurate .
 The detailed map is not so good because does not include certain points such as tolls , bumps and radar indication .
 We found this to be completely useless on our trip to Ireland in June . We rented a car in Killarney and drove the Ring of Kerry , the Ring of Dingle , and up through The Burren to Galway . Thank goodness we had a map from the rental car company and a guide book with halfway decent maps . The Garmin could not recognize most of the addresses for our hotels and could n't even find a lot of the towns . I 'd say over 80 % of the time it did n't even show us as being on a road and I took one picture where it thought we were driving in the ocean.I do n't know whether it would be useful in Dublin . Like I would imagine most people do , we used public transportation there . It was a complete waste of money . I am considering writing the company to complain and requesting a refund .
 I tried this product in the `` Interior '' of Sao Paulo.It did not have a listing for the airport that we flew into . Using it to give directions from the airport to our destination was a disaster . It wanted us to go through every small town and down the frontage roads of the `` freeway '' , rather then stay on the `` freeway '' . At our destination , it wanted us to drive the wrong way on the one way streets , was off aprox 100 meters , or one street all of the time.Based on what I saw , this product is not ready for use outside of the big cities .
 Happily I just received this , in Europe that is , nice toy from Garmin . I live in Rio de Janeiro , the second biggest city in Brazil and there are a lot more mapping to do before this fills the purpose . Even in the city core of Rio most numbers of the streets are missing and if your go a few kilometers outside , nothing , nothing exists.Actually , I find the product far from ready in Brazil . Shame on you Navteq -LRB- and Garmin -RRB- , this one should have came with a steep `` beta '' discount , if at all .
 I did not read the instructions . I tried to install this thing on Windows XP and it blew away the operating system . I had to do a reinstall of Windows XP to get my computer to work . I love this product , but can not now use it .
 Tried installing this on a new laptop with Windows 7 , the installation program said that it was not compatible and stopped the install .
 I was disappointed that this CD only runs in classic mode , so I have not viewed it yet because I have to attach my old harddrive with OS9 on it . Cloud 9 is fun but the screen window shrinks and gets pixelated regularly and then we need to restart the program and wait through the tedious -LRB- for me , my daughter does n't complain -RRB- intro story with falling rain gear -LRB- a bit far fetched ! -RRB- But at least Cloud 9 actually runs in OSX !
 My daughter quickly lost interest in this program . The fact that it still has some bugs did not help . It locked up on several occasions and during some of the games she selected the correct response but the game would not accept it . While this is cheaper than Hooked-On-Phonics , do n't waste your money .
 Learn to Speak French is a terrible product . The Learning Company says it can be used on Windows XP , but it just is n't true . It loaded well and seemed to run OK , but within 10 minutes it crashed the system because it used up all the resources . There seems to be a bug that does n't allow resources to close when you leave an area.When I went to TLC home page to look for a bug fix I discovered that L to SF is supported over the web only and no support by e-mail or telephone is available.There is a fix to correct some problem with Win 2000 so , with nothing to lose , I downloaded it and attempted to install it . The first step was to go to the drive that had the L to SF CD in it . I did this and when I clicked OK it returned to the C drive . Nothing I tried would take me to the D drive.Maybe this works well on earlier versions of Windows , but on a Pentium 4 , 2.8 Ghz , with 1 Gig of RAM it was useless .
 Says that it works with Windows XP . Well , that 's a load . I actually left the computer on overnight so this stupid cd could load , but it was `` thinking '' all night . As soon as I loaded the cd and clicked on `` start '' in order to load it , it just froze . I tried at least 5 times before I just gave up and sent it back . What really sucks is that we are leaving for Paris in 4 weeks and I ca n't even think of what to get that would give me the basics fast enough . So , save your money if you have Windows XP .
 Very disappointing piece of software . The working area is about 1/2 the screen size . It is difficult to navigate and use . The `` OFFICIAL '' activity book is also useless . It gives you projects to do that do n't work the way they are supposed to . Definitely not worth the money .
 the working area is half screen in size , that in itself is annoying the other quirk is the views of your creation either very close up or very distant , its not what I expected .
 I agree with the reviews I have read . Unfortunatelly , when I read the reviews I had already bought the product . I think it is boring , very complicated and frustrating .
 This software will NOT work on XP operating system in any compatibility mode . There is no patch anywhere I could find .
 Lego fans are always interested in a new way to use legos , in this case , the computer , with Lego Creator . The cover it seems all cool with the nifty features and good graphics . Along with `` ease-of-use . '' Well that all changes when you actually play the game . With it 's half screen viewing , and not `` easy to use '' , you think again weather you just lost 19.95 . And guess what , you did ! The game is stupid and boring , along with very hard to use . I thought it would be easy . Click to add a piece . Well no , it 's hard . It 's basiclly a challenge to get the piece in place . You could make a game , `` Get a Piece Connected
 This software takes forever to load and once loaded it is painful to use . My son and I , both thought the program is overly complex and not intuitive . Time passed quickly while trying to build simple structures , which made the user loose interest and become bored . It also appeared to limit the users imagination & creativity that you typically have when using the real blocks . It definitely did not meet our expectations .
 i got this game a while ago and i rarley play it anymore . this game doesent deserve half a star . there are no boats or planes , only helicopters . the only good part was playing . it 's slow and the graphics and sound are bad for a PC game . Ther are very few good parts to this game , it is only worth about 7 dollars .
 I thought I was getting bible story DVDs but instead it is a CDROM of games etc. we do not use it . Bummed !
 This title will not work on computers with a 64 bit version of Vista or Windows 7 . The publisher offers no support for this title , so there is nothing that can be done .
 Like the other reviewers , this would n't work on my computer . The box clearly states that it will work on Vista , but when I go to install it , it gives me an error that states that one of the files is n't `` compatible with 64 bit Windows '' . I ca n't follow the other reviewers instructions , because it wo n't let me get any further than the error message . Stinks , because the kids were really looking forward to playing this one .
 The box clearly states that the game is vista compatible but it does not work on my new computer .
 I purchased this only because of the fact that it stated it was compatible with Windows Vista operating system . It will not run on my Brand New high end computer . If you read the readme file that comes on the cd , there is not a mention of Vista ... so if you have Vista - count on it not running properly !!!!
 Wow ! If you want a very basic genealogy program , this is it . No frills at all . Good thing it was on clearance at Staples ! I 'll pay a little more and get FTM !!
 Please buy with care , I purchased FamilyKeys only two months ago now and I still can not use it.FamilyKeys is actually a combination of two other products , CPUkeys and FilterKeys . Although both products seem to fit the bill as far as functionality goes , I am unable to register either of them . I have valid serial numbers but the registration process does not work . You will not receive any support from the resellers of the licenses and there seems to be only a single support person for these products at softappco.Repeated e-mails only received a muted response , and that after days of waiting . Apart from issuing even more serial numbers for me to try and use , they seem completely incapable of dealing with any thing other than selling you the product.So in short , purchase with care , if all goes well you may never have a problem , but if like me , you get even a minor technical hitch , be prepared to live with the consequences and lose your investment.Its a shame because of all the products I tested , this bundle seemd like the best choice .
 My family has found this software very helpful . Once you get it set up , it works wonderfully . I wish I could say the same thing about Downloads from Amazon . We have had computer problems and have had to reinstall the operating system a few times . Unfortunately , you can only install this software 3 times before it locks you out . Amazon has been very unresponsive in trying to fix these problems . I would not recommend this , or any other software , that can only be purchased from Amazon by downloading it . Find it on CD somewhere else .
 1936 ' - `` Revolt of the Zombies '' ... in which there were no dead people to call zombies other than in the first 5 minutes of the film . After that ... zilch . nada . not a zombie to be seen.Rather , folks were hypnotized with Bela Lugosi 's eyes super-imposed on the film * which , by the way , Mr. Lugosi received no screen credit for * . Once un-hypnotized , they 're pissed-off and make lots of noise while generally running amuck and creating havoc before killing their ` creator ' , Armond.Come to think of it , I do n't even think those Asian guys in the beginning were dead either . They just inhaled the magic smoke that the buddhist monk , who somehow found his way to the Franco-Austrain border , puffed their way sometime before the film began and they were hypnotized . I 'm quite sure I 've tried some of that stuff before ... sans the buddhist monk . Perhaps it was called `` Buddhist Monk '' because of its calming , zen-like quality ... but I digress ... This movie had a shot of being so incredibly awesome . It began with the Forward : `` Many strange events were recorded in the secret archives of the fighting nations during the world war.But none stranger than that which occurred when a regiment of French Cambodians from the vicinity of the lost city of Angkor arrived on the Franco-Austrian front . `` Did you catch that ? `` during the * world war * ' '' . It did n't specify which world war because this movie was made in 1936 and there had been no 2nd world war yet . Awesome place in history!All that aside , this flick should have been called `` Revolt of the ex-Zombies that Never Really Were '' since they never died and they were un-hypnotized before the revolt.O ... and one more thing that I did n't like , this was really just a disguised love story gone wrong ... heavy on the love story and nothing left over for classic horror.And well ... I 'm not into love stories so ... thanks ... but no thanks . : /
 This edition of Roan Archival 's wonderful double feature series pairs REVOLT OF THE ZOMBIES -LRB- 1936 -RRB- with KING OF THE ZOMBIES -LRB- 1941 -RRB- . The first film is a forgettable little picture about a group of adventurers in Cambodia searching for the secret of `` zombie making '' . Pretty tame stuff that never gets better as the hour progresses . Mostly a hoot for the awful acting -LRB- Dorothy Stone fashions herself a poverty row Bette Davis , which she never achieves -RRB- . The source material for this film is in pretty bad shape , though Roan 's transfer is about as good as can be expected . Some lines , bad splices , poor soundtrack , fingerprints , splotches and other defects mar the potentially beautiful picture . Considering its age and probably the poor conditions under which this film was stored , you get what you pay for . But still , this flaw lowers the star rating considerably . As for KING OF THE ZOMBIES , the exact opposite can be said . The picture is absolutely pure and the contrasts sharp . There are a few rough spots and one film jump , but this is among the finest transfers I 've seen of a poverty row picture . As for the film itself , its pretty dated stuff . The racial stereotypes presented surely provided a chortle in its day , but today seem so out of place . But the picture is engaging in its stupidity and when the DVD is over , you do n't feel like you 've been had . Hardly `` horror classics '' , this disc will keep you entertained nonetheless . It helps both films are a little over an hour long .
 King Of The Zombies is a great campy/funny B&W film , and Mantan Moreland steals the show . Unfortunately this transfer of the film print to DVD is the worst that I have ever seen , and Im not referring to the scratches , dust or spots on the print that was used , this actually adds to the vintage feel of the film . The problem with this DVD is that the frame of view has been cropped in on all sides so any scene where the actors head is close to or at the edge of the original frame gets there head cut off down to the nose or mouth and this is through the whole film not one or two scenes . I do n't recommend that anyone who enjoys vintage film of this type buy this DVD .
 Although I am not a fan of vintage horror films I purchased KING OF THE ZOMBIES because of a very favorable review in a German movie magazine.The plot has an US secret agent , a pilot and their black servant crashland on a small Caribbean island . It turns out that the island is ruled by a German expatriot , who has kidnapped an American general and uses black magic Voodoo Mumbo Jumbo to get some military secrets out of the unfortunate high ranking officer . Of course the zombies of the title are not the flesh-eating ghouls of today 's splatter films , but the living dead of Voodoo magic , will-less slaves of the Nazi , who uses them for his sinister plans . Will our heroes succeed in thwarting the Nazi 's evil plan ? Well , I do not want to give it away , so watch for yourself ... Despite the unusual storyline involving espionage , a sinister Nazi , Voodoo and zombies , I found KING OF THE ZOMBIES rather dull and talky . -LRB- I am aware that fans of vintage horror will have a different view and likely rate it higher than I did . -RRB- Despite the brief running time of a little over an hour it drags in places . However black actor Mantan MORLAND was fun and his many funny lines will make you laugh throughout . While I am usually not into comedy , I found his performance a real joy to behold . Be aware that KING OF THE ZOMBIES shows his age . This is evident not only in the choice of the baddie as a German -LRB- owing to the propagandistic needs of the time -RRB- , but also in a few of MORLAND 's jokes , which are of a racial nature -LRB- like commenting his appearance , when he looks into a mirror , `` the tropics sure gives a man a colour '' -RRB- . Do n't watch , if you dislike such jokes . However there is no doubt that MORLAND was a great actor . Were it not for him , this film would have been a complete waste of my time . I also liked actor Victor HENRY , who played the baddie . As usual in these films the heroes are bland and boring.The DVD is a bare-bones release , with no extras whatsoever . And do n't expect picture quality to be as good as of a recent blockbuster movie . This is only natural given the film 's age .
 This movie is a camp classic !!! It is so BAD that it is almost great . The premise is that Dick Purcell is working for the government and he and the always ridiculous Mantaan Moreland and John Archer crash their plane onto an Island inhabited by a Nazi sympathizer who turns the local natives into Zombies to do his evil bidding . The plot is confusing , how can a man help the Nazi cause by being on an island in the Bahamas ? Mantaan Moreland , who was genuinely a funny man , is relegated in the role of the `` black servant '' who rolls his eyes , and by todays standards it is very sad that he was portrayed as an idiot . The movie however , is worth watching , simply to see the bad writing , directing , and the stereotypical portrayal of Nazis . It is truly a cult classic .
 Third-billed Mantan Moreland is the real star of this 1941 Monogram horror-comedy . Whenever the hilarious character actor appears on screen , `` King of the Zombies '' rises above the usual low-budget schlock . Unfortunately , the non-Moreland scenes are deadly dull . Henry Victor gives a serviceable performance as the mad scientist -LRB- a role intended for Bela Lugosi -RRB- . Amazingly , Edward J. Kay 's traditional B-movie score received an Oscar nomination .
 Please buy with care , I purchased CPUKeys as part of the FamilyKeys product only two months ago now and I still can not use it.FamilyKeys is actually a combination of two other products , CPUkeys and FilterKeys . Although both products seem to fit the bill as far as functionality goes , I am unable to register either of them . I have valid serial numbers but the registration process does not work . You will not receive any support from the resellers of the licenses and there seems to be only a single support person for these products at softappco.Repeated e-mails only received a muted response , and that after days of waiting . Apart from issuing even more serial numbers for me to try and use , they seem completely incapable of dealing with any thing other than selling you the product.So in short , purchase with care , if all goes well you may never have a problem , but if like me , you get even a minor technical hitch , be prepared to live with the consequences and lose your investment.Its a shame because of all the products I tested , this bundle seemd like the best choice .
 I ordered this software on July 3rd , but was not able to download it till July 5 . Imediately upon instalation it corrupted my Windows ME software . I spent 6 hours on the phone with microsoft trying everything to uninstall it with no luck . I reinstalled my system software 3 times and still ca n't use my computer . I have wasted an entire Saturday on this software which I bought for protection , but instead ended up with my worst computer nightmare . Amazon has no tech support number , and if this software has one I was unable to find it before it destroyed my system . Iresponsible , negligent , malicious and malevelant . I regret mightily buying this software . I should have gone to the store and bought something by Norton.Joe
 We needed to purchase a firewall for our business and this one was recommended to us . It was difficult to install , customer service was non-existent and the refund took weeks -LRB- minus the 26 % processing fee for a download -RRB- . If you 're under the impression this product will provide ample virus protection , forget it , it does n't . To try this product cost us time , money and frustration . Despite claims from Firekeys , the product allowed our computers to become infected with a virus . To clean the computers and install a firewall was costly . Repeated calls provided no results only frustration . When we requested compensation for cleaning the virus their software allowed into our system and we were told our request was `` inappropriate '' . What was inappropriate is charging a refund processing fee for a product that was ineffective .
 After I installed this program on my Windows 2000 system , I was not able to access any internet sites at all . Later on I found out that the program somehow corrupted my TCPIP stack . I had to consult my IT expert to get this fixed . Users beware .
 Please buy with care , I purchased FilterKeys as part of the FamilyKeys product only two months ago now and I still can not use it.FamilyKeys is actually a combination of two other products , CPUkeys and FilterKeys . Although both products seem to fit the bill as far as functionality goes , I am unable to register either of them . I have valid serial numbers but the registration process does not work . You will not receive any support from the resellers of the licenses and there seems to be only a single support person for these products at softappco.Repeated e-mails only received a muted response , and that after days of waiting . Apart from issuing even more serial numbers for me to try and use , they seem completely incapable of dealing with any thing other than selling you the product.So in short , purchase with care , if all goes well you may never have a problem , but if like me , you get even a minor technical hitch , be prepared to live with the consequences and lose your investment.Its a shame because of all the products I tested , this bundle seemd like the best choice .
 This is the worst experience I have ever had with software . I spent an entire day trying to get this to work properly . I changed the settings around according to the maual and all I ever got was a ban on every single internet site . It would not allow viewing of anything no matter what I did . Also , my computer has not worked right since installing this program , it keeps have `` serious errors '' now . THIS IS A TERRIBLE PROGRAM AND A WASTE OF MONEY .
 I bought this product because my 6 year old grandson lives with me . Ever since we went with a cable connection , I get unwanted pornography even when I am not surfing the web . There is a family friendly site I use very frequently that does not have so much as a swear word on it . The program blocks that site routinely . I have entered the URL and hit override as suggested , and it does not work . Temporarily disabling the software is cumbersome - and unclear . It also will not let you view large portions of the home page for MSN , even on minimum security settings . It blocks hotmail completely . It was a waste of money . I now have to look for something else .
 This program really stopped all obscene web sites . Unfortunately it also stopped ALL web site . It somehow made IE6 quit working and I could not dial-up a connection . A complete waste of time and money .
 I have never seen such a rotten piece of junk in my life as this software . I installed IMAILKEYS v6 .2 on my system -LRB- the latest version -RRB- , in the hopes of having it help me fight spam . I especially liked the idea of being able to automatically bounce mail back to the spammers . I chose to try this instead of the similar SPAMKEYS product from the same manufacturer , because it was essentially the same product with more features.IMAILKEYS left me with a bad taste before even running the program . It has an overly complicated install routine which put all kinds of dll 's in my system directory , and made a lot of needless changes and additions to my system for such a small and insignificant program . The unusually invasive install program gives you a password to write down and remember . If you do n't , it 's at your peril ! -LRB- read on to see why -RRB- . Once installed , the first thing I noticed was that my firewall crashed upon rebooting my windows 98SE system . The firewall would no longer load . When I tried to get onto the net to find a solution to the problem , my Opera browser also crashed after loading . `` No problem '' , I thought , I 'll just surf using Internet Explorer . That also crashed upon loading . Then I tried good ol' Netscape . That also crashed upon loading . Now I was completely cut off from using the Internet to resolve the problem ! I knew it had to be due to this screwy program , so I proceeded to uninstall it . I tried to use its own uninstall program , but it would n't let me , saying I had to go through the add/remove in the control panel , so I tried that.I 've never seen a program that demanded you enter a password to uninstall it , up until now . `` For your security '' the program says . After entering the `` special password '' , the uninstall did n't work.After about a minute later , it finally decided to start working . During the uninstall , it gives you the typical message that badly designed software gives you about how its dangerous to remove its files from your system because they may be used by other programs . So now because you chose to try a badly designed piece of software , you 've just permanently added more junk to your ever-growing hard drive because you do n't know what allowing the uninstall program to remove those files will do to the stability of your system . Of course , you also ca n't know whether KEEPING those files might affect the stability of your system , and not just affect the size of your empty drive space . Once the ... IMAILKEYS was removed from my system , my firewall and browsers were working again . If I could give less than one star for this pile ... I would.I also think it says something that a company has to write fake reviews of its product on Amazon . I 'm referring to the review entitled `` A Really Great Product '' , which starts out `` We are a small non-profit organization ... '' . ... Best advice
 I 've been running computers since I built my own IMSAI 8080 in 1974 , and have used a lot of software . I am currently running Windows XP on a 1.8 Ghz Pentium 4 . This productr is typical of software and user manuals that are written by technicians , who have no appreciation for the concerns of day-to-day users.The setup is complex , consisting of multiple levels of registration and password protection . Once set up , it immediately blocked ALL of my incoming e-mail -LRB- I use Earthlink -RRB- . Reading the manual proved useless.As far as I can tell , it conflicts with Norton SystemWorks , but who knows ? ...
 This program conflicts with Office 2003 , Acronis True Image , and -LRB- I assume -RRB- many more programs . Live Update crashes and hangs computer regularly , and many features of this program are disabled by cell phone providers . This product is cheezy to the extreme , aweful GUI , horribly slow Live Update downloads , I could go on and on . I paid $ 3 for it , and I am getting a refund . Do n't even mess with it , trust me on this one ...
 I 'm sure all of the wonderful features of PowerDirector are extolled in other reviews , so I need not get into them . I will say this
 I had previously been using a copy of trial type Pinnacle that came with a video card , but had decided on Video Director 3 for my full blown software after reading an online review , not Amazons . The product was extremely glitchy to load and initially would not recognize my Sony HC-40 . When I finally was able to capture video , it dropped 300 + frames in only 19 seconds of video . Pinnacle NEVER dropped a single frame on me . Tech support cost $ 30 per phone call after the initial one free call , use it to ask for a refund . The one star rating if for the art work on the packaging . I went out and got Pinnalce 9 and have had no problems since .
 I was using ArcSoft but bought PowerDirector 3.0 based on a review and the advertising . It has some slick features -LRB- mainly effects and transitions -RRB- that I like but the program is so quirky I have yet to finish a movie with it . I make short mpegs with it and import them into my ArkSoft program to get what I want . Examples of negatives - Losses picture file names or mixes them up , losses pictures , crashes with no warning sometimes , once was unable to set the default duration time for picture display - had to set everyone manually or start all over , can not select all pics and perform the same function on them . My advice , wait for a few versions before buying .
 In October 2003 we purchased the highly recommended Sony DVD Handycam . The movies are recorded directly to DVD in digital format . The DVDs can be played immediately in most DVD players . I have been using the free software that came with the camcorder to edit and manipulate my home movies but the free software did n't offer enough options so I researched which software to purchase . I found several reviews that suggested Power Direct 3 and that 's what I decided to buy . I installed the software and then determined that it is incompatible with my Sony camcorder and I am unable to `` capture '' my digital movies . The software will not allow capture directly from a DVD or from the harddrive . It is NOT an option ... which seems like a basic option to me . I contacted the company to find out if they planned an upgrade to add the Sony camcorders into their compatibility system and they suggested that I buy a new camcorder . Give me a break ! Then they suggested that before I buy the new camcorder I check its compatibility with Power Director 3 first . As if I would base my $ 1000 camcorder purchase on the compatibility of a $ 100 editing software . It never dawned on my that the number one recommended editing software would not work with the number one selling DVD camcorder . This has turned out to be an expensive lesson since I can no longer return the software -LRB- I threw away the box -RRB- . Definitely check to make sure that your camcorder is compatible before purchasing this software . And , do not think that you can rely on Customer Support or Technical Service for anything .
 When Power Director works , it 's neat . Unfortunately , there are major problems . For example , large jpegs are scrambled in the preview library . Likewise , the burning software does not support newer dvd burners and many camcorders.At other times , it is impossible to import mp3 's ; last week they 'd import , this week they do n't . Compounding matters , on-line tech support is too slow -LRB- at least 6 days -RRB- and is usually incorrect . Live technical support is available only by calling Taiwan.Lastly , there 's only one buggy version -LRB- 3.00.1208 -RRB- . As of yet , Cyberlink does not offer improved versions.In comparison with similarly priced software producers such as LumaPix -LRB- FotoFusion -RRB- or PG Music -LRB- Band in a Box -RRB- , Cyberlinks Power Director Pro fails miserably.Good Luck .
 After installing it on a Toshiba Satellite P25 , it produced error messages stating I was lacking XP Service pack 1 -LRB- I 'm not -RRB- and would not read any audio or video files . Also , Real Player stopped playing any audio files as well . Had to uninstall to get the other media programs to work . Message to tech support returned the response -LRB- after 3 days -RRB- that it must be a hardware problem , contact the manufacturer . Would not buy another CyberLink product if they were giving them away .
 Would like to purchase this but have searched the net for customer reviews and -LRB- to my dismay -RRB- have not found any but the two listed here .
 My mom bought this for our children , and we were excited to try it out . Imagine our surprise when we realized that Mac OSX compatible is really Mac OSX `` Classic '' compatible , which is really Mac OS9 compatible ! It was only when we inserted the disk and double-clicked the icon that we realized our mistake . TOO LATE ! Ca n't return it with the plastic off ... Oh well .
 This program was not all it was hyped up to be . The lessons were too complicated . If I knew what they expected me to know I would not have purchased the software . The animated characters were very racial . In the classroom setting the `` dumb '' kid was always black . Thats pretty bad . The white kids were always portrayed as smarter and wealthier . Black kids were portrayed as dumb and poor . Dont buy this software if you do n't condone racism !
 I ordered this product Dec. 10th , 2012 and only received 1 CD-ROM . I am not happy ; it was a christmas present for my son : - -LRB-
 Here are the documented system requirements as shown to a customer : # Macintosh : # Power Mac # 68020 or faster processor # 8 MB RAM # 80 MB hard disk space # 2x or faster CD-ROM drive # 256-color or better video display # MouseMy computer meets these requirements . However after receiving the CD a key system requirement was identified : OS 7.5 - 9Hmmm wait a minute . OS X -LRB- 10.5.1 -RRB- Leopard no longer supports OS 9 ! When you insert this CD you will get : You ca n't open the application `` Dr. Seuss 's ABC '' because the Classic environment is no longer supportedThe little apple compatibility icon needs to be updated to reflect reality .
 Bought the ABC and Green Eggs and Ham cds -LRB- they came as a set -RRB- . Could not load GE&H on my hubby 's laptop -LRB- running XP -RRB- without hanging , so we tried my desktop -LRB- running Vista -RRB- . It loaded , and runs , but continues to hang on occasion . ABC is worse ; we ca n't get past the letter B before it hangs . Both computers have more then enough RAM , OS are listed as compatible , etc. . It gets one star 'cause we can run GE&H most of the time , and my 31/2 yr old LURVES it .
 The description led us to believe that the game was much more interactive than it actually was . Our almost 6 year old was bored with it the first time she played it . The game reads the words on the screen and has limited opportunities to click on the screen for other words to appear . There were no options for reading each section and then having confirmation , practicing how to spell , etc. . Overall , a waste of our money .
 I 've been unable to get this software to work on the computer , despite the virtually identical green eggs and ham software working just fine .
 No one like the cd , not even wy kid who is a total fan of Dr. Seuss ... I have a new PC with vista . could not run the CD .
 I purchased My First Math Adventure from DK Interactive and was very pleased with it . The Reading Explorer will not work on XP . It is very disappointing .
 This software was published in 1998 , written for Windows 3.1 . The setup has been slightly modified to install on Windows 95 . It forces installation of an old version of QuickTime for Windows 3.1 , and will only run at a screen resolution of 640 x 480 pixels . My 15 '' laptop LCD screen is 1024 x 768 pixels , so this runs only on a 9 '' diagonal section of the screen . Since it was not written for XP , plan on letting your kindergartener run with admin privileges , as it 's the only way this software will run , if you can ever get it to install . It was nice that the publisher took the time to update the box with claims that it 's XP-compatible . It would have been nicer if they had actually spent a few hours updating the software so that it actually was XP-compatible .
 This CD is old and the `` flashcards '' it says it has are not really flashcards , they are just questions on the computer.It may add on to a study plan however .
 This product misfired on the technical side in various ways , making it impossible to utilize the software as it was -LRB- supposedly -RRB- designed to work . `` The Learning Company '' lost my trust in their products through their lack of quality control on this one .
 Can not get this product installed and spent 45 min holding on phone and never got to speak to a tech support person . I have had trouble with other Learning Comapny Software
 i received the product but i had problems to install and i have a brand new computer so i do n't know what happened but i wrote to the company and them send me my money back i sent the product for defective product .
 I bought this unit , compact , 32mb internal memory , great deal , right ! Well , maybe not . -LRB- I would n't pay a penny more -RRB- . Although what looks like a nifty compact design this mp3 player has some SERIOUS PROBLEMS :1 -RRB- HEADPHONES . VERY POOR SOUND QUALITY . At first I thought the unit itself delivered poor sound quality . Turned out to be the headphones . A child MIGHT not notice , but you will . Non-standard jack size , 3/32 '' or 2.5 mm , compared to the standard 1/8 '' or 3.5 mm . This size plug is used for cell phone and hearing aid headphones -LRB- if you are half deaf this one is for you -RRB- . I can not find high quality replacements -LRB- I have searched DESPARATELY on the web - NOTHING -RRB- . With good headphones and the adapter the unit sounded good , but already poor battery life suffers when using quality standard mini headphones .2 -RRB- NO CLIP . This unit is small and lightweight , but unless you put it in a pocket that closes or snaps or is deep the unit will fall out . Or you can hold it . That gets old REAL fast .3 -RRB- PC Interface . At 1st looks great . Drag and drop from your mp3 folder to a standard portable drive folder . But my PC locked up each time . And if you disconnect the unit for a moment , the drive interface disappears and I had to reboot my computer just to continue adding songs . Also the USB cable on the unit end is NOT USB and is proprietary . Lose this cord and you are out of luck .4 -RRB- BATTERY LIFE . One AAA battery . This unit needs to `` get a life '' . Stock up or get rechargeables . If you plan to listen for more than an hour or two you will have to carry replacements .5 -RRB- NO EXPANDABLE MEMORY . What do you want for the price ? At the regular price this would be unacceptable.SUMMARY : Wait 'till this one goes on clearance and buy it as a stocking stuffer for the kids at Christmas . I think it is marginally worth that , but would n't touch it for one penny more . Or let Santa take it to the land of misfit toys where it belongs .
 It installed in 5 minutes on my Windows 98 computer . -LRB- There was supposed to be a floppy containing the Windows 98 driver in the package , but the floppy was missing . I got the driver from the company 's web site . -RRB- In Windows 98 , it shows up as a separate drive , so I just dragged & dropped files onto the drive . I deleted files by opening the drive on my desktop & deleting the files . It holds 32 mb of mp3 files . I loaded files with bitrates ranging from 16k mono -LRB- which fits an hour of very low-fi spoken-word old time radio into a 7 mb file -RRB- to 192k stereo & it handled them all -LRB- except for one file which , although it plays perfectly on my computer , had a distorted stretch in the mp3 player -RRB- . Sound was pleasant through the supplied earbud headphones . It has an oddball headphone jack -- smaller than a regular mini jack . The earbuds were n't round -- they were oddly shaped . I tried every possible position in my ear -LRB- I also tried switching them from one ear to the other -RRB- & they were extremely uncomfortable in every position . They drove me nuts . Maybe my ears are misshapen ? Maybe an electronics store sells an adapter to convert the oddball headphone jack to a regular mini jack?To get the computer to recognize the mp3 player again after it had been unplugged from the computer , I had to unplug the usb cable from the computer , then plug it back in.It has to carried in the pocket -- there 's no belt clip.The fast forward button has a dual function -- it would fast-forward through the current song or advance to the next track , depending on whether I kept the button depressed or not . But the rewind button has only a single function -- it only goes back to the last track ; it would not rewind the current song.Battery life was 2 hours of continuous play on a fresh alkaline -LRB- unless the battery was used when I was adding or deleting songs , in which case the battery life was much less -RRB- . I ca n't speak to the standby battery life issue mentioned by the other reviewer , because I fired this battery-chomping hog back at the store 's return desk before standby battery life became an issue!For someone who is looking for a tiny , inexpensive mp3 player and is willing to tolerate the quirks listed above , the DRMP3P01 may be just the thing . But mine was returned to the Land of Misfit Toys .
 I purchased one of these products and have had nothing but trouble with it . It is poorly contructed and has an extremely short standby battery life . -LRB- i.e. less than 3 days -RRB- . I had the unit replaced and I was able to get 4 days of standby time out of it . It appears that thier QA/QC function at Digital Research is non-existent . It almost appears like they made an engineering change in the middle of a production run . The hardware is not worthy of being considered as a doorstop . The software is buggy and has problems , especially with the newer operating systems -LRB- WinME , Win2K , and WinXP -RRB- It locked up my system and I had to remove it so my system would become stable again !
 This item does not contain the correct drivers for Windows XP . Tried to locate the drivers from the company but the website is not accessable . Tried digital research technologies home page - page not found . The company was bought out by IOM holdings of Nevada but that was not help either . You would think someone would check their product before sending it out to market .
 I got this piece of gumball machine -LSB- stuff -RSB- from my dad ... It took a month to get it to work on my Win98 operating system , and it only worked one time . The manual and tech support are of no use . The drivers do n't work , and the device has to be removed and/or uninstalled every time you try . It makes my computer run poorly , shut down , and start up in safe mode . I did manage to get 7 short songs on it -LRB- many of them are incomplete downloads -RRB- , which all sound horrible . The ear buds hurt ... and can not be swapped out wihtout an adaptor . And it does actually skip when jostled , but do n't we all ? Bottom line ... the device is sitting in the package right now , and I 'm searching for a decent MP3 player . DO N'T BUY THIS ONE !
 In a word , BAD ! No , wait ... AWFUL ... no , that does n't quite describe it either ... RIPOFF ... yes , that 's better ! DR is basically selling a barely functional piece of junk for $ 40 - $ 50 that probably costs about $ 2 to make in that bastion of cheap labor and lax environmental laws , China . Add a couple of bucks for freight and , whoo-wee , we 're makin ' a killin ' on these here MP3 thingy 's , Billy-Bob . Actually , a chimpanzee of merely average intelligence would probably do a better job designing an MP3 player than the bozo that cooked this thing up . I must say , though , that it looks cool , with lots of little electronic-type thingys glued to what appears to be a printed circuit board . I think most of them are for decoration ... if they all had a real function , it would probably actually sound like the other MP3 players on the market ... that is to say , good .
 This mp3 player would not work on my or my husband 's windows xp computer .
 Have had a number of problems with this software , from the early days of purchase . Was never able to get support from the vendor -LRB- Intervideo -RRB- and finally my version of the software went past it 's `` end of life '' for support . So now they offer me `` buy our latest version '' as a fix for the problem . Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice ... -LRB- not going to happen -RRB-
 I have installed this product , did n't work , uninstalled and then installed it again . It works periodically but can not depend on it to play DVD everytime.This is with Windows Vista .
 Two major concerns about this software :1 . Type of capture . Camtasia captures AVI files of your screen . This may be great if you require full motion capture , but consider the situations where you do n't , like creating software demos . Camtasia will capture any erratic mouse movement , and the exact speed and accuracy with which you type . You can , of course , do some editing to try to compensate for these factors , but that 's a lot of extra work . I have also discovered that if I excise a portion of captured video , I ca n't get a callout to span the edit , severely limiting what I can do in a demo .2 . Program performance . In the course of using Camtasia on just two projects , I ran into these problems : a . It locked up while I was editing video , and I had to start over.b . It `` forgot '' several edits that I had made during the course of a session and I had to re-do them.c . It lost track of how long the source video was , and so I could not trim the end of it until I closed the program and restarted.d . It ignored one of my `` Save Project '' commands , forcing me to re-do a half-hour 's worth of work when I closed the session and came back to it.e . There was the inability to place a callout noted above.I also found the callouts available in Camtasia very clumsy looking and cumbersome to set up.My system consists of a P4 1.8 GHz computer with 512 MB of RAM , Windows XP Pro , and Intel 82845 graphics .
 If you want to subject yourself to the worst installation routine in software history , go buy Exchange 2007 . We went through 6 complete rebuilds before finally throwing in the towel on the product.During install , you will have to install dozens of server components , roles , features , all by hand . You will have to use the Power Shell to script , edit the registry on multiple machines , prep the domain , the forest , etc.If the install fails , your active directory will be corrupt and you will have to use the server utilities to clean it out.Even if things go right , you are looking at an install that takes hours and requires multiple reboots.I ca n't even comment on the functionality of the product , since I became so frustrated I returned it .
 At work we still use the old version which sucks bad enough , but this `` upgrade '' and I use that word freely sucks so bad that seeing the price of it nearly makes me vomit . This is terrible software .
 You Synchronize for the Macintosh may be the best synchronizer available , but it is not yet ready for prime time . It operates very slowly and is prone to failure , the announcement of which is written so poorly as to be incomprehensible . Neither the documentation nor the company FAQs address the failure to synchronize , and inquiries have produced no results . When the product works as advertised it seems to work well , even if at a snail 's pace . However , when the synchronization fails one wonders what has happened , and there is no assurance that data has not been lost .
 This program was ok , nothing special really . It stored the information but when I wanted a printout of different family tree formats the layouts and what came out were really bad . It was even bad to try to view the formats . If you want a program that you can work with easily and not do anything with the informatioin than go for it but if you want a program where you can actually do stuff then find something else because this is not the right program .
 Do n't be fooled by the name of this program . Entering the information was fairly easy but the report function were anything but quick and easy . I had to call tech support 2 times , holding more than 10 minutes each time , only to find out that printing my entire family tree was not possible .
 Considering after using this product , I ended up with less space on my palm then when i started , and a fried hard drive from the installation software , this product is not worth the disc it comes on . If it cost more , it may be worth my time asking for a refund .
 I used to work for the company which created this software . It locks the user 's computer into a database that no longer exists . It 's basically `` unhappy customer in a box '' , waiting to be opened . If you 're looking for a reason to reinstall your operating system , this would do it for you . The company is no longer in business , so please take this hint.Amazon forced me to give it one star . It 's negative fifteen stars , folks .
 We have always used jump start games for our daughter . But this one failed to work properly . There seems to be a problem with 2 out of the 4 disk and they wont play . They do have a patch for the problem . But we have dial up and the patch takes over 2 hours to download . So I contacted them and they are sending me replacing disk . I 'm glad they were very willing to correct this problem . Just be aware the disk do have problems .
 This is less a review for Total Protection 2007 , and more a review of Mcafee 's customer service support , which obviously extends to all of their products.I used a Mcafee product for about six weeks with no problems . One day , I had a technical issue . It was then that I discovered that Mcafee 's technical support and customer service departments are shamefully unprepared to assist customers . - I had to pay three dollars a minute to use the technical support telephone number . Of the seven minutes I was on that call , I was on hold for more than half the time -LRB- still being charged -RRB- . When the technician finally emailed me instructions to resolve my technical issue , I quickly discovered he had sent me instructions for an issue completely unrelated to mine . In essence , I spent 21 dollars on hold music . -LRB- seven minutes -RRB- - Mcafee has an online technician chat option for those people who do not wish to pay for technical support . My experience was VERY slow , I was frequently disconnected , and most importantly , I chatted with EIGHT different technicians -LRB- I cut-and-pasted all the chat sessions -RRB- , and none of them was able to provide me with information that was even remotely relevant to my problem . They were all using standard cut-and-paste respponses that did not address my difficulty . -LRB- four hours -RRB- - I studied the Help Tree , FAQ , and Help Index sections on the Mcafee website , to no avail -LRB- one hour -RRB- - I finally called the customer service support line -LRB- it 's NOT a toll-free number -RRB- , explained that I wanted a product refund , and was told I would be contacted within 48 hours . When I was n't , I called and began an almost indescribably difficult process of getting my refund : - conversations with TEN different customer service representatives - being put on hold for one hour on TWO separate occasions , having to finally hang up and call back - being cut off twice - in all , spending FOUR HOURS on the phoneThe worst part is that my issue STILL is n't resolved . Since I 'm demanding that I be reimbursed the money I spent on calling technical support , and that I be compensated for all the personal time and phone time I have invested , I 'm STILL dealing with them.This is a shameful , disgustingly low level of customer support . It 's a shockingly unethical way to do business , and it robs the product owner of any peace-of-mind . We buy internet security and antivirus software for peace-of-mind . But this horrible experience has utterly robbed me of it.PLEASE DO NOT BUY ANY SOFTWARE PUBLISHED BY MCAFEE .
 I have been a Mcafee user for the past five years . Decided to purchase this product based on past experience . Once I installed it , the problems began . Email took at least 10 min . to open up and my computer 's performance became nonexistant . Uninstalled it and everything was normal again . Reinstalled it - same problems . Decided to go to McAfee 's website to see if there was a patch or something . Nothing at first and then went further into the online forums . Then I realized that myself and about 5,000 other people are having this same problem right now . Check it out for yourself . Trust me - there 's better ways to waste 50 bucks .
 I purchased Mcafee Total Protection last week and after five hours of `` live '' chat tech support -LRB- two minutes minumum between responses -RRB- , I was still unable to get this software to install . First they blamed it on an earlier version of Mcafee , then it was a CA etrust virus program , then it was my earlier version of Mcafee again . They have no clue . Even worse , phone-in tech support costs $ 3 per minute !!! I was then refered to email tech support , but they wo n't answer my emails . This product was free after rebates , but I still had to return it . I felt like they should pay me after the headaches this cost me .
 Warning
 Their software came with my Dell computer . I was n't happy with the service . Now every year at this time they charge my credit card . Their customer support is TERRIBLE , I 've had to call in multiple times each year to get them to refund my money -LRB- each call was about 20-30mins -RRB- , and they continue to bill me . I have n't figured out a way to get my credit # out of their system to avoid these charges in the future.VERY FRUSTRATING . I am livid that I have spent so much time on this , and that they contiue to bill me . I think their poor service is by design so that it 's more painful to go through the work of a refund than just accepting the charges for a product I have n't used in 3yrs .
 On their box it says that to download the vista installer , visit this link . You go there and download and it does n't support any 64 bit version of vista . Buyer beware , they are n't telling you the full systems supported . If you contact their customer service , they 'll say , it 's coming soon . The boxes with the stickers were printed in April , so soon to them means months at least 4 + months away . horrible service . i 'm going to get their competitor 's software .
 After I installed McAfee Total Protection 2007 , it took more than 20 minutes to open every Word document or Excel spreadsheet or Powerpoint slide . This was very much frustrating . McAfee Total Protection 2007 slows down other applications and I have uninstalled this product finally .
 The anti-virus product came with my Dell . I signed up for the updates that are needed for the virus scan to work . It seemed to work fine . But after a while , I was tired of the pop up 's telling me that I should upgrade to another product.I deleted this program from my computer . But I am still being charged 39.95 / year for the automatic subscription service . Last month I spent about half an hour finding the correct number and calling customer service . But today I received another e-mail today informing me that I would be charged again . I just do not have time to deal with this issue every month.Like AOL they might have a great product , but their marketing efforts will eventually make you sorry you bought it .
 I bought the Reader Rabbit Toddler and pre-school because it was highly recommended but I do n't see what all the fuss is about . It 's OKAY but nothing spectacular -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . My 3-year-old likes to use it every once in a while .
 Very disappointed . Just got a Mac last year and this game can not be installed , in addition to most children 's computer games lacking compatibility .
 Although I 've always been an amazon customer , this particular partner , Galactics advertised that this CD-Rom was Mac capable and it was not . Although they credited my account , there was no human contactor phone # everything was through email and was very frustrating .
 I was excited to order this because of the good reviews , and I 've heard good things about Reader Rabbit . I installed the Baby/Toddler version on our computer . Our computer is new , runs Windows Vista , and we regularly maintain it , so I am really surprised that every time we try to run this program it freezes up/stops responding after a few minutes . I have no idea why it is doing this and we do n't have this problem with any of our other programs . It also freezes up every time you try to end the program . After you click `` Yes '' to leave , it just freezes , and I end up having to close the program in task manager.This is the first computer game that we have ever let my son play . His mouse and clicking skills are minimal , yet he seems to be accidentally clicking out of the games every time . This is frustrating to both him and us . He does n't get to finish any game because he ends up clicking back to the menu . We have to keep re-starting the games for him . Not very well thought out for small children !
 Although listed as Mac Compatible , this product is only compatible with OS 9 . If you went out and bought a new Macintosh computer today , your child would not be able to use this software .
 I bought this for my 13 year old son for Christmas . He tried for hours to find a companion in the game to take with him on the trail , and no people appear -LRB- except the ones that work in the shops -RRB- . I tried it to , and I ca n't find anyone , so we ca n't even get started on playing the game ! It 's frustrating for both of us .
 when i first got oregon trail 4 , i was really excited ! i got my dad to install it right away ! i had a lot of fun for a few days , but then all of a sudden it quit working ! now all it does is plays the sounds - no picture ! i wouldnt buy this product - i wouldnt take it if someone gave it to me ! it would be fun if it worked .
 It worked at first , no errors or anything and I enjoyed it . But , when it came time to reboot my computer , the game completely failed ! I got as far as the town , and then all the people disappeared . I couldnt form a wagon or even join one , and it was frustrating ! Same thing happened with number three !
 I admit , I was a fool , I went out and bought this game despite the reviews . It was awful ! You do n't even get to create the charactors you will embark with . It is slow , it takes 20 + minutes just to cross a river ! It is nothing like the previous games , and that is a dissapointment . If I were you , I would NOT waste my money on this game . The Learning Company should be ashamed to call this their own .
 We never could get it up and running for very long , despite having a technical whiz in the family . We could not get any telephone help from the manufacturer , and the online help was skimpy . I would like to have a working product for my children , but am hesitant to buy any more Oregon Trail Products .
 You need a stone age Quick Time that is no longer in use to get it to work ! Also , it is not a very stable program . It is too bad , because it is pretty cool . You can learn a lot from it .
 This game may look fun , but it is not as fun when you play it . There are many things that you can not do and can . You can fish , and gather plants . But you can only have two partners . When you finally get to Oregon -LRB- which is the only place you can go -RRB- you usually end up in a Hospital . You also have to start from Independence . The hunting is good . You have lots of game and you have a wide view .
 I got this as a gift , because I loved playing Oregon Trail in grade school . This version , though having much prettier graphics , is n't nearly as fun . Half the fun of playing it was naming all the people after your family , and reading the dirty limericks people wrote on the gravestones . Save your money , do n't buy this .
 DO N'T BUY THIS GAME ! Our family enjoyed a previous edition of this game and looked forward to the 4th edition . What a spectacular let down . We do n't have a new computer , but to make this game run we were expected to `` tweak '' our system to a level below the computer we retired in 1998 ! The technical support people at TLC are totally unhelpful . The only suggestions they offer are the same as those printed in the `` read me '' file . Quick Time 4.0 prevents this game from running , so you have to downgrade to the Quick Time 3.0 version that is bundled with the game . Since Quick Time 4 was part of my Windows system files -LRB- and not a separate program file -RRB- you can imagine the headache messing with this caused . It is absurd that The Learning Company expects a `` new '' game to require a version of Quick Time that is no longer available and which has no support . I spent hours adjusting our system to run the game and guess what ? IT IS AN AWFUL GAME . If I had n't spent money and hours of my time DOWNGRADING my computer it would be funny . The game is pasted together with scenery from previous versions . Extremely poor game design , pitiful graphics , and clunky gaming . Not since the days when Windows was first replacing DOS have I installed a game that was such a pain to set up and so undependable in play . Save your money , do n't buy this game .
 I do not recommend buying this game . The first one I bought loaded fine , but I could never move out of first gear . There were no people in the hotel and I could not join a wagon or advance . All the double clicking in the world would not get this game to work . I exchanged the game for another and the exact same senario occured . Bad batch of CD ? I think so . Buy the way , the first and second editions of this software are the best . The third edition keeps crashing on the 3rd CD . The Learning Company needs to get their act together .
 This game was extremely frustrating . As one reviewer pointed out , you must switch between Quick Time 4 and 3 to be able to begin to use the game . Furthermore , even after doing that , I had additional problems with DirectX . After hours of communication with The Learning Company to resolve these problems -LRB- unless everything is set up perfectly , there is no way to find companions to start the game -RRB- , TLC simply refered me to the manufacturer of my computer . Extraordinarily poor design and follow-through . My computer is a relatively new HP 4445 that far exceeds the recommended needs to run this game , yet nothing works.Simply put , do not buy this game unless your idea of family fun and education consists of repeated and futile exchanges with the consumer service division of The Learning Company .
 Okay , Okay , This game may look so fun , but it is n't so fun . I started playing this and it was okay , but then when I went on the voyage/trip to Oregon , it was boring ! Nothing to really do and then the game started to mess up ... like half of the screen went black . This game is so different than Oregon Trail 3 -LRB- and not in a good way -RRB- . I reccomend Oregon Trail 3 instead of this piece of junk .
 We purchased this product for our child based on a review in Consumer Reports Magazine . The program requires Quick Time 3 , and will not run if you have Quick Time 4 installed on your computer . Some of our other children 's software includes Quick Time 4 as part of the installation procedure . As a result we must uninstall Quick Time 4 , and reinstall Oregon Trail 4th Edition each time we use the program .
 The first CD works fine . But the second will not load , and it is frustrating . We enjoy the oregon trails II and use it daily in the detention center I work for in AZ. . We received only half the value of the product we paided for . A big let down . Take them off the shelves in the stores .
 We excahnged our first copy of this game because it kept freezing the computer when we put in the second disk . The new disk has the same problems and we 've never gotten beyond the first disk . The kids have stopped trying and I 'm sorry that I did not ask for a full refund . I thought we were doing something wrong until I read the other reviews and see that many people have had the same problem . Big dissapointment : - -LRB-
 I like some of the changes made between this one and edition number 3 but I agree with the other reviews in terms of technical problems . It took a while to figure out how to get it to work . Only when I changed my monitor to show high color vs. true color could I get it to work and then I only happened to try this based on the system requirements listed on the box not based on instructions for set-up . Even so I still keep coming up with technical glitches that I did n't have with the earlier edition .
 I only wish I had read these reviews before I wasted my money on this game . Oregon Trails 3 was 10 times better . Even the first edition was lots better . Not only is the playing of it slow and boring , but theres technicals problems . It was a total disappointment !
 The bugs with this program make it too frustrating to use . Besides the QuickTime problem , the program hangs after playing for 30 minutes . Very annoying .
 This game is so boring ! There is not much of a challenge to this game . You can only choose from the same boring people each time you start . It takes so long TRYING to cross a river that I was about to fall asleep waiting for it to load ! Dont buy this game , it will almost crash the computer !!!!
 My daughter is seven and was extremely disturbed by this software . She stopped eating -LRB- thought she was going to catch Cholera -RRB- and is still having trouble with her food.Please be careful !
 This product is unusable with the 64-bit system that operates modern computers . Therefore only archaic equipment can utilize this CD-ROM .
 I have had this for a few years , it worked on an old computer , but now it wont even open on our computer . I was looking forward to using it again , but cant : -LRB-
 I purchased this product a few years ago when I had a Windows 98 system . I am now trying to use the CD Rom but it does not work on the Vista Laptop or the Windows XP laptop . To make matters worse there is no way to contact this company . The contact numbers on the packaging do not work . They do not post up to date contact information anywhere on the internet . Please avoid this product . I note that the product only works on old computer systems .
 I wanted some software to provide exposure to a variety of foreign languages . This does provide that , but it 's all very minimalist . Also , the program did not work as it should have . Transliteration was only available for `` certain '' languages ; it was absent for some of the one 's for which it is completely necessary . The audio examples were spoken too quickly for me to decipher them in some cases , and as transliteration was not available , I could not try to phonetically decipher the words . If you want exposure to something that uses basically the same alphabet as Englist -LRB- i.e. French , Spanish , Italian , German , etc. -RRB- it will do OK , but more thorough programs are readily available for these languages . If you want to learn more exotic stuff like Arabic , Russian , Swahili , Japanese , Cantonese -LRB- which is what I wanted and is harder to find -RRB- , those languages are offered in this software , but it does n't do much good without the transliteration feature working on all of them . Additionally , when I tried to get tech support , I was informed that the company does not produce this version anymore , so tech support for it is no longer available . Bottom line , for me , it was a Passport to Not a Whole Lot .
 I bought this for my 4 year old daughter ... One would think that a game for a 4 year old would last longer than 1 hour . She finished it and was ready to put it away forever in less than 1 hour and that included the time to install the software.In short you are better off buying the book for your child because that is really all this is , it reads the story to them and then has 3 of the lamest games that have likely ever been created for a computer . Do n't waste your time on this one , save yourself 20 dollars and buy them the book .
 When it works -LRB- PC version running on Win7 -RRB- , my kids -LRB- 5 and 3 -RRB- really love this . But on their laptop , it runs in a small window which ca n't be sized -LRB- as it is ` full-screen ' -RRB- , and is clearly designed for computers of long ago . If I connect it to an external monitor , it runs in true full screen -LRB- have yet to figure out why -RRB- , but is just as likely to crash at any time . Bought this with Cat in the Hat which does not run at all on Win7 -LRB- at least not for us -RRB- without almost immediately crashing.I work in computers so please trust me that I 've done everything possible to get these games to run well and normally.Very disappointed . These titles are definitely from the island of forgotten and outdated software . A real shame as the content is actually quite good . If the developers took just a quick moment to update these games/books they would still be very popular.Bottom line , unless your computer was new during the Clinton administration you will be buying a heap of frustration and not much else .
 If you 're going to advertise something as strictly Mac Compatible , please be sure to note that it only works in Classic ! I was very disappointed and will be returning this immediately .
 I had high hopes for this Barbie CD-ROM . Unfortunately , it only has drivers for Win-95 . It does not support Win 98 , NT , ME or 2000 -LRB- and I assume XP -RRB- . My seven year old daughter cried her eyes out because the software would not run on our Win 2k machine.When you go to the Mattel website , they claim it is not cost effective for them to write drivers for the newer operating systems . -LRB- seems cost effective for most other companies -RRB- If you are running anything newer than Win 95 and do n't want your daughter to cry her eyes out , do n't buy this game .
 We did n't enjoy this game at all . Barbie is too hard to move around . My daughter , who is very dilligent , gave up after several failed attempts . We 've given it away twice and it 's always returned with a `` no thanks '' .
 My adoptive sister and I are 14 and 15 and found this game which used to frustrate us like crazy , so we decided to try to beat it . After about 35 minutes of tedious play , we gave up . This game is so hard !! Also , Barbie moves at the speed of a 90 year old turtle . We had to google how to beat this game because we were so annoyed . I have no idea how in the world a 5 year old could play this game . I would not recommend this game to my worst enemy . The graphics are terrible to top it all off . So is the music . DO NOT BUY THIS GAME .
 My 6 year old daughter was initially very engaged and excited about playing . However , Barbie is very hard to manipulate , and a large part of the game is simply trying to get barbie to walk without bumping into things . My daughter was very tenacious and played for about 2 hours then was frustrated to tears when the game would n't let her in the room whe wanted to go to get the tools she did n't know she had to pick up . We finally just shut down the computer . I have three girls and would love some good software . Please make the games easier to use -LRB- not so very !! precise about where to move the mouse -RRB- and Barbie a little more intelligent .
 Contrary to one of the reviews , this program does NOT appear to work with WindowsXP Home Edition . -LRB- Tried the process stated and it still does n't work . -RRB- Newer computers do n't have low enough graphics capabilities APPEARS TO REQUIRE 640x480 and NO higher resolution .
 I thought that this game would allow me to play more then just 2 sports
 I tried the suggestion from Weihong Yang from Sunnyvale , CA United States and it did n't work . So if anyone else can find a way to get this to work with XP please let us know . Sad that they sell products that do n't work with current operating systems . Sad for our children who get them for gifts . I think the software company owes us a fix .
 Beware it you buy this game . It does not run on Windows XP system . My daughter was very disappointed , because it was a reward for good behavior . We did get it to run on a old computer and my daughter loves it . It is very difficult for a 6 year old , but she can grow into it . She was also a little disappointed you could not control the game using the keypad arrow keys , like the other barbie games . Using the mouse to control barbie on a snowboard and rollerblades in a little tough .
 The following reviw by Isabella -LRB- 6 yr old -RRB- `` it did not work . 5 diffrent levels of competition . snowboarding through obstacle courses and blad through radical race tracks . spectacular stunts , special tricks , and shcret areas ... all kinda boring over and over again . forget it . `` Parental comment
 `` Santa '' bought this for my six year old daugher who is horse crazy . She was so excited to play it , but unfortunately , it crashed repeatedly on our Windows XP laptop , so we had to give it up . We 've had good luck with other Barbie software , but not this one .
 This is the most dumbist game I ever played . So if you like horses and The Saddle CLub you should get that game insted . The reson I hate this game is becouse you ca n't take care of your horse or clean out its stall and you ca n't solve a mystery , and it is very easy !
 I bought this software for a young girl , who thought it looked like fun . But I could n't get it to install on any of several XP computers.Either this product is a liquidation product that may not work on later computers or I received defective software . When I contacted the seller , there was n't any customer service behind it and they would n't take it back . Buyer beware !
 My girls ages 5 and 7 begged me for this software . I finally gave in even though the whole concept of creating fake finger nails did not appeal to me . They enjoyed the music selections that play while you create the nails which is the main reason I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 . The program comes with some sticker sheets which only contain one set of nails each and wastes tons and tons of printable space . I found it completely impossible to line up the paper so that the little squares would print in the correct spots ! Extremely irritating ! Once I got them somewhat lined up , the girls were very disappointed in the final product . It sparkles on the screen , not on the paper after all ! My five year old will on occasion go in and make up some nails and listen to music , but she will be bored in about 10 minutes and on to another game .
 I found this software really really boring . It 's only wastage of money.Can ' t say wastage of time because you may get bored in onlyyyyyy five minutes . I only want to say never buy this one.Even for a three year old girl .
 I bought this game for my 4 yr . old daughter based mostly on the reviews I 'd read . I was totally disappointed ! The game is so cheap in design , it might as well be an Atari game from way back . The cursor is useless because it stayed behind the picture the whole time , you have to guess at where you 're clicking . No matter what shade of lipstick , eyeshadow , etc. , you choose , it never changes . It remains the same color it started out as , with the exception of the glitter option . It was a total waste of money !! And I would n't reccomend this game for ANYONE ! Let alone a child !
 I have nothing against this product . As a matter of fact , I had one when I was young and absolutely loved it . The only problem is that you ca n't run the program on newer Window 's operating systems . I tried it on Window 's XP and Window 's Vista . The program is meant to run on Window 's 95 and that is all it works on - believe me . If that is what you have , then you will love this .
 This is the worst software package I 've ever purchased , bar none . Check out the support sections of their web site to understand why I am saying that . Not only does it not work , it locks up Word and the entire PC until you reboot . Need proof ? Check out their web site . You 'll wait 4-6 weeks for a refund . Remember , you were warned .
 I purchased this product in February 2004 and it was discontinued in August 2004 . The product is not compatible with Windows XP Service Pack 2 . Now that I have upgraded Windows , I can no longer use the product and the manufacturer will not support it .
 There 's not much in the way of helpful on-screen cues while RoboPDF is processing -- it did indeed appear to lock up my PC , but it was just being very slow.But after waiting for the output , I discovered that RoboPDF did not convert the great majority of the cross-references in my Word document to hyperlinks . And , to complete the picture , the hyperlinks that were created ALL deliver the user to the wrong page ! I ca n't deliver a file in that condition.It is absoulutely astounding that a `` name '' company like Macromedia would consider releasing a product when it ca n't perform the most basic functions . They offer NO phone support for this product ; all they offer is an online forum which they do n't post to -- the forum is just filled with unanswered questions and problems from other users .
 the copy of dvdcopy xpress on the disc is corupted . they company has tech suport but they ca n't help you with this part of it do to legal problems . i wish amazon had told me of the problems . i hope this helps someone from get the raw deal i got .
 Slow loading , locks up frequently in windows XP , overall ok to fair product , needs software patches to resolve buggs
 Following along with the computerized music and tablature has proven impossible . I write all down on paper then come back after I learn it and the animation just messes with my head and it all falls apart.Also for a deluxe edition there is a lot missing accessories and the games are lame.I do n't recommend it .
 You need to have the CD loaded to run the program even after installation . So , if you do n't have a built-in cd/dvd drive , you need to carry the add-on/docking station at along : -LRB-
 If you intend to install this product on a Mac running OS X Lion 10.7 or higher , this product will not work.I attempted to reach the company -LRB- Harmonic Vision -RRB- , by email and voicemail , to find out when it will be updated but its been over 4 weeks and no reply .
 Sorry but both my daughters , 5 and 7 , find this game dull . They both play the piano and I was hopeing this was a good tool to help them but I ca n't get them to use it for very long . I thought it was expensive but was willing to spend the money if it was worth it but it was not .
 I bought this for my violin beginner 11 year old on the strength that it had pictures of violin players on the box . I wanted her to get comfortable with reading music for violin . However none of the software is directed at violin players , but rather just to piano players.Though my daughter is bright and very computer literate this software offered her very little in the way of an interesting learning tool . It may be advertized as good for teaching musical theory but it failed miserably to capture the attention of my daughter.We have a lot of educational software -LRB- 40 + including Edmark by IBM -RRB- ranging from Math , Spelling and Typing games and find this package very limited in functionality and consequently very overpriced !
 I feel like I got snookered . This is cool software , but this particular package can only be set up for ten users ! Big problem for a studio with 160 students . Not bad for home use though .
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT REALLY WORTHY , why should I have to pay $ 70.00 for some thing already is preintalled and came with my PC , I still have it and defnetly it worth nothing none of the 6 voices came with this software is natural human voice they are all fake robot voice , but the saller seamed to be AT&T so I have a lot of complaines aginst them including their poor wireless service .
 A few years back I owned one of the ATT derived Text to Voice programs , but was annoyed when it invaded my WORD program like a virus and mixed itself into the menus and toolbars . I tried to clean up WORD by simply deleting the entire Text to Voice Program , and did not miss it for years and have since then lost the disk . But then need came up again for Text to Voice and so I was looking to buy into the Technology again . I was hoping there had been advances . Several years ago the ATT voices were awkward , clumsy , poorly timed and ill strung together . Checking out the Demos , it was clear nothing had much improved.I read W. Kwok 's review here at Amazon.com , and he had mentioned the German Product Linguatec 's Reader -LRB- Home and Studio -RRB- . Mr. Kwok had spoke about the Linguatec product being super expensive , and , yes , while the Studio verson is about 500 Euros , the Home or Personal Version is priced down the same with all the competition . The American Amazon.com does not sell Linguatec , but I looked over at Amazon.co.uk and they carry all of the Linguatec Readers ... they have many language versions.I went to the Linguatec Site in Germany where purchasing was only a little bit confusing . In System Requirements they were a bit too specific , listing XP-32 . I had to do a bunch of searches to find out what XP-32 was and whether or not I had it -LRB- yes , it is the most basic XP , with 64 being the more advanced version which almost nobody has -RRB- . But once I started to go through the purchase process , the German way of doing things proved to be not so difficult to deal with . Unlike Amazon.uk or Amazon.fr or Amazon.de , they give their prices in Dollars . The Order Menus were about the same as everybody elses . I would have bought from Amazon.uk but I was able to find the Download Purchase option sooner from the company itself in Germany , but now that I think about it , the English Amazon may have had it for a bit less.Oh , by the way , for people who have not shopped Amazon.co.uk or Amazon.fr or Amazon.de -LRB- England , France , Germany -RRB- , your Amazon.com Username and Password , Account Info , Addresses , all of that will follow you all around the Amazon World . And each Branch has its own Products . For Americans who like to read books in English , keep in mind that some rather good books are published in London that are out of print in New York . Also , the Music Department in England has a lot of neat stuff that is listed as Out of Stock in America.Oh , the Linguatec Text to Voice program does have some limitations . There is only one voice and that female . They have this pop up showing the female narrator . If you leave the program in idle too long the girl begins to yawn and drum her fingers impatiently ... all quite amusing . They give two names to the one female voice , only the pop up being different . One image is of a freaky looking chick with startling red hair , and the other one is dialed back a bit more toward social respectability , but both are quite cute , and I would have kept the wild redhead version with no complaint except that while playing with the menus I discovered the other girl who seemed even better.The reading is almost flawless and for such long durations , but every once in while the girl does trip up ... what were the words ? ... `` cooperative '' , `` formative '' . Hmmmmm . Do n't use any words ending in - ative . I looked through the menus and HELP screens to see if I could fix the mispronounciations , but apparently that function comes only with the Studio version . But it was probably easier for me just to rephrase using differeint words , dropping `` cooperative '' and `` transformative '' for the easier cooperate blah blah , and transform blah blah.Anyway , while it might seem on the surface that the ATT Products have some product advantages , all the difference is made up in just the natural quality of the Linguatec Voice . The Quality is surprising . It really takes awhile to figure out that the German Company does n't just have a real live American girl there online with their Demo simply reading the text that you type in -- the voice really having too much quality to be anybody you think they could hire to do such a thing hour after hour , day after day . The voice is that good . The American Products , such as Text Aloud , while being able to present a good Lists of included features , all fall down in the end because the voice quality is so poor . ATT has a dozen clumsy robots speaking in jumpy rises and falls unlike how any language would ever really be spoken . With the price being about the same for the almost perfect Linguatec Reader ... where 's the choice . Simply go to each product 's Demo and type in the Gettysberg Address or something . You 'll hear the difference immediately.Oh , I should say that the American Products can be set at a certain speed where the voices do sound their best , but in such a case , they really should not have a Speed Adjustment , not if changing the speed has such a profoundly terrible impact on Voice Quality . With the Linguatec Reader , speeding up the voice or slowing it down is simply akin to asking the girl to read faster or slower . The rate changes but the quality remains . But if the best speed setting of the American Product suits your ear , then you may not have such a compelling reason to go with Linguatec . But I like my readings to be slow and almost hypnotic , which the German Product does well and the American Product not well enough to be considered at all.Maybe the American Companies should have kept working ... kept devoloping . Letting the product simply get older over the last few years ... well , that seems to be exactly the way to intentionally lose market share.My thanks to Mr. W. Kwok for pointing me in the right direction with his review -LRB- see above -RRB- .
 On paper , iview Media Pro 2.0.3 looks like the perfect image cataloging software , especially for those of us running OS 9.2 . Its not cheap , but with what the software promised , it seemed like the way to go . Not.Its buggy . Constant freezes . Slow . In continuous mode , mp3s can be played during slide show -LRB- great -RRB- but the slide show ca n't be turned off unless you force quit -LRB- which is accompanied by a freeze and a re-boot . Every time . In interactive mode , mp3s ca n't be played , although at least now one can exit the program.I checked my system requirements . All OK -LRB- Carbon lib1 .6 and Quicktime 6.0.3 -RRB- . I emailed tech support , Got a very quick reply asking if the above were installed . When I said yes , never heard anything back.Bottom line . This software is not cheap . If it did what it promised , it would be worth the money . As is , it does n't do that much more than the freeware that comes with most digital cameras.In hindsight , I should have read the reviews at http://www.macupdate.com/info.php/id/5534 . Not so good.For those of you on OS X that are enjoying this software , my apologies . I writing this as a caution to those running OS 9 . Its upsetting to pay this much for software only to learn it does only a fraction of what its advertised to do.iview -- shame on you .
 The easiest level is WAY too hard for beginners . I have little knowledge of french and rather than single word recognition or grammer it 's asking me to respond to questions . This instant immersion is like being thrown in the deep end . Also voice recognition is a little mediocre . Still after I get better elsewhere it may be pretty good .
 I loved the Instant Immersion 33 Languages set and chose to concentrate on the French one . I did so well I wanted to choose a home based language program from the same company that would take me to a much higher level . While still a very beginner , we called the company to be sure we purchased the appropriate set . It even states that you can be an absolute novice but when you begin the program and set it up for a complete beginner , you have to match phrases - and how can you do that if you are a novice ? So disappointed ...
 I bought a Filemaker Pro 5.5 but when I received it there was no installation code . This is totally useless to me without the install code . HELP !!!
 I finally decided to buy the new edition because of XP and the nutritional information for fats . I love MC 3.0 . I hate this one . It would get a 1 star except I like the web feature and the fact I can see the fats otherwise it is a loser in editions.I have to use two to three steps more for everything and look thru things that I really should n't have to do simple chores that I could do in one click with Sierra 's version . It also seems buggy . I entered my categories and suddenly when I opened the last time , the template is gone which means I have to redo the entire thing . It is bulky without very good organization . I will say that it is pretty but that is about it . It is coming out a loser and I am starting to look for my 3.0 which is old but fast and more reliable than this.I use to swear by MC . Course I use to swear by Netscape too . It does n't mean I ca n't change my choices . I just wish it was as good as Amazon 's service in getting it to me.Ok I edited this because I had my old MC3 disk shatter . That is another review of a different product . There was no way I wanted MC8 back . I bought MC5 . NOT bad at all . It is not as bright an interface . MC8 is much brighter in color causing eye problems The Interface stays very much the same but the Sierra product functions much smoother and with less clicks than the Valuesoft 8.0 . MC8 had more problems with crashes and as I said lost all the categories . It also caused major problems importing them . MC5 does the job MC8 claims it does and does fats and imports from the web . The MC5 version does not cause the keyboard/mouse conflict that I had with MC8 and cured by uninstalling . Can I get a -2 for MC8 in stars now ?
 I ca n't imagine a groups of software writers putting out a product like this . It is slow , buggy , difficult to organize recipes . I spent a lot of time collecting recipes but they are so hard to find in this edition , the whole program is worthless . To those that give this a good product review , you did n't know the old Mastercook 3.0 .
 I have had both the 7.0 and 8.0 versions of this software , and was duly unimpressed with both . It is loaded with LOUSY recipes , the search function is awkward , the software runs slowly , backups are unreliable and , the thing that irritated me most , the nutritional analysis of recipes was always WAY off . Either it did n't recognize half the ingredients in the recipe or it was just plain old unable to calculate the values . I thought that perhaps the 8.0 version would have worked out the bugs from 7.0 , but I was wrong . I just purchased Cook 'n software and so far it appears to be far superior .
 I purchased this software after doing much research and it worked fine for the first couple of times I opened it . On the 3rd time using the software , the program would not save lists -LRB- and deleted all the information I 've put in -RRB- and started to get error pop-up windows . I 've uninstalled the software and reinstalled it and had the same problem . I 've contacted the manufacturing company and their opinion is that the computer has a problem . This seems to be the usual answer , when they do n't know what the problem is . This software is aweful and will cause a lot of frustration .
 This is a horrible program , it is not user friendly . For a recipe program pictures are very helpful . Whoever thought picture were n't necessary for a recipe was an idiot . I wish I had known this before purchasing this product . Waste of time and money
 I have used Nortons products for many years , but after upgrading to their new 360 product ... I do n't think I ever will again . At first everything seemed fine . Then one day , I could no longer access my usual gaming programs ... it decided to block them from connecting to the internet . And unlike previous nortons products ... there was no easy way to search the programs on my pc and allow them to connect to the internet . After lots of stress , I finally got my programs allowed to connect to the internet . About 3 days later ... the problem was back ... and it brought a friend ! The Auto protect turned itself off and would not come back on . So I uninstalled and reinstalled . And everything was fine again . A few days later ... same problems ... and now it was n't allowing my networked computers to access the internet . So I finally gave up and downloaded a free trial of Nortons 2007 internet secruity package . That was an even bigger mistake ... Not only does the auto-protect turn off randomly -LRB- which their knowledge base says it is a known issue -RRB- ... re-installing seems to be the only fix . And that fix does n't last long . I contacted tech support and was greeted by someone basically reading a script . I told them my problem and what I had done ... and that it did n't work . What was their reply ? To uninstall and reinstall ... . How many times had I tried this ? With both products even!I think it is time to switch to another service .
 I wish I could have given this steaming pile of bits no stars ! I installed Norton 360 on two computers . It slowed down both of them . Not severely so , until the program started to nag me to renew my subscription . After I did so I lost the use of my laptop for about 4 days . It slowed down so much that it took 4-6 HOURS to boot up and about the same amount of time to shut down !!! After determining that Norton could be the problem it took me almost 18 hours to delete the program . Perhaps the problems have been corrected in Version 2 . I AM NOT GOING TO TAKE THE CHANCE !!! I had already removed the program from my other machine because it blocked me from connecting to my ipod , pda and many online functions .
 I was an avid user of Norton 's System Works back in 2002 . The program worked very well , even the AntiVirus program that was included with it was extremely efficient . In 2004 I bought Norton 's Antivirus 2004 . It quite literally crashed and burned ! Now , after using Trend which did n't stop a bugger of a virus , I made th switch back to Norton 's after the IT person where I work recommended them over Trend and just about all other programs . What did I learn ? Do n't listen to the IT people where I work!Norton 's 360 does have some good features . Anti-Spyware , the Firewall , and the Identity protection functions are very nice . It also has a Firefox cleanup as a default setting . So if you 're worried about someone snooping around your computer looking for your most frequented websites , this is nice to have . The program installed relatively easily . And the program will auto update on it 's own . It also has a PC Tune Up function that includes a cleanup and disk defragmenter , and a Backup files system which can be annoying because it will keep asking you to buy more storage space . It also has `` Auto Fill '' form for your favorite websites and Phishing protection . All nice features.Unfortunately that 's where the praise stops . Norton 's 360 2.0 is so bloated and so resource hungry it will significantly slow down your system . Even if you have a fairly fast computer -LRB- I 'm running a Dell 2.0 gig AMD Dual Core system with 1gig of RAM -RRB- it will still slow your computer down to a crawl at times . Your computer will also boot up more slowly , sometimes the startup sound coming over ten seconds after Windows XP loads . Windows shutdown can also be problematic . Your computer will hang for a bit and then you will occasionally get an error message saying `` ccsrvchst.exe error '' or something to that effect . Plain and simple , this is something that a software maker should ensure does n't happen !! Symantec has been very slow to come up with a solution for this . People have come up with some registry edits on their own . However if you 're not an experienced computer user I would n't recommend attempting them . Symantec 's email support is also slow to non-responsive . I sent them an email about a week ago and I have yet to receive a reply . And probably the final insult , you have to download a special tool from Symantec 's website to completely remove Norton 360 2.0 . As it has a tendency to leave bits of itself behind on your computer.There used to be a time when I would n't hesitate to recommend a Norton or Symantec product . However , Norton 360 2.0 is evidence on just how far the company has fallen in terms of quality . The best way I can put it is that Norton 's 360 2.0 is the SUV of security programs . It 's big , obtrusive , and it 's a power hungry beast who 's hunger you can not satiate . Honestly , I ca n't recommend this product to anyone . I 'm currently looking for an alternative that 's more efficient .
 I used this product for a year , and had checked the sutomatic renewal . I cancelled the product , because it 's really not worth it , and they still billed me . I 'm now into week 2 of trying to get my money back , apparently they ca n't even access their own records , so I need to recreate their database so they can pay me back . A security firm that steals your money , not a good combination . If you do buy this product , and I 'm not sure why you would , DO N'T sign up for the auto renewal , you wo n't be able to stop it .
 I wish I had read these reviews before my purchase , but instead I quickly found out on my own that this software was unusable and needed to return . The package has a 60-day money back guarantee with a website for return information . I followed the instructions precisely and after 2 months of nothingness , I contacted the company . They did everything but give me my money back . They gave me the phone run around , tranferring me to several different representatives , and asking me to wait for several weeks . After the phone round , I got another round of email run-around . To show that they are serious about improving their customer service , they contacted me via email to notify me that they closed my account and request to rate their customer service . I promptly reminded them that my account should not have been closed and nothing has been resolved . They promptly ignored me . I lost $ 69.99 plus tax .
 This is the worst Norton product ever !!! They should be ashamed at even releasing it . My computer has been used more be their service techs than by me . Shame on you Norton !!!!
 I just got a machine with Vista Ultimate . I knew when MS came out with OneCare it was time to sell any Symantec stock , if I had any . After a horrid 3 day ordeal trying to install Norton 360 it 's time to just go ahead and buy what Microsoft is selling , unless I want to change my OS . I 'll bet the OneCare 90 day trial I just downloaded installs flawlessly !
 Years ago , Norton was the leader in anti-virus . They also had fantastic customer service , with actual English-speaking support personnel based in Sunny Southern California -- both on the phones and online . Then they got too big not only for themselves but for average computers -- bogging down operations to a crawl . -LRB- Maybe that was their way of avoiding viruses was to make the system inoperable ... ? -RRB- They shipped all support issues to Sunny India and it was rare you could get someone you could understand . I stopped using Norton at that point because in addition to losing their support , they slogged systems down horribly . So I was glad to hear a Fry 's Electronics ' employee recommend them because they were much faster than they 'd been . True , they were , but they still dragged the system horribly . Pages that used to load in a snap now had a five-second or more lag time . Programs that used to run effortlessly now locked up , froze , and forced a hard shut down . Mysteriously , it would even swap my icons around , exhanging pictures of one for another . Add to that you have extremely little control over what runs and what does n't . Plus , it simply did n't work on a basic level
 I loaded on three computers . Within 24 hours the software warned that my/their firewall was not working . It took me to an area in their product where I could fix it . I clicked ` fix ' and nothing happened ; I tried this many times . It simply would n't work . Tried to call their tech support and learned that both phone numbers in their documentation had been disconnected . Tried to go online - by then they moved me to a `` working offline status '' - and I could n't get online to get tech assistance . This happened to 3 computers in one night . I returned Norton 360 to Amazon .
 After loading this software , it now takes at least 11/2 minutes to open a web page on the internet ... it used to take only 4-8 seconds . This is due to Norton 360 analyzing each page in order to detect fraud . That feature is more painful than it is beneficial and I 'm going to see if I can disable it . The ability to back your documents to a symantic secure on-line website is great except that I never could . The program would n't let me perform a basic setup of this feature and when I sent an email to customer support , I got a canned message saying they would respond within 24 hours with a solution ... it 's been almost a week and no response . So there 's two features I paid for in this software that were not worth it . I was really surprised that Symantic quality and support had fallen to such depths . Am not one to write product reviews , but I 'm so disappointed that I jumped at the opportunity . I haved used Norton Antivirus since 1997 and I should have just stuck to renewing my last version instead of trying to upgrade to Norton 360 .
 Norton 360 is a terrible program.It is a resource hog , allows viruses and spyware in and may destroy your programs.It cost me over 200 dollars to have my machine repaired , after norton 360 killed it.I wouldnt recommend this program to my worst enemy . . I consider this a beta program for paying customers ... Tech support is terrible !!! And now get ready for 2008 ... Please wait for customer reviews by customers using these under real world conditions ... Run as fast as you can away from 360 ... The computer you save may be your own .
 Sadly I have to agree with most others . This sucks royally.I had to turn off phishing , performance was torturous , was perfectly fine before.Reinstalled windows before I realised it was 360 causing all my problems.It took 50 minutes JUST TO INSTALL MY PRINTER DRIVER !!! Normally done in 2 minutes if that.Took 10mins to install many other programs that normally install in secondsTHERE IS NO ADVANCED USER CONTROL !! They try to dumb it down taking away most settings so its interface is real slick , but you loose all control !! It is bad .
 I have a masters in EE and made a very good living as a software engineer until retiring a couple of years ago and it 's VERY rare that I can get this product to work at all . Terrible user interface , very unclear how to get the product to do normal functions , slows my system down immensely , ... . are just a few of the flaws . Do n't waste your money .
 I 'm always cautious about believing reviews here that are negative - especially about software . A lot of the experiences are based on the sophistication of the user , and it 's typically those who ca n't solve common PC scenarios who complain the loudest . I 'm no expert , but I 'm far from a novice in this area . With that , I have to say this is some of the worst software I have ever used.It 's turned my brand new , very fast and snappy Vista PC into a mess . Boot up 's went from a minute or two to 8 to 10 minutes . Existing windows settings were ignored and access to simple things like printers on my network were blocked . Program access was slowed to a crawl . And oh boy does this thing hate iTunes . Just loading the program took 6 to 8 minutes following installation of 360 . And even after removal from my system , it still has not returned to it 's original snappy performance.This is awful software - beware - do not buy and install !!!
 I have purchased Norton before , and found all the screens and additional problems not worth the hastle - even if this made me vulnerable to viruses and spamming . Not wise , I know , but I also I realized security software is something that is not easily dealt with so I just accepted that I might one day have a big problem on my hands . Plus , if anyone has been on a support call for other software products , one of the first things they tell you is to `` turn Norton off '' . I do n't buy something to turn around and keep disabling it to get other things to work.Recently I just saw a good review in PC Mag , and decided to give them another try . Maybe some of these inconveniences have been resolved . I have had done well by heading the advise coming from those folks.Plus , I am well aware of what virus infections can do - our servers at work have come crashing down several times in some of the well-publicized attacks . This disruped my work and everyone elses for several days , and at the same time doing a lot of damage and causing a lot of heartache . I thought I may as well try to secure my home computers.So I purchased the program and loaded it . But I could not get the LiveUpdate to work properly . Liveupdate is required to make sure the latest protections are available to the software . By experience , I reasoned that there could be something very simple that I was not doing , or needed to be done . Sometimes these issues are resolved quickly if you can get through to a live body.They offer three kinds of support . LiveChat , email , and telephone . I rejected email , as I ca n't see how support can work unless you can easily exchange information on a real-time basis.So I tried LiveChat first . But I found there was nothing `` live '' about it . They said the wait time was 5 minutes , but that was not the case . The chat screen initially showed I was 78th in the queue , so I figured I would wait a bit longier - which was fine . About an hour later , I got down to where I was `` next '' , and reposistioned my work so that I could give it my full attention . Next I got a screen that said `` You are waiting for the next analyst '' . Forty five minutes later , that screen was still there . Apparently I was not the next in line.I am not sure if I was smart to end the session at that point , or dumb to have waited that long , but I decided to give the telephone a try . So I called and waited for another forty five minutes . They estimated a half-hour . Finally , I got through to a body - but that was a total joke.The analyst wanted my email address , and naturally the person I was speaking with was not proficient in English . So I told the person my email address - they needed it before anything could be done . But that person could not understand what I was saying . So I slowed way down , and said each letter individually with a pause . Still no dice , so I started through the address string going `` b as in ` boy ' '' , `` c as in charlie '' and so forth . Still the person could not understand . Five minutes later , we were still not even able to exchange the concept of my email address.So I ended the call as gracefully as I could . I told the person that if I could not communicate a simple thing as an email address , I doubt we could resolve the problem.Long story short - Their support is awful . You can see all the problems people are having with the software from all these negative reviews . It looks like at least a few of them might be smarter than an average user , but are still having problems . I think you can bet you might have a reasonable chance at also having a problem.I am still not sure whether my problem is easily resolvable - I have not been able to resolve it on my own . I usually am able to resolve most problems myself . I work as a programmer , and I am no beginner . I do n't often have to call support , but there are occasions when I do . In most cases , I do get somebody that can help me . I try to be patient and let the person try and do their job and not let on that I am anything but an average user - that strategy almost always works - as they get down to the thing that I did not see myself . Ofen I learn something new . But I have had a huge problem even getting to a person who could START helping me.Don ' t buy the product !
 This program only gave me problem after problem . . When I wanted to open a web page , say to pay a bill , the program said my bank web was a virus and would not let me access it . Yes , not able to get on my bank 's web page to pay a bill . I had to delete the program from my computer , then restart it to be able to access the web page . Over and Over !!! I kept e-mailing the support , and they said they are working on the problem . When will I be able to get to the imporant web pages ? That is why I have a Computer !! This program was nothing but a problem . Do n't waste your MONEY !
 I had had prior Norton products on this computer with OK results . After I installed Norton 360 headaches started -- freezing and crashing on the internet and desktop programs as well . Finally my computer was almost unusable . My computer revived after I uninstalled it
 For years , it was a regular occurrence to hear support techs tell me to disable Norton Anti-virus in order to work my way around a crash or malfunction . Unfortunately , it was the only thing besides Microsoft 's pathetic offering that was available for Vista , and based on a glowing review from PC Magazine , I took the plunge.As I write , I 'm looking at the 360 icon in the taskbar , with it 's ominous red x and the tooltip telling me that there are 6 unresolved issues . I do n't want it to defrag my disks , ever , but I have n't been able to figure out how to tell it that without getting the warning . The main interface wo n't open , no matter how I click on the icon.After weeks of being unable to get Live Update to work properly , a support tech told me to run the uninstall tool and re-install the program . This caused Windows Vista to crash and I spent about 6 hours fiddling with the Windows repair utility to get it to reboot . When I did finally reboot , the problem was n't resolved and the support tech , with aplomb , advised me to re-run the uninstall tool , unfazed by my previous experience.Live Update is failing on my other installation , but I 'm afraid to try to fix it.I 'm sorry I got back in bed with Symantec .
 As an IT professional I would strongly recommend against installing Norton 360 on your computer . I have been a big fan of Norton Security for years and I have it installed on all my home computers for years . After installing Norton 360 , it erased most of my security settings and my computer continiusly crashed . It messed up on of my home computers to the point that not only it would crash several times a day , but I could n't even use System Restore to recover my computer and I was forced to rebuild the system from scratch.Don ' t believe the promise to install it easily on 3 computers either . Symantec makes as difficult as possible for you to download the software and isntall it.I am ready to switch to McAfee .
 My subscription for 2006 was up and I needed to renew - since I just reinstalled Windows XP Professional -LRB- SP2 -RRB- on my laptop -LRB- a Dell Inspiron 9300 , Intel Pentium M 2GHz , 512MB RAM , 60GB Hard Disk -RRB- , I decided to simply purchase the 360 . I have been having issues with the Live Update for several weeks now -LRB- Error 5 -RRB- . Instead I have to download a 15 MB file ever so often with the updated definitions.After checking the technical support website , it appears that Norton is aware of the problem and is currently working on it . That was just about two weeks ago . Customer support is non-existent it appears since I have yet to be contacted.Complete waste of time . Renew your existing subscriptions instead . I wish that I had.2007-06-22
 I have always liked Norton products , and until a few days ago , I used Norton Antivirus 2006 along with Norton Internet Security 2006 . When I ` upgraded ' to 360 , it went smoothly and quickly , requiring only 2 restarts and taking about half an hour . When I first was configuring it for my computer , I started having problems with the interface . Although it looks nice , it lacks options . Most notably , 360 does n't allow you to scan individual files . I did n't believe this at first , but after going through their website , and wasting an hour waiting for online tech support , it was confirmed
 I got a 3-user/computer copy of Norton 360 while attending the Microsoft TechEd conference this year . Having been a Norton System Works fan I sat through a 15-20 minute demo to get the software . Unfortunately , it was a complete waste of my time.I thought the off-site backup feature would be great but I could n't get it to respond during the setup . Half the features that I wanted were n't included on the disk , including anti-spyware and parental controls . I was really looking forward to the parental controls since we just got a broadband connection and the kids ' computers are already on the home network . When I went to download the additional features the download just sat there retrieving nothing , just like the backup setup did.I must admit that I did not attempt to contact support but being a software engineer I felt that the program should provide a little more information about why it is n't behaving properly . The user experience was terrible and , based on several of the reviews here , I did n't think that contacting support would be worth the effort .
 I installed this after my old Norton expired , and I made the mistake . Others are all correct . It took half a day during a busy work period to get the thing installed and since then it takes so long to load pages . I need it as a profession and I can not wait as long as I do inbetween pages to load !!! Hate it !!
 I 've been using Norton since 1989 , and have kept it up to date on every PC in my family -LRB- currently up to 5 machines -RRB- . I upgraded one machine to Norton 360 , and I 'm so unhappy with it that I 'm studying reviews for other products instead of upgrading the other machines . I ca n't figure out what Symantec was thinking when they made some of the changes in this version . All the things I used to like are gone . Even the oldest and most basic feature , the disk defragger , has lost the interface that let you see what 's going on . Diskeeper 10 looks like a far superior product in every way for defragging . The one-button checkup that did at least some basic registry checking seems to have vanished . Systweak 's Advanced System Optimizer looks like a far better answer for that and other lost or poor functionality . Norton has always been worthless for adware/malware detection and fixing . Spyware Doctor is infinitely better . That just leaves the anti-virus capability . I 'm still researching the best answer there . What I can say for certain is that to do a really good job at the things I need seems to require a suite of 4 or 5 programs . Norton used to do more within a single product , but they 've lost their way . They 're one step away from being good for absolutely nothing .
 Installed great - looked good . Day 3 it started blocking me from websites ` as their security certificate had been revoked ' - Amazon even ? After a week of back and forth ` support ' they could n't fix it and left me with a partially working PC to drown . THe PC support is partially automated as they did n't read my responses and their advice went in circles . Plus trying to fully uninstall it is a nightmare.It might work on XP but do n't get it if you have Vista .
 Avoid this software unless you enjoy wasting hours trying to get it installed . Ten minutes into the installation an error message said there had been an unidentified error and I should uninstall and then reinstall . Twenty minutes later , I got the same error message . I tried Norton 's online help which instructed me to download 2 tools to fix the problem . Same error message . So , I was finally forced to use the online live chat -LRB- because I did n't want to pay for the phone call or wait days for an e-mail response -RRB- to have a tech solve my problem . After 2 hours and 4 technicians later , I was finally able to get Norton 360 installed successfully , but it 's maddening that during that entire time my computer was completely exposed on the internet -- rather ironic considering that 's what Norton 360 was designed to prevent ! To top matters off , after installation when I clicked on the link to download the anti-spam add-on pack , nothing happened . This time the online help was helpful , but I fail to understand why I had to download this `` add-on '' to begin with . Could n't it simply be included on the disk ? To be fair , installation on my laptop went smoothly , but I never could have installed it on my desktop computer without tech support . It 's maddening that a company with such a world-class reputation would throw together such buggy software that obviously was n't ready yet for the market.Although I am pleased with how Norton 360 seems to be working now that it 's finally installed , I will probably choose another firewall when it 's time to renew my subscription . I simply do n't have the time or the patience to go through this mess again . Norton needs to work a little harder to create finished software worthy of its reputation .
 What were they thinking ? Who exactly is the target market for this POS ? I finally got this monster to work on a comp w/2G memory and quad core processors . Even then , the compatibility issues with Windows still caused problems.The work-around for an older computer -LRB- read
 I got suckered into this product because I needed something new for a new Vista laptop . The problem is that I started out trying to buy a download version of a Norton internet security product and by the time I corrected the `` errors '' in the ordering process , all I could get was a CD version ... and would have to wait a week to get it.Going on the road with an unprotected laptop is not my idea of smart , so I tried 360 . It took two tries to install . And then , when it came time to authenticate , it told me I had no broadband connection -- even though I was hardwired directly to my router . -LRB- And the desktop upstairs was purring along nicely on the wireless side of the same router . -RRB- 360 suggested a `` fix '' and now I have no connectivity at all with the laptop . What happened?So I 'm uninstalling it and have spent $ 150 on Norton products in the past 24 hours with nothing to show for it . `` 360 '' sounded just too cute when I first heard about it ... Maybe this is Symantec 's stab at something as dopey as Windows ME.Beware ! Beware !! UPDATE : After installing this product my hardwired access to the internet remains crippled . The WiFi connection will not work at all . I 've experienced enough problems with some applications -LRB- like Firefox -RRB- even AFTER uninstalling 360 some days ago , I will be forced to spend the weekend completely rebuilding my laptop 's installation and file structures from scratch . That means pulling the hard drive and doing a complete wipe and format , then the hours-long process of reinstalling the factory state software -LRB- thank goodness Toshiba provides the disks to do that -RRB- , then performing another upgrade to Vista Ultimate -LRB- and the long call to Microsoft to explain that this is another upgrade to the same computer -RRB- , and then going through the hassle of reinstalling all the applications -- which means a reboot on Vista for each and every one.So 360 is not only worthless -- It is actually very costly . Even at the current federal minimum wage , it is costing me more to fix the damage from 360 that the full retail cost of the product . Can you imagine if I had actually installed it on three computers?If I was Symantec , I 'd get a bunch of my employees online here with some positive reviews to pump up the ratings -- PRONTO !
 I purchased and installed this on my new Vista Pc on July 21 -LRB- with some trepadation -RRB- . To my surprise it worked really well . You can imagine my surprise when my activated version of Norton 360 suddenly was not activated -LRB- my `` trial '' version had expired -RRB- . I tried activating it , carefully following the instructions that any dummy can follow ... clicking the little activate button on the screen that pops up to tell you that your copy is not activated . I clicked the button and oops , an error occured . I tried this over and over with no success . Somewhere on their support site , it is suggested that I try a program called SymKbFix . I run it , reboot , and still ca n't activate . Another suggestion is to turn off the firewall . Oops , you ca n't turn off the Norton firewall when your `` trial '' version expires because your settings menu is completely disabled.I write support and tell them about my error and get a message back telling me how to press the `` activate button '' and how to enter my serial number . Support these days sucks!I solved the problem by doing a complete clean uninstall of NAV 360 which , if you have n't done one before , involves going into the registry , deleting folders and so on . I had to do this with Roxio also because many software applications apparantly are no longer capable of fully uninstalling themselves . I reinstall and everything works fine ... for today .
 There is obviously something wrong with this product . My internet connection been very slow since I installed this product , and closing programs take an unusually long time as well too . I thought it was because I had 3 other Symantec products that were previously installed that had to be uninstalled , but I installed the 360 on my wife 's computer - which used McAfee - and now she has the same problems as well . Symantec quality control really messed up here . I 've been a big fan of Symantec for many years , so I hope a patch is released soon . In the meantime , I suggest waiting for another version of this program before buying .
 I would have rated this product lower if possible . I installed the product and it was working fine for about 2 weeks . Suddenly it stopped allowing me to browse to any site that is security protected . I followed the help on the Symantec website which told me to run Live Update . No change . So I used their Live Chat feature . The advice given to me made the problem worse . I was told to uninstall the product . I did , only to discover that now my computer was no longer recognizing my disk drive so I could n't reinstall easily even if I wanted to . Now I can browse but ca n't do anything else on my computer . I will be asking for my money back and switching over to Kaspersky or Trend Micro 's products .
 I 'm running Win XP Pro SP2 , on a Dell Inspiron , Pentium 1.50 GHz with 512 MB of RAM . I bought Norton 360 via download from Symantec , when my Norton Internet Security Suite 's subscription was about to expire . I 've had it about a week and a half now , and have had nothing but trouble.Day 1 , I was a very happy camper - followed all the instructions for installing , set up my secure online storage -LRB- the main reason I chose this product over the Internet Security Suite again -RRB- , and did my first backup . I liked the simple , clean interface , no annoying popup messages as it learned its way around my PC.On day 3 , I got an error saying Symantec Service Framework has encountered a problem and needs to close . IE would n't load . Norton 360 itself would n't open , and though I was able to open its little help file , it did n't give me a phone # for tech support , just gave me a URL - not helpful when IE wo n't work ! It freaked out my Control Panel so that the Add/Remove Programs window locked up and could n't even be seen by Task Manager . System Restore would n't work . At one point , Windows freaked out and would n't shut down so I had to turn it off instead . I was finally able to get their support phone # , and when I called they told me to run their Removal Tool , so I did , followed all their instructions to reinstall , etc. . The reinstall did n't complete successfully . They told me to remove my Spybot and AdAware programs -LRB- even though they were n't set up to run in the background , evidently their mere presence on my PC can cause problems for 360 -RRB- , run the Norton Removal Tool again , then reinstall 360 again . I wound up reinstalling 3 times that day.But now I could n't sync back up to my online backup . I got conflicting statuses on my backup depending on what page I looked at , and it appears to be trying to do full backups over and over , instead of incremental . Now it 's telling me that a backup has NEVER been done - even though it 's already eaten almost my entire 2 GB of free storage - obviously it 's backed up twice . And you ca n't print or save your customized backup settings -LRB- nor can you archive a config file to restore , because it 's done in the registry -RRB- , so every time I had to remove & reinstall , I had to customize them again -LRB- well over an hour 's work -RRB- . I spent 8 hours on day 3 with tech support.Have had several minor glitches since then -LRB- it does n't like Outlook plus Musicmatch Jukebox , or Outlook plus Solitaire Antics Ultimate -RRB- , and earlier today 360 hijacked my system resources while doing an email scan at an arbitrary time of its own choosing - I could n't even open my Palm Desktop , and Task Manager could n't `` initiate '' . Update a month or so later
 Quirky & always demanding of intervention . I can not recommend it , and I am glad I experimented on myself before recommending it to others .
 This program is an unbelievable resource hog . The first time I un-installed it was because it brought my computer to its knees with its scans , even though I told it to perform a full scan only at 2:00 AM . I , like many other computer users , use my computer for work . Not making a deadline because I ca n't get my computer back is completely unacceptable.I contacted tech support only to get suggestions about performance-tuning my brand new laptop . I know companies do n't like to think their software could be the source of the problem , but I described the entire situation , including details about how everything was fine once Norton informed me that the scans had finished , and I was told to perform tasks such as check my disk for errors.Finally , I 've just attempted to install it again , at which point Norton said there was a more recent installation -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , which I elected to download . Per its support program , I uploaded the log because the installation crashed , and it gave me a laundry list of ineffectual solutions.I read many professional reviews , and it is clear that such reviewers really need to keep a product on their machine for several weeks , not just a couple of hours , and then write a review . At first , everything seems fine . Then the horror begins . I have 303 days left on my subscription and am simply out that money plus the $ 80 I paid for the program . Do not waste your money the way I did .
 This software makes Internet browsing slow down to a crawl because it 's so bloated and resource intensive . Stay away and use anything else but this horrible product .
 Huge resource hog . Unable to make Norton 360 understand how to operate in a Multi User Environment . On Windows XP or Windows 2000 Professional . And the off-shore help professionals are useless . Avoid this software !!!!
 I have had Norton products for some time , and bought this for my 80yr old step-father 's PC . He got a virus right past Norton 360 . I chatted with Norton about the issue and for $ 99.00 they would help . Was the product installed Yes -LRB- I do this for a living -RRB- , was it configured yes , was liveupdate lic current yes . In todays world I understand if an Security problem / issue happens , but Norton has no Free tools to help with -LRB- Like all the other vendors TrendMicro -LRB- HijackThis , House Call , Trend protect -RRB- , McAfee , Microsoft Free Windows Defender , Free Protection Scan Web page , etc -RRB- . -RRB- Norton seems to be in the business to sell you a Pricy Security solution , then if there is an issue / problem you must pay them to solve the problem their product let happen . Unless you 're a large Company that has paid ahead for their help forget help . It is time to expect accountability for what we paid for . Guess which Premier products at 89.00 per year on my 3 PCs I will no longer renew . Other products give help with tools and you can use their products on 3 to 5 PCs . Yes you can use their Knowledge base , but unless you are a PC Pro , I found the other products mentioned above better for most folks . If you must buy Norton get their Internet security prod , but also check out CR reports ratings on such Security products . A older name may mean little if they offer no help when you really need help -LRB- keeping you free of such issues , finding and fixing on your PC , and tools when you do find you are in trouble . -RRB- . Happy Computing ! JR
 I was a satisfied Norton/Symantec customer for years , and considered their software as the `` gold standard . '' My first round of frustration was last year 's purchase of Norton Internet Security , but I eventually worked out the various problems with the installation when it turned out I had a bad CD -LRB- I eventually figured it out ; their tech support was useless -RRB- . I bought Norton 360 for my 3 computers this year , and it was the worst mistake I have ever made with software . Installation problems , multiple errors , and poor/incorrect technical support via chat . Symantec has lost me as a return customer . I wish I had read more of the user reviews first .
 HA ! This is a terrible program . Do n't buy it . This program doesent work half as good as Norton Internet Security 2005 . For now , testing this program is like taking a grenade and throwing it in the living room and wondering if the TV still works afterwords . It is a waste of money .
 Just like one of the reviewers here , I too was suckered into buying Norton after purchasing a brand new PC . I had been using Zonealarm on one of my other computers which I highly recommend . I am not even sure if Norton 360 helps with viruses . I had a lot of trouble with it once I installed it . I wanted to use Zonealarm again on my new PC ; however , the sale person swore to me that Norton was the best . I guess he was trying to make his commission .
 I downloaded this product and immediately my computer slowed down . Then I noticed my `` system restore '' and `` defragment '' programs had completely disappeared . Also , I got an extra toolbar that would n't go away . This software is extremely intrusive and overreaching . Once I uninstalled it , all my problems immediately went away . Save yourself the trouble and purchase another product . I am currently trying to get my money back and hopefully do n't have to go into the legal system .
 I `` upgraded '' to Norton 360 about two months ago on two computers with both afterwards performing extremely slow and CPU usage -LRB- from Norton modules -RRB- often running in excess of 80 % . But , worst of all , just today when it was doing a `` routine '' scan and cleaning , it crashed my computer bringing the `` blue screen of death '' . I have been unable to restart my computer even in safe mode . -LRB- I have found online that this is a problem that has affected around 1000 computers in China due to a Norton mistake that deletes a Windows system file . -RRB- Norton 's online chat-help was not helpful . They only thing they could tell me was to restart in safe mode and then UNINSTALL Norton and reinstall ... their classic response to every problem . I immediately uninstalled 360 from my working computer and installed NOD32.DO NOT BUY NORTON 360 . I sure hope I can get a refund ...
 I received an email from Amazon touting this `` wonderful '' product . With reviews like these I would n't touch 360 with a ten foot pole ! C'mon , Amazon , you 've been known for quality products for all these years . Your integrity is worth more than recommendations for people to buy junk . Please withdraw your support for 360 .
 I am a programmer as well as a user of Norton products for many years . While I started to see a slip in quality with Internet Security 2006 , nothing prepared me for this poorly done program.I installed this program right after I installed Windows Vista Ultimate . Installation was quite smooth and , for the first couple of months everything worked out well . I then started to notice my computer slowing down . Finally , the slowness got out of control.I decided to uninstall Norton 360 to see if that was the cause . The uninstall was anything but smooth and Norton left a large number of files still installed and an even larger number of keys in the registry
 I have been a Norton 's user for the past 10 years . I recently purchased Norton 360 assuming it would replace my Norton Internet Security and SystemWorks . I was wrong . The back of 360 's box says it `` Tuneup your PC and optimize its performance '' . I assumed this meant Systemworks ' Windows Dr and Disk Dr. I was again wrong . All 360 has is a file clean up and a defrager . I decided buy Norton 's SystemWorks for these two apps only to find out that SystemWorks is not compatible with 360 , which I did n't find out until I tried to install SystemWorks . I guess I am out $ 100 and looking for a new utility suite .
 Unfortunately this is one of the worst pieces of software I installed on my PC . I regret it . From multiple unnecessary windows that the program opens , through complete lack of automatic communication with its own server to permanent email scanning errors and crashes this program is waste of money and time .
 I bought this after seeing pretty good reviews in general for Norton Antivirus . But the product has been plagued with bugs on both Windows XP and Vista . From unexplained software crashes -LRB- the service constantly has unexpected errors on shutdown -RRB- to a buggy front end that constantly freezes , I find it hard to believe this product is doing a good job protecting my computer when it can barely stay up without crashing itself.Very disappointing .
 Do not buy this junkware Amazon erased all reviews.People may be fooled into buying this junkware.It will kill your programs and erase your critical data.I will add more info on the review if it goes past the amazon censors . . Update 7/19/07 . The reviews were restored . . I just want to add that my computer was essentially destroyed by this wonderful program , costing me over 200 dollars to be repaired.Never Again Goodbye Norton !!!
 Do yourself a big favour , believe me , and DO NOT BUY Norton 360 . Here 's why : * The programme -LRB- as downloaded or on the CD -RRB- includes a major bug that , unbelievable as it sounds , makes it incompatible with Internet Explorer 7 for secure webpages -LRB- like for example Amazon ! -RRB- . There is now a patch for this , pumped out via LiveUpdate . However , this failed to register with my installation . After several inconclusive support chats , I was eventually told to uninstall and reinstall the entire program , and only then did the update succeed . * The online update function that should allow you to backup your files to an online account -LRB- 2 GB are included for free with Norton 360 -RRB- is fundamentally broken -LRB- and a Norton technical analyst eventually acknowledged as much in a support chat -RRB- . * The backup server seems to be frequently down . * I tried to buy additional online backup storage space , paid Symantec my money , but never received my storage space . Technical support told me to wait . Nothing happened . Technical support cancelled the order and told me to re-order the additional online storage space , which I did . I again did not receive the space I had paid for . Technical support told me to wait for a server upgrade . Nothing happened . Norton support then told me to reactivate the product -LRB- no success -RRB- , reinstall the product -LRB- no success -RRB- , and reinstall the product again , this time with a file cleaning routine -LRB- no success either -RRB- . At that point they stopped responding to my e-mails while still having the money I paid them for something I did n't get . I eventually had to call customer care for a second refund . You can not actually buy more storage space . * While Norton technical support is happy to instruct you to reinstall , they do n't tell you that this breaks the link to whatever files you 've already backed up in your 2 GB online account - you ca n't get to them anymore and you ca n't delete them , which means you also ca n't free up space anymore , so you ca n't work within the 2 GB . Technical support was unable to address the issue and told me instead that trying to back up large chunks of data crashes the system . It is unclear to me how this relates to the reinstallation problem , but since with Norton 360 default settings its Norton 360 and not the user that decides when and how much to back up , that simply means their software is broken.Ironically for a program that is supposed to run quietly in the background , I 've never ever spent that much time and effort on the malfunctions of any piece of software . Conceptually , Norton 360 may be an alluring proposition , but in its current state the software belongs deep into beta testing and nowhere near a consumer . You can save many valuable hours of your life by staying clear of this product .
 After installing Norton 360 my computer 's performance went downhill . Boot time took about 5-9 mins , programs were slow to load and often stalled . Once I uninstalled the product , performance was back to normal . Basically this is junk .
 Looks nice ... but beware!Installed Norton 360 on the 6 workstations in our small office . As soon as I did that our accounting system -LRB- Peachtree -RRB- started to lock up a few times a day . Even after turing off the firewall on all workstations the accounting system still locked up.I 've now uninstalled Norton 360 on the server PC and that seems to have solved the problem.I wish now that I had just upgraded from Norton Internet Security 2005 to 2007 ... Never again .
 I bought the 3pc license to replace my existing Norton Security Suite 2006 . After putting up with 45 days of slow response via Internet Explorer -LRB- IE 7 -RRB- Tabs not working , Security Cert issues , Backup running outside the scheduled times , and just general system slowness ... My wife finally implored me to get rid of it!I tried to make this work , going to the support sites and I email and called Norton support -LRB- Outsourcing is sooooo wonderful ! It 's a pass the buck mentality . . -RRB- which was fruitless ... it seems they know less about their product than I do . Anyway , this product goes into the released before Tested pile ... It is horrible.I called Symantec and luckly they could not answer any of my Technical questions ... after making them feel like idiots , they finally agreed to switch my subscription to Norton Security Suite 2007 . I 'll try that product . . and see if it is at least as stable as 2006 was ... I hope ... or my wife will kill me !
 I have had many many versions of Symantec . the latest is Norton 360 . I bought it because it was a 3 computer license , and I have 3 computers . But , true to form , it is STILL one of the most annoying softwares on the market . thanks largely to one piece - ccapp.exe . if I put a CD in my laptop , Norton 360 hangs . No matter how many times I click on it , nothing , and ccapp.exe is running at 50 % of my cpu.Try ANYTHING else .
 I downloaded the trial version of this software to test it . Supposedly you get all the bells and whistles other than the online storage space.I carried on my normal activitie for 5 days , runninglive update daily . My adaware shareware continually found tracking cookies and other spyware , despite Norton 360 's 24/7 vigilance.When i contacted Symantec about the issue they advised e to run the `` disk optimization '' tool . Supposedly there mighthave been some older files on my machine - NOT 360 - causing this weakness . I had resisted using this function as i usually do not trust my disk contents to any vendor software , but did so as a test.My machine froze , screen went to black and I could not reboot it - even in safe mode . I aam not overly technical so I had to bring the machine in for service ... 3 days and $ 200 later I am going to pick up my machine . Aftr running several diagnostics , te tech uninstalled Norton 360 and the machine is ow working fine.So much for a free test ... . At least I know that Norton is no longer welcomed in my machines ... EVER ! You may want to consider similar actions , at least as far as this product is concerned !!!
 I had Norton 2004 running on XP , never experienced a problem , so when it was time to renew my subscription I opted for this upgrade . Big mistake
 Highly recommend not installing this on your system . It completely took over my office computers and eliminated internet access , disabled all our printers and cost us almost two weeks of manpower to somewhat restore things to normal.Uninstalling Norton 360 caused extensive damage , we had to reinstall multiple programs.I would like to see a class action lawsuit against them to recover time and wages lost trying to fix the problems they caused .
 Like many others , I purchased Norton 360 when my old 2003 Anti-virus stopped being supported . It does drastically slow down the PC 's performance and web surfing . -LRB- FYI , my PC is a P4-3 .0 ghz , 1meg Ram , Win XP . -RRB- While I 've not noticed any problems running the software -LRB- crashes , etc. -RRB- the dramatic change in performance makes me wish I had n't purchased it.Also , it is very cumbersome to try and modify the advanced settings . If you change anything , your task bar icon stays in the `` troubled '' mode making it seem like your computer is always messed up.Don ' t buy it , looks else where ... I 'm uninstalling it and going with McAfee ...
 I tolerated Norton last year for a whole year , it slowed down my computer , blocked access to common websites , and generally took allot of work . Besides the anti virus software the extra componants are mostly built into Windows already . When I upgraded to 360 a few weeks ago I lost access to my bank 's secure website . It took me two hours to get a chat tech support , days after my email request went unanswered . They finally sent me a special program just for removing the program . After running the uninstall I was instructed to reboot . That was the last time I used my computer . Now when I try to reboot I get an error `` autochk program can not be found skiptted autocheck '' immediately followed by a BLUE SCREEN error . Windows XP wo n't even boot up in safe mode now . I talked to Dell tech support , spent 10 hours of work time trying to fix it , and now am on hold waiting for Norton - Symmantec expensive tech support . I have called twice now , the first time the line was disconected after holding for 1 hour , now I 've been on hold for 1:35 and still no person . Why pay to get a blue screen error . I thought I was paying for security .
 Norton 360 is my second Norton purchase . I was reasonably pleased with my previous Norton Internet Security software so thought I would upgrade to Norton 360 when the license needed renewing.After about 3 months use the best thing I can say about Norton 360 is that it is a pain in the rear . Almost every day I get a red flag on the Norton icon -LRB- in the system tray -RRB- indicating that something is wrong with Norton 360 . It takes multiple clicks and researching to determine what is wrong . Usually it 's nothing big but it 's the aggrevation factor that makes me irritated and ready to de-install and try McAfee.I am using XP Home edition w / SP2 so this product should be seamless . XP has been out for years and years so the kind of babying I am having to do with Norton 360 should NOT be required.I am not associated with Norton or McAfee , I am a normal computer user who just wants an internet protection product that takes care of my connection risks and does not require an inordinate amount of attention.I can not recommend Norton 360 . I am unhappy with it and will not renew the license .
 I purchased the product this morning , returning it tonight.It does n't support Firefox.Customer service - HORRIBLE . I used the online chat . It started me out at 18 in the queue . I went to get a drink of water , I was 23 in the queue . No problems until I was next in the queue , it bounced me to 4 . When I got to the `` help desk , '' no help at all.The `` help desk '' referred me to call customer service . So I did . 30 minute wait time.Technical issue : Big one . I have a very good understanding and knowledge of computers . No expert , but I can fix a majority of problems.Live Update , the way to keep the virus , spyware , etc. , updated , is inconsistent . Huge problem . The software would n't be able to connect half the time.It defrags your hard drive in the background by default . Not needed.There is a `` add-on pack '' that updates the anti-spam . Ridiculous , should be part of the 360 software , not an add-on . If you do n't heed my advice and stay away from this , make sure you download this add-on . I could go on but I am about to uninstall it and then run a registry cleaner to ensure it is gone for good.Simply , do n't buy this .
 I have used Norton products with great sucess for many years , but I must say the Norton 360 is a piece of garbage . It is a resource hog that bogs down your machine during start up , and I am running a brand new top of the line Sony Vaio . An incessant problem that the `` customer service '' gurus at Norton seem to be clueless about is the `` already running in a different process '' notification -LRB- Google it , you 'll see what I mean -RRB- . Although mine is set up to automatically update , it does n't , then when you tell it to update , it replies back with the `` already running in a different process '' notification . You have to reboot to get it to reset . I am removing it and going back to SystemWorks . DO NOT BUY IT ... YOU 'LL BE SORRY !
 If Symantic had any ethics as a company , they would issue full refunds to all of us foolish enough into thinking that we could trust their products . Norton 360 has been on my computer for one day -LRB- Toshiba laptop , 2.8 GHz , 60 GB , 256 MB -RRB- , and already has caused so many problems I can not even count them . Some of them include : - It got rid of one virus -LRB- wgareg.exe -RRB- and quit working . I can not get the program to execute at all now.-It is preventing me from seeing ANY web page , even my homepage , probably because of its firewall , but since it wo n't allow me access to the main menu , I can not solve this problem.-I keep getting a message now that Windows is encountering a problem and must shut down , having to do with wumss.exe.I could go on and on , but after working on it for most of night and again early this morning , I just want to write this off and past this most frustrating task.I do n't make much money , so buying this $ 80 program was a big investment for me . Never again will I trust this company .
 I have a Vista 64 Ultimate with Intel Dual Core.Literally for the first 3 months of trying , Norton 360 would failduring install . EMails were ignored , but I figured eventually itwould get fixed . After one Live Update , it did install.Now today , 6 months into my contract , Norton 360 decided my trial had run out . There was no way to convince it to go to Symantec to check , so I was forced to uninstall and reinstall . Now it is back to saying 6 months left.Because I reinstalled , the link to my backups is broken , my 2GB of free space is full , and Norton gives no tools to delete those files and free up space.I would pretty much recommend any other product over Norton 360 . Robert
 Norton 360 made me uninstall Norton System Works and does n't have the full set of System Works functionality . I 'd go with Norton Internet Security instead .
 The Norton 360 install kit managed to corrupt just about everything on my new Lenovo laptop which runs -LRB- or used to run , to be exact -RRB- on Windows Vista.It all started when I was trying to upgrade from Norton 2007 using the 360 CD install kit . It seemed to install normally , after which it prompted me to reboot . Hardly anything was still working after the reboot . The DVD CD/ROM driver became corrupted , and all my attempts to restore the driver failed . Various system utilities stopped working , I was getting obscure error messages when I was trying to synchronize Office Outlook with my Blackberry , iTunes requested to be reinstalled , and so on.I 've wasted hours on line with Symantec product support trying to fix the problem , but to no avail . Symantec 's final recommendation was to do a complete system restore . Which means the Norton 360 kit managed to do more damage on my computer than most viruses it was supposed to prevent . At least the viruses I could get for free.My advice , if you have Windows Vista , you are playing Russian roulette with your computer if you switch to Norton 360 .
 Norton has always been well-reputed for touting a powerful scan engine that can catch and remove pretty much anything you throw at it . This remains true . Unfortunately , every member of the Norton line since 2006 has bogged down the system so badly you might as well have a virus.I got Norton 360 for free from Symantec because I 'm a computer tech working for a company that 's partnered with them . In my hand I hold a letter from the Symantec president acknowledging Norton 's bad history as a resource hog and the vast improvements made to Norton 360 to improve it.After installing it on my higher-end gaming machine , all I have to say is this
 I just installed Norton 360 last week . It has been nothing but trouble since then . It disconnects your email , causes system crashes , gives you error messages about how your pc is not protected , then does n't let you fix the errors ! This is the WORST program I have ever installed on any system ! Honestly , the viruses are better . I have spent a total of 6 hours on line with tech support ; they ca n't make it run either . I am currently on line with them , trying to get a refund . Estimated wait time is two hours !
 This is a reasonable product let down by moronic failings . it is so frustrating , it 's fit to be ripped off my PC . Here are a few of the crazy stupid things :1 . you can schedule the backup tool , but IT WO N'T RUN at the schedule time . Instead it waits for you to acknowledge the previous AV scan first . This means -LRB- duh ! -RRB- that that backup runs during the working day , ie when you get a chance to acknowledge the scan . Moronic ! 2 . the scan picks up tracking cookies every time and states these need to be dealt with BUT OFFERS NO WAY OF DEALING WITH THEM . Moronic ! 3 . there is no way to schedule the temporary files cleanup - so your PC is stated as `` being at risk '' until you manually do this . It this total rubbish ! Of course my PC is NOT at risk just because I have a few days of temp files hanging around ... and how about some way to schedule the cleanup ? Moronic ! 4 . the backup function can be cancelled in the first 30 seconds , but as long as it STARTS this moronic product thinks you are protected . Of course , it should wait until the backup is FINISHED SUCCESSFULLY before flagging you as green . Moronic ! 5 . It fails to integrate with the Windows Security Console correctly - my machine first states I am green -LRB- ie OK -RRB- because I have a firewall running ... then I drill in and it complains that I have TWO firewalls running ... then I drill in further and it complains that the Windows firewall is NOT running . Now part of this problem may be down to the moronic MSFT Security Console ... but some of the blame sits with SYMC . Moronic ! 6 . The IP scan knocks other PCs off the network . Moronic!Plus , it slows your PC to a crawl during any activity . So , avoid / avoid / avoid .
 Norton 360s auto protect keeps turning itself off , despite the fix offered on Symantec 's website . As a result a virus recently deleted all my files as the auto protect was off . Would not recommend any of Norton 's products , the previous version of Norton 2007 was immensely slow . If you have Norton 2005 or previous versions , then these are quite good , the recent cohort of Norton products is poorly developed .
 I just purchased this a few weeks ago for a brand new machine . The first time I tried to run a virus scan it froze the machine , promting a message from Vista of an `` Application crash '' . Like other reviewer 's , I wasted day 's of time with Symantec with no resolution to the problem and a refusal of a refund . You might as well flush your money down the toilet and save the time and greif .
 This thing is crap . Norton stole money from me . I 've had nothing but freezes and all manner of problems since installing this worthless dog . DO NOT spend your hard earned bucks on this piece of crap . It does n't function and WILL slow down your machine . Junk , garbage and a rip off .
 Norton 360 does not perform as well as System Works . After running Norton 360 , I bought the latest Norton System Works and it found 168 problems in 9 areas . The really sad thing is that Norton 360 ` looks ' like it is working correctly . If you think 360 is working well , borrow a System Works disk from someone , run it , and you 'll see the difference.A second , related problem with Norton 360 is that it does n't provide you with any feedback , after it is done , you have no idea what happened . Given the hickups with Vista , I prefer to know when files have been successfully downloaded .
 Slowed down my computer to a point where it was unusable . Ran a background process that significantly sucked up CPU resources . Launching an application while it was running was an ordeal . I had to uninstall it . It might work well on a new , powerful machine , but my experience was awful .
 I have used Norton products for years . The last couple of anti virus products have been trouble for my computers . Norton 360 stopped some of my software from communicating between computers and a took a technician 4 hours to get windows settings to a point where everything worked like it should . 360 slowed all my computers down tremendously . After a week suffering with it , I replaced it with something entirely different . I will not buy Symantec products again .
 This is the worst software I ever spent money on . My brand new , working fine before 360 computer along with my laptop which is 2 years old was so bogged down with this software . It took simple task like opening filesestimate of 15-20 min . just to open . I also called for help '' I was on hold long enough to cook dinner for a family of six . When they finallyanswered I could barely understand what they were telling me to do at whichtime that did n't work . I uninstalled `` ALL ' Norton 's software went with another form of protecting . Norton 360 trashed it . `` BUYER BEWARE ''
 I installed 360 on a freshly rebuilt XP system . The firewall prevents access to my LAN -LRB- yes everything is configured the way it 's supposed to be according to Symantec -RRB- . 360 itself locks up frequently preventing my e-mail from downloading . I have to reboot to fix this issue , which happens several times a day . The support is a joke . No detailed documentation at all . Just do n't buy this garbage .
 Not much that I can say that has not already been said in other reviews . I originally purchased Norton Internet Security principally for the anti-virus and internet filtering for the kids and was reasonably pleased with it . My subscription ended and rather than just renew it , I opted for the `` upgrade '' to Norton 360 when I clicked on Renew Your Subscription - BIG MISTAKE !!! Basically this product loads so many background processes on your PC it brings performance to its knees . You can see all of the stuff it loads in memory if you download a free-ware process monitor . I counted at least 8 background processes . For you non-techies out there , imagine if you will having Word , Excel , PowerPoint , Outlook , and four other applications all running at the same time and banging away on your hard drive - get the picture?I was able to adjust some of the settings to disable the REALLY annoying ones -LRB- like the one that checks your hard drive to see if it needs to be defragmented - net result is the hard drive spins and spins and spins -RRB- - but it is still a PIG.Oh , I almost forgot , my boot time is now 6 minutes before all of the start-up scans are finished . Granted , the PC it is installed on is a little dated -LRB- 4 year old HP , Pentium 4 with single core 2.6 GHz processor and 512 MB RAM running XP Service Pack 2 -RRB- - but it worked just fine for us before I installed this junk.Wow , that feels better !!! See ya Norton . I 'm done .
 Try different security software since all manufacturers offer free trials -LRB- most 30 days , though Norton 's is 15 -RRB- , and no security software works great on all computers . You can then purchase the software you like elsewhere at a lower cost compared to the manufacturer and type in the security key.I am giving stars to the security software I tried based on how well it protects and what are the odds of the product working well . On the plus side Norton is bullet proof , and I can attest to that since we use it at work -LRB- it also has advantages in a network environment -RRB- . Five star protection.On the down side , from my perspective that while this is the first year since 1993 performance is not bad but still not good . But my biggest problem is that I think it is locked down so tight that it too easily causes side affects.I tried 360 at home and I could not get it to work at all , and I have a high level of expertise with computers . But that is OK since like I said , no security software works perfectly on all computers . However I could not remove it . I tried standard uninstall , a utility program on the Norton site , and standard windows methods including registry deletions . I finally booted up in command mode and deleted the program that way . However I then lost network connections and tried for three hours before I gave up and did a total new install of Windows . It must have thought I was a virus . We have problems at work which we solve with new installs also . Based on all that I hear at work , and my experience with the trials , I feel odds are good it will not work for you hence two stars.I also evaluated Trend Micro and BitDefender on two of my home computers , a super fast computer and my kids old 1.4 ghz clunker , both XP computers built by me . BitDefender was outstanding on my kids virus/malware magnet , but somehow either it or I turned off protection on my computer -LRB- granted it warned me with two big red X 's and I was too dense to look that up -RRB- . The 2007 version of Trend Micro does not work on my kid 's computer . I hated the McAfee 2007 interface so I never tried the 2008 version.Bottom line - TrendMicro , BitDefender , Norton , Panda , and others offer great protection . Pick one and see if it works great . If you do not have Norton , I would try one of the others first since I think others have a better chance of working . I decided on TrendMicro , bought the software from Amazon much cheaper then straight from TrendMicro , and inserted the security key into the evaluation copy .
 This is a bad , bad piece of software . After installing it and running it with default settings , it ate ALL of my memory . I finally figured out that I needed to adjust the settings to run tasks manually . Apparently Norton is so busy working in the background that it forgets to leave room for anything else to run . Then I tried to run Live Update . Wo n't work . Downloaded and ran the `` fix-it '' tool , which said it was fixed . Reran live update . Still wo n't work . Told me to run the fix-it tool again . Still did n't work . I 'm supposed to call customer support , but software is supposed to WORK . I 've already spent at least 10 hours trying to fix this mess . I 'll never buy another Norton product again .
 The only thing I 've seen norton protect me from was getting work done . When things go wrong with norton product you have two choices
 Under the heading `` Resource hog that causes applications to lock '' , S.Page posted this comment : `` I also frequently have the CPU at 100 % problem . It 's the process ccSvcHst.exe . You ca n't kill this from the task manager , but you can stop and start from Services . But that stops Norton 360 and after restarting it ca n't fix itself , so I have yet to find an alternative to restarting my PC . `` I have had 360 installed since April of this year . From time to time it would hog cpu , but it would clear soon enough . But today I had the ccSvcHst.exe problem S.Page describes . Most of the time ccSvcHst cpu usage would be in the 90 's ; everything froze . Rebooting did n't help . Could n't stop it in Task Manager , or assign lower priority . This went on for a couple of hours . Now and again cpu usage would drop to ~ 60 % , at which time the PC freed up somewhat and I could do some digging into the problem on the net . I found this explanation - that it is not just ccSvcHst.exe , but a deadlock between ccSvcHst and Windows XP update download . Here is what the guy wrote : QUOTEI have XP Pro ... when I installed Norton 360 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- I experienced the same problem experienced by others . I agree that it seemed to be Windows Update and Norton Updates and Scans running simultaneously , either conflicting or vying for resources . Inevitably ccSvcHst.exe would use up all memory and virtual memory making the machine unusable . Re-boots would continue the wrestling as each program tried to complete its appointed update task.Solution for me . Switch off Norton 360 's automatic updates and scans and let XP evaluate and seek updates at startup . Discipline myself to manually direct Norton 360 to do its thing when I leave my desk for meetings or over night . I do this almost daily . No problems for over two weeks since I took this approach.The frustrating thing is that the Symantec chat techs do n't let on that Symantec has any inkling of this problem . If they would just acknowledge the problem and fix it , they would not lose customers like they are now . They do not have the same almost monopolistic status held by MS.END QUOTEI switched off 360 altogether and rebooted . Lo and behold - closing down took about an hour while XP processed a couple of big updates . I am now running without 360 . ccSvcHst.exe is still in the task list , and occasionally gets some cycles , but is mostly at 0 % . I will add a comment to this review when I hear back from Symantec tech support . I am interested to see whether they are in denial about the problem , as this guy asserts . Maybe there is an analogous political deadlock between MS and Symantec , each blaming the other for the problem .
 I purchased a new laptop and it came with Vista and 60 day trial of Norton Internet Security 2007 . Because I am a registered user of a previous version of Norton products I received an offer directly from Symantec to buy Norton 360 , 3 PC version for less than the Amazon price even with purchase of the download-for-a-year capability.The good : - The download and install of the product went smoothly in about 20 minutes . - The protection is very broad and covers all the typical types of assaults . - The controls are easy to manage and tweak.The bad : - After the download , whenever I go to PayPal the logon is prevented because the browser think 's PayPal 's security certificate has been revoked . Both PayPal and Symantec blame Microsoft , but it worked okay before 360 and it works fine on the Vista desktop I have protected by Live OneCare . The workaround is temporarily suspend anti-phishing protection , which 360 makes easy . - 2 days after purchasing the software I went online to load Norton 360 on my second desktop . The site rejected my order number as invalid . When I logged in to the Symantec site , it shows I have an active license but does n't show I have any orders . After 4 attempts I finally got a response from the Symantec email support team . It was obvious they had n't read the details of my problem , only the header . They gave me the link to put in my order number to download , but of course that is the problem . The note also warns I should n't contact them about the same problem again for 7 days . I guess I could use my dime and queue up for who knows how long on their phone response support , but that does n't seem cost effective for less than $ 50 , especially when the result may be the same . I have contacted the email support team again , no response at this point . So I am less than a week into a 3 computer license with a year of download protection with only one copy working and no way to get the other copies . If they do not respond by the time my credit card statement comes I am cancelling the software payment and will unload the software.I have happily used Symantec products in the past but was never reduced to using their download service or online support . It appears ignorance is bliss as my experience with the service and support is that they are extremely poor . So if you do want to try this product I strongly suggest staying away from Symantec 's online store and get the CD . This should reduce the probability of problems and needing to interact with Symantec itself .
 Having serious systems issues with Windows Live OneCare at the end of my annual subscription I decided to go back to my old Norton standby in its latest format which had everything I wanted in an antivirus , firewall and backup suite . The PC mags gave it glowing reviews so I took the plunge . As others here mentioned , the install and registration took about 20 minutes and was painless . The initial scans went well and no malware was uncovered . When I booted up Outlook it sent my outgoing messages OK but kept bombing out on the receiving . Then the 360 software indicated a fault condition wherein the virus protection had been shut off . Pressing the `` fix '' button resulted in nothing . Rebooting the system solved everything until I ran Outlook which repeated the cycle all over again . I uninstalled the software , rebooted the system and did a reinstall of the 360 . Same results all over again . I think I will stick with McAffee which seems to be more robust on my system albeit the scan times are longer .
 Norton 360 comprises four integrated modules : -LRB- 1 -RRB- PC Security is excellent -LRB- 2 -RRB- Transaction Security is very good -LRB- 3 -RRB- PC Tuneup is useless -LRB- 4 -RRB- Backup and Restore is dreadfully bad . -LRB- 1 -RRB- PC Security includes antivirus , firewall , spyware scanning and email scanning . Norton is known for having the best Antivirus software on the market - if you believe the reviewers at cNet , PC Magazine and others -LRB- I do -RRB- . I had been using Norton Antivirus and Norton Utilities for almost 20 years . They did have a problem a few years back , when installing the product would often crash the computer , and uninstalls required manually editing the registry . Still , Norton ALWAYS protected against viruses . A couple years ago , Symantec fixed these install and unistall problems , but still , Antivirus hogged system resources which slowed the computer down significantly . All these problems seem to be fixed now in 360 . -LRB- I have been using 360 for two weeks . -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- The Transaction Security module is an anti-phishing filter . Over the last couple weeks , the thing popped up a few times , warning that I surfed to a site that was asking for personal information , but whose security information changed from the prior screen . Each time I was about to place an order from a small-name vendor who redirected me to a web commerce site . Who knows - I could have been sent to a site with a . ru extension ! -LRB- 3 -RRB- The PC Tuneup module consists of four components
 I have been using Norton anti-virus software with moderate satisfaction for a few years , so I thought I 'd go for this product . Sad day . The program is highly unstable . It asks you to activate it again and again . It places an intrusive and useless toolbar on your screen . It fails to detect spyware that other programs catch -LRB- after I uninstalled it , I installed McAfee and it immediately found a bunch of rascals busy sending out information on me -RRB- . It slows your system to a crawl . It constantly sends up banners crowing about itself . If you have a thing for Norton or Symantec , wait a year or so for them to get the bugs out . There 's lots of 'em . Otherwise go to the competition .
 It has been said that Norton runs on an old platform that should have been re-engineered years ago ; but Norton chooses to save its money -LRB- and increase it 's short-term profit margins -RRB- by simply piling more code on top of the old code . Norton 360 may well be the proof that this theory is correct . My entire computer system has slowed down by roughly 50 % . Webpages that I frequently check and that used to pop up immediately now need about 1 minute , or longer , to load . Some sites , like my email account , are often blocked . I have to disable Norton to check my email . And when you disable it , you lose all protection because Norton 's default setting requires disabling MS firewalls , etc. . Downloads and uploads now take longer.You may ask
 I used norton 360 . A month or so after installing it , it stopped my browsing capability . Completely.I could n't launch its configuration utilities , I could n't uninstall it . Attempting to do so would result in a process starting , but no interface ever being displayed . When I attempted to uninstall in safe-mode , it told me to reboot to normal mode and uninstall ... What an idea.This product is utter -LSB- . . -RSB- . I will never disgrace my system with a norton bloatware product again.If I could have given it fewer stars , I would .
 I do n't know what it is about me , but I keep buying Norton products . Maybe it is because of the guy with the glasses on the cover ? Or because `` Norton '' sounds nerdy?Norton Ghost rarely if ever works seamlessly . It 'll go through several hours doing a backup to my 120gb external drive , then at the last minute -LRB- usually in the wee hours of the morning -RRB- will stop and inform me there is n't enough space on the destination drive . Why something ca n't figure that out before it starts is way beyond me .360 is a whole ` nother story . It refused to back up ; does n't tell me why , just tells me it ca n't . Tech Support is out to lunch , at least when they are stateside . I 'm not sure what it is called in India . Tea?And to update my Norton Antivirus -LRB- which failed to protect me against some amazing virus last weekend -RRB- I bought it , downloaded it , and then it told me I had to uninstall - not just my old Antivirus , BUT EVERY GODDAMN SYMANTEC PRODUCT ON MY HARD DRIVE !!! Yes , I am shouting . All of them . Antivirus , Ghost , 360 , Winfax . Make sure you have your installation disks around so you can re-install them afer we delete them . The fact that I have Winfax 98 and do n't even know where the disk is I guess is my problem.Anybody out there from Norton ? I mean , are you guys for real ? What kind of products are you making , and who is giving you marketing advice?I want to one-click back up my hard drive - all of it , so all I have to do is one click to restore it , so if anyone knows any competitors , please email me.thanks
 I 'll make it quick - unlike my computer once I installed this garbage.It slowed my computer to a horrible crawl . Whereas before it took a few seconds to open a web page , after I installed this , it took minutes . My productivity went down the drain . I was really surprized that this happened since I had been happy with previous versions of Norton security software.After many calls to Norton 's ESL Third World support personnel I finally found out that this software runs in the background ... . and just keeps on running and running and running.Nevertheless I had faith in Norton and tried to resolve the problem over several weeks by calling `` support '' personnel , installing and uninstalling and installing again . Eventually I passed the statue of limitations for a refund and so I lost my money , unistalled Norton for the last time and put it in the trash can where I normally put my garbage.A real disappointment . Absolutely not recommended .
 I bought this as a replacement for Norton AntiVirus 2005 . * I uninstalled Norton AV 2005 , rebooted , uninstalled LiveUpdate , rebooted , deleted a bunch of Norton and Symantec files , and then installed and activated Norton 360 . Everything seemed fine , but Norton 360 has regularly failed to authorize itself at startup and could n't reactivate until I rebooted . Norton Live Chat support -LRB- which was pretty good -RRB- just confirmed that the Symantec Core Lc service was set up incorrectly.Folks , any program which CAN NOT install itself over the same company 's own products is unacceptable for 95 % of computer users!If the product authorizes OK , it seems fine , unobtrusively doing whatever it does . But several times it has pegged my CPU usage . Each time SvcHst.exe is the culprit . You ca n't kill this process from Task Manager , and if you stop/start it from Services , Norton 360 dies and wo n't successfully start , so you have to reboot.And I have a host of minor complaints : * You ca n't select and copy text from dialogs like Activation . You ca n't even select and copy text from Norton 's Live Chat window ! Very frustrating when you 're trying to tell Norton about a problem . * I get a JavaScript error from the e-mail support form -LRB- because I have MSIE set to alert on errors -RRB- . I have MSIE7 and Windows XP SP2 with all patches . The form seems to work anyway . * The product is excessively dumbed-down . As people have remarked , there 's no direct link from the big green checkmarks to the advanced settings for each . Also when I had Activation failures there was no explanation of the failure , just a -LSB- Try again -RSB- link . Also the product creates literally dozens of log files but there 's no links to them when there 's a problem or explanation of these . * The firewall does n't have a rule for ssh . That 's OK for a dumbed down product , but it does n't even know that TCP port 22 is for ssh . -LRB- Update June 2007 , more problems :-RRB- * The Backup does n't know about Mozilla Thunderbird e-mail files -LRB- you can add the entire mail folder to backup but it 's clunky -RRB- . * More user interface suck-age
 As my current Norton 360 subscription was expiring , I clicked on the link to upgrade -LRB- thinking this would be a quick solution ... -RRB- The installation failed , and directed me to the web site where I printed instructions on how to proceed on a second attempt . It failed a second time . Now however my computer was without virus protection as it deleted the old version in the install . I went to Norton 's Tech Support Chat and was told that I was number 55 in queue . Thirty five minutes later -LRB- now 11p . m. the technician stepped in and took control of my computer -- failed again -- twice . -LRB- these are long installs with restarts ... -RRB- I asked him for a refund and he immediately transferred me to a second tech . He played in the registry and deleted all sorts of Symantic files and folders . His two attempts failed . I asked him for a refund , and he transferred me to the original technician . He tried once more then offered to download Norton Internet Security 2009 . When asked if this were a price comprable product -- he said that he would give me a two year version -LRB- The $ 79 I paid for the Norton 360 was far more than a 2-year IS2009 would have cost -RRB- . The cheaper version would n't load either ! He refunded my money and we ended our call at 2:30 a.m. -LRB- after a series of `` this will just take 2 -LRB- or 15 , or 30 -RRB- minutes ... '' At the end I was worse off than when I started . My computer was without virus protection so I unplugged from the internet . I 'll NEVER purchase another Symantec product !
 I have been an avid Norton Symantec user for over 13 years . This is the worst product EVER . It slows your system down so much that I had to disable most of the features , which an average user will not know how to do.My biggest complaint is that once the `` virus update '' expires . . it renders the entire software useless . I could n't even go in and make simple changes to the settings , nothing to do with the virus update feature . PLUS A pop-up comes up everyday twice a day begging me to buy another year subscription . That is false . What they are really asking is that I buy the software again . Once a year is up . . you might as well throw it in the trash OR give it to someone else OR wipe your hard drive and install a fresh copy.I am not happy with it at all ! I will never buy any anti-virus or internet security software from this company again . I have heard of complaints that it will crash your system the day it expires.Uninstalling any Norton products are difficult and you should find a good article on the internet on how to do this . NOTE
 Symantec -LRB- seller of Nortaon Anti-Virus products -RRB- is not a reputable company . I purchased an on-line anti-virus subscription , had difficulty installing it , got fed up and went to McAfee . Symantec refuses to give me a refund . Their customer service is terrible and very hard to reach . It 's in India and if you are n't a `` preferred '' customer you will wait at least 30 minutes . I know because I 've timed it.McAfee Anti-Virus software was easy to install . Their customer service personnel were very helpful . Go with McAfee and avoid Symantec.Kurt Helmig
 I have been using Norton anti-virus for less than a week . It had an impressive first day , removing a particularly irritating and tenacious bug ; otherwise , it 's most stunning achievement has been to wipe out my Internet connections , and to provide inadequate instructions for restoring them . Fortunately , I have a family member who can find his way around such problems ; otherwise I would have had to spend extra money to pay someone to undo Norton 's nuisance . Norton should not be selling a half-developed product .
 1 . The backup feature is almost useless since you can only store to the root directory of a drive -LRB- you ca n't specify either location or name to the backup file -RRB- so , if you have two windows partition the backup of one partition will override the fist one .2 . Phishing filter is much more slower than windows filter causing your browser to be slow .3 . Some unstable behavior . Once it told me product needs to be activated -LRB- while it was already activated -RRB- I clicked ` activate ' it gave me error message then it became active !! 4 . It consumes more CPU resources than previous versions
 Since I make my living off of my computer as a writer , I thought I would upgrade my protection and as I 've been a fan of other Norton Products -LRB- now Symantec -RRB- I thought 360 sounded like a great deal.I have a computer with an 80 gig hard drive , 512ram and 1.5 GhZ . Not a hoss daddy computer but a decent one none the less and it was working just fine prior to the installation.I downloaded the software off the net and that was the last time my computer was able to connect to the Internet . I finally called Symantec support and was instructed to remove the 360 program and then reinstall it . I did so and it was worse - the system just went into initialization mode and then rebooted again and again . The Symantec support tech said I had a problem unrelated to the software and I needed to contact Dell and my ISP . So I contacted Dell and the technician said that he had handled other calls similar to mine and he showed me where the 360 software had disabled the network adapters and could n't connect to the Internet and therefore was attempting to connect over and over.I contacted my ISP and upon saying I had just installed Norton 360 , was taken to my network adapters page where he confirmed Norton had disabled each and every one.Another call to Symantec proved fruitless , I was instructed to remove the 360 one more time -LRB- which we managed to do by restoring the computer to a previous date and it did n't really work but it enabled us to un-install the program -RRB- and the technician told me since I had un-installed the program my technical issues were n't going to be handled by Symantec , thank you and have a nice day.So I contacted the VP of Investor Relations and she referred me to a guy in the Executive Consumer Relations Team who described installing Norton 360 as `` like putting a nuclear submarine in a lake '' . He also told me if I had an existing small issue in my computer this could have aggrivated it and caused it to escalate.It is my humble opinion that this program is garbage and was released on an unsuspecting public without much testing . I Googled Norton 360 and came up with numerous complaints very similar to my own . Please do n't spend your money on this ill-designed software or you 'll be buying a new computer like I am .
 This thing is horrible !!! If you buy it you 'll just be buying yourself a ton of trouble . I just removed it for the last time after fighting with it for several months trying to get it to work . Like , if you have to reinstall it they will ask for a product number . When you enter the number they have in your account on their website , it will tell you that that 's not a valid number . For sure , they really should change the name of their Technical Help Department to Technical Stalling . Norton USED to make fine products . NOT ANYMORE ! Something in that company has gone terribly wrong . I 'll never buy anything from them again . This has got to be absolutely the worst seventy bucks I have ever spent ...
 My title says it all ! I bought it new at Circuit City , and it WOULD NOT install properly . Circuit City technicians had it for FIVE HOURS ; no results . I tried live tech support from Norton THREE TIMES ; still no results.I returned it and installed Webroot . It installed perfectly the first time .
 very rude programming . This thing would bog down my computer and not allow any kind of shutdown or override . I scheduled all my scans for saturday night at 2a . m. and it would still take over my system during the day . total piece of garbage . forget about getting through to tech support . Unless you make 2 bucks an hour it wo n't be worth your time to try to get your money back after you uninstall it .
 I loaded this software on my laptop and it was a very heavy drain on the computer 's resources . Additionally , the software also wreaked havoc with my wirelesss connections to the printer . I was not impressed with this software and I ended up uninstalling it.Norton 360 All-In-One Security Annual Subscription - 3 PCs
 Not being your typically whining idiot , I downloaded Norton 360 and tried using it on a Vista machine on a trial basis . Something went wrong with the installation , so I uninstalled and reinstalled it.The next time it was almost successful , in that it installed , but told me that my trial period was up -LRB- probably an hour old by that point -RRB- . So , I went online & bought the download from Symantec.Uninstalled the old , installed the new - but it refused to acknowledge my activation key , stating that an activation error had occurred and that I needed to uninstall the product . Doing that 3 times did not get me any closer to a working state , so I went online , discovered the Norton Removal Tool and used it.No change.Digging deeper into Symantec 's website I discovered another little applet -LRB- SymKBfix -RRB- that I tried.No change.I then called Symantec and talked to `` John '' who remotely logged into my system , noticed that a path was missing for one of the Symantec services , and jumped into msconfig to shut off all unnecessary services before attempting to reinstall Norton 360 . In doing so , once the pc rebooted , we discovered that at least one of the services he disconnected dealt with my network as I was no longer able to get online . I was forced to hang up on him -LRB- we 'd already been on the phone for a half hour by then -RRB- so I could reset MSCONFIG and get back online.Once that was done I attempted to call Symantec back but no longer had any patience to wait for somebody that I knew would probably manage to kick me off the network again.Ultimately , I will probably be doing a new re-install of Vista - I understand that MS has backed off on their activation requirements - and attempt a new install of Norton 360 before I load up most of the rest of the software . For now , Norton 360 's as far off my system as I can make it , and Bit Defender 's in place instead .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . I wish I had read these reviews before I purchased this product at a local store . Norton 360 has made my computer very difficult to use . I am constanting getting error messages . It will not allow me to go on the internet unless I disable the product . I only gave this product one star because the reviewing system forced me to .
 I 've used a previous version of Norton with no problems so a few days before my expiration date I installed Norton 360 & it slowed my computer to a crawl . I uninstalled it today & my computer is back to its previous lightening fast speed . Do n't bother installing Norton 360 ... it 's crap . I just installed the clearwire security & it 's running fine . I wish I had read these reviews before I installed it . But I 'll cut my losses ... but you ... save your money !!!
 I been using Norton 's stuff for years and they seems ok . The usual complaints about slowing down PC and impossible to uninstall issue are due mostly to novice users , in my opinion . I guess that 's why they created this program for the computer newbies out there.I should have read the reviews on Amazon but I had thought this is just another Norton 's bundled product ... WRONG . Let 's see the problems ... - Blocked valid sites . - Broke online games , all of them . - Can not make firewall exception , oh well , I ca n't even find the firewall settings . - Interface that looks like BOB from Microsoft.It 's a 100 % chance this thing will break something on your PC . Thanksfully , the uninstall seems to work -LRB- took over 30 minutes on a fast PC -RRB- . Please , do n't bother to install this on your PC . EVER .
 No way to right click and scan a directory ?!? No way to scan any other drives . Are you kidding me?Rewrote my hosts file without asking -LRB- ok , there is an option to disable if you dig for it -RRB- However it made the file inaccessible - can not even change the attributes or even * read * the file . Messing with system files and rendering them useless is really not what I 'm looking for.What are they thinking ?
 I upgraded to Norton 360 thinking it would be a better security program . DO N'T DO IT . It dogged my computer , web search via google or yahoo was slowed down trememdously . Overall my computer ran sickly with this software . I had to uninstall it , and now my computer runs great . Do n't buy this software , listen to all the unhappy buyers , they are ALL right about this software .
 The nicest thing I can say about this product is how safe I felt when I gave up and removed it from my systems . I am fairly computer savvy but this thing really wrecked-up my laptops . It shot out all internet and LAN access , LiveUpdated correctly only once , and slowed things to a crawl . This software is ill documented , very confusing , and after three weeks and all told 20 hours of re-installs and tinkering , I have yet to hear a word from the so-called `` Tech Support . '' It is sad to see Norton do a 180 on what was a solid line of trusted products . I have used their stuff since the 1980s so I shall miss them . I feel robbed and betrayed . This review interface needs a zero star rating for products like these .
 I 've now spent 26 hours trying to get this buggy product to work . To no avail . Autoprotect fails and can not be fixed . Live chat help is worthless , since all they 'll tell you to do is remove , reinstall and pray . Inevitably , the product fails again . Caveat emptor .
 I normally do n't write reviews but this time I thought I 'd make an exception . This program is almost as bad as the viruses it protects against . It slows the computer down to a crawl and it must use a lot of virtual memory , because I often get a `` Low on virtual memory '' warning that I never got before I used this software . Sometimes I can hear the software running noisely in the backgound . Once this `` scanning '' noise starts the computer starts acting jerky and the noise does not stop until I shut down the computer . Even shutting all the programs down does n't stop the scanning noise . Even when I have n't touched the computer in 20 mintues the noise in the background continues until I shut the computer down . I was happy with the Norton Internet security 2006 , and happy with the Norton security programs before that , so this program was quite a shock . ... and to think it cost the most ! To stop up pop-up ads you need to download a separate free addition from Norton . The portion of the software that cleans up the computer is a nice addition , but even it has problems . Often I want to do a clean-up but it tells me that the program is `` Already running in a different process '' . At least one othe review mentions this problem . I guess norton ca n't or wo n't fix it . My computer takes many fold longer to boot up . It takes about 7 minutes to boot up and an additional 7 minutes or so for internet explorer to open -LRB- about 15 minutes total , I kid you not -RRB- . Nothing will work until Norton360 is completely open and it takes forever to open and that 's the problem . But everything works much slower on the computer now , and it acts jerky sometimes , occasionally it shuts down all my open internet windows when I try to close one window . There is another portion of the software that backs up the programs on your computer , but you need to supply the backup harddrive and you can do this on your own anway ? So it really just reminds you to do it on a regular schedule -LRB- so not much help at all -RRB- . I think there is a small amount of backup capability through the software , enough to save word and excel documents - so not completley worthless . So I feel Norton put this out without testing it properly and I would advise everyont to steer clear of this software . I have relied on Norton in the past , but this is a wake-up call . I 'll need to look at other protection software in the future .
 It took me several days of online chat support to get this product installed . When it was finally installed , it did an initial deep scan , and passed the XP box with no sign of infection . The very next boot , it had been entirely disabled by whatever has infected the box . I strongly suggest you look elsewhere for your security needs . However , ZoneAlarm , which used to be an execellent product , may still be worth getting asneta separate product . It was , at one time , the very best firewall , for preventing rouge applications from turning your PC into a robot for some hacker . But , 360 is a very big disappointment . I wish I could give a strong recommendation to another vendor , but I have yet to find a product that finds the bug in my box .
 Install this software and say goodbye to the overpriced fast computer that you used to love . This software will slow your websurfing blazer to an agonizing pre-1995 crawl . Do n't believe the Norton advertisements about `` optimization '' ; the only thing being optimized is Symantec 's pocketbook . We are running a dual-core Athalon 5600 with 3GB RAM and it still ca n't handle the terrible coding implemented with this software.Want to just try it out ? Well , forget trying to disable it or uninstall it once you put it on your system , unless you really want to take a risk with messing with your config.sys or msconfig parameters.I also run a quad-core HP 6600 beast . And no , that computer will never see Norton . Vista 's firewall is simply superior coding by Microsoft -LRB- I 'll spare you the details -RRB- and there are all kinds of quality AV to choose from . It 's up to you , but if I were a buyer I would believe the 99 % of people who hated this product and disregard the one person whomiraculously likes the coding nightmare that is Norton 360 .
 I purchased this product first and then read the reviews on Amazon . I decided to continue on with the installation procedure against my better judgement . This is what happened .1 . One day after installation my computer started rebooting unexpectly and displaying a messsage from windows .2 . Next , I could n't get into any of my programs .3 . Best Buy said that Windows was damaged and I had to reinstall . Good thing I had my files backed up online ... Nope . The back up did n't take ... although I was given the green light by the program .4 . The tech tried but he only could reinstall the program back onto my computer ... Hip hip Hooray ... I only lost my children 's photos , my lesson plans , and all the info I has stored for my church ... but at least I still have the program that wiped out my hard labor .
 Having had Norton products installed for years including AntiVirus , Internet Security , and SystemWorks , I decided to replace the installed products with Norton 360 and a non-Norton password manager . Obviously , it is critical to FIRST remove all Norton programs before installing Norton 360 . The installation process proceeded relatively smoothly.My computing environment includes a 1.6 Ghz processor , 1,000 MB of memory , and 6GB of available disk.The background scans and LiveUpdate have played havoc with my other applications by periodically locking up the entire CPU at 100 % CPU utilization . One application that streams radio broadcasts now stops . I immediately disabled the automatic updates and scheduled backups , however , the CPU occasionally still locks.Additionally , there is no way to transfer security settings from previous Norton products to Norton 360 thereby making the installation process very labor intensive.If you now have separate Norton security products and are satisfied with them , save your money and renew the Norton subscriptions .
 My subscription to Norton Internet Security 2006 was expiring so after reading a review on CNet I purchased Norton 360 as an upgrade at the Symantec Store . Initially , installation of the product disc went well and I registered the product . Two weeks later I was warned I was not protected . I had not registered . I tried to register again and was told I was registered . -LRB- Big surprise . -RRB- I could not get activated again so I deleted it an reinstalled it . During one virus scan I was notified about a jackposh trojan . I had contacted customer service online and after transfers to 3 persons and a loss of an additional 99.95 the trojan was removed . Programs were installed for remote access . These were not removed nor did I ever get a receipt for my payment of service.Norton360 removed more virus and trojans only when I manually initiate comprehensive scans . Norton blocked trojans and other attacks in other Norton products . Now , this product , or the corporation , concentrates on repair for 99.95 a pop rather than prevention.I wrote a letter to the California office . I did not receive a reply . I was called about my `` grievances '' . I called the number given in a voicemail message . I spent quite a long time talking to a representative who may or may not have been in the USA . My guess he was not but spoke very good English.He was very professional , patient and polite . He finally arranged for me to get a refund of the product purchase price but refused to refund the 99.95 service fee.I have deleted all Norton/Symantec product from my computer.I am now using Kaspersky Internet Security . My business partnership with Norton/Symantec is over.Update
 Similar to many others , Norton 360 caused serious slowdown and the crashing of Internet Explorer on my Dell desktop -LRB- P4 with 1G Ram -RRB- and on my daughter 's Dell Inspiron m600 laptop -- both running Windows XP . I had used Norton Internet Security and Systemworks previously without major problems -LRB- Systemworks appears to do more regarding registry cleanup than 360 , but ca n't be used with 360 -RRB- . I have replaced 360 on both computers with Internet Security and Systemworks and the problems have gone away . There seem to be serious problems with 360 for many users , and it is amazing to me that the major tech reviews of this product were so positive .
 This product may be OK for virus and spyware prevention . As best as I can tell I have n't had any viruses sneak through . When it comes to something that I can evaluate well i.e. its ' backup capability I can say that it is a complete failure . It is difficult to schedule a backup . You can not backup to a drive on your home network . Online capability is way too slow and too small . When I click - backup now - it fails . It will give a message that I am adequately backed up and when I check the backup file I find that none has been done for 2 weeks.I would suggest looking elsewhere for a program such as this . Ithink that the only reason I still use Norton products is simple inertia .
 I decided to buy norton 360 after using Norton products for many years . This software is horrible .1 -RRB- It has made my cpu extremely slow .2 -RRB- My system crashed for the first time ever after I loaded it .3 -RRB- The system scan does not work properly - never completes .4 -RRB- The check for updates option never completes properly.Don ' t say I did n't warn you . I 'm taking mine off both the machines I loaded it on and its my last symantec product .
 Norton 360 is the biggest piece of garbage I have had the displeasure of using . -LRB- would not let me rate less then one -RRB- I have used Norton Internet security for many years , and had no problem . I have contacted Norton about this issue which they started out trouble shooting with me . Not one of their fix 's worked and they have not responded to my last message , or the resending of that message.It will scan fully maybe every 4th time . Every other time it will scan one file for ever -LRB- I have stopped it after 12 hours -RRB- not the same file every time either , it 's random!Click stop scan
 If you do n't leave your PC turned on continuously , look elsewhere . Every time you turn your PC on , several of Norton 360 's applications start to run and virtually use a majority of your CPU resources . Programs with names like CCApp.exe , LUCom ~ . exe , LUComServer.exe will keep you from using your PC for the first 15 minutes or so . If you try to use it while 360 is doing it 's thing you will find your program will run at a snail 's pace . I 'm looking elsewhere for my next years AV protection . After several years of Norton products , I have to say this will be my last . No more Norton for me .
 bad is bad , auto protect kept turning itself off , tryed tech support many times but they never could fix the problem , hello India , I was so frustrated when they wanted to link computers I accually said ok.After half an hour of the tech doing god knows what he left my computer disabled and then left the chat room . Had to call Geek Squad to fix it.In the end the software was so flawed I had to uninstall it and get a refund , went with mcafee and it works without fail.The optimize feature is nothing more than defragmenting and using the delete feature in internet options , in other words you already have it.As far as the back up feature goes I never had a chance to use it , could n't get past all the other problems.In the end it cost me plenty fix what norton was supposed to prevent and then some , to this day they still take no responsibility and just give you the internet runaround.This all happened all over a two week period of time , and I was on the phone or computer with them almost daily , do n't want to run this review into the ground , but that 's the thick and thin of it .
 I was offered an upgrade from the last version to this and it was the worst decision . First there was no Spam filter -LRB- one of the main purposes of having the product installed -RRB- and this had to be downloaded separately . Next the Spam filter worked for a day or 2 and then stopped . So I contact the support desk who recommend reinstallation . I try this , then nothing . So I try support again and they totally misunderstand the problem and send me some nonsense that does n't work . So I became frustrated and email them every few days reminding them it does n't work and I 'm not happy . Today I wrote them an email and said I want my money back as a -RRB- the software clearly does n't work -LRB- you only need to read the comments here to understand that -RRB- , and b -RRB- their support people are unhelpful and unresponsive.I got an email a few hours later giving me a full refund.So , what product should I now buy for Anti-virus and Anti-Spam -LRB- or which 2 products ?? -RRB-
 ... then install N360.Yes , I 'm a mug and I bought and installed this dross on my PC.What a mistake that was.Despite the fact I selected the `` Manual Scans '' option N360 ran a never ending scan -LRB- which I could n't stop -RRB- every time I logged on . The scan completely froze my -LRB- almost new -RRB- PC for at least 40 minutes at every log on . . Even when my PC was running normally N360 closed down programs seemingly at random.The on-screen security bar turned red and warned of `` Engine Errors '' , which meant that I uninstalled and reinstalled this rubbish at least 10 times in 6 months.The so called support is awful . Their advice leads you through a series of pointless checks which waste hours . None of the remedies work and you end up going full circle back to the first checks that you tried.I have now uninstalled and cleared all traces of N360 and my PC is working normally again.N360 is an utter waste of money and my advice is to steer well clear of it .
 Do not buy or try unless your are either very very experienced or feel very very lucky . I am an experienced user of Symantec products and advanced PC user . Thus , I believed the warnings posted by prior users were for beginners only . No such luck ! After trying for 3 days to install , even after following several recommendations posted on the Symantec site , I gave up and called Tech Support . Then , after struggling for 4 + hours -LRB- using the free chat service -RRB- , a Symantec technician managed to install N360 . Tired , I thanked the Support guy and shut down my PC . The next day , I tried to access the Internet without success . Checking again on the Symantec website -LRB- in another PC -RRB- I found recommendations to fix the issue . But , again , I was not successful since N360 prevented me to apply the solutions . In fact , in all PC accounts including Admin , I could not change any setting on my computer . On top of that , N360 placed several Windows directories -LRB- such as `` My Documents '' -RRB- that I had put in customized locations in their ` Microsoft default location ' without asking me if I agreed with the changes . Only after using my c :\ drive backup -- ALWAYS BACKUP BEFORE INSTALLING SYMANTEC PRODUCTS -- I managed to restore control of my PC . So , I strongly recommend you look elsewhere for PC security . N360 protects your PC even against yourself !
 this product stinks . i can not get it to load.i wish i coud get my money back.i have used norton anti virus for years and it is great.since i could not make 360 work i went and bought a regular 2008 norton virus at best buy and had no problem at all.i will never buy a computer program from amazon again.how can i get my money back ?????
 If you search for `` Norton 360 problem '' and make a list of the most frequent problems , I have had all of them in just two months . From Live Update refusing to update , blocking legitimate programs from the internet without any explanation or means of allowing them , the famous `` red X '' problem that never goes away , Auto-Protect refusing to turn on ... and all Symantec says is `` reinstall it '' . I am on a two-month trip away from home so I ca n't . On top of it all , my conputer now takes ten minutes to start up . It never took that long before @ # $ % & * ing Norton 360 . I am on the verge of un-installing it and just going unprotected until I can get something else.Don ' t waste your money . I wish I had n't .
 Installing initially was easy ; after TWO weeks , I got error message to uninstall and reinstall ; once this was done , computer crashed ; had to get repaired ; COMPUSA repaired and reinstalled NORTON 360 ; constantly having to recover my computer - I firmly believe due to NORTON - now after recovered PC , when trying to reinstall NORTON 360 - it installs halfway then uninstalls self - JUNK - GOING IN TRASH _ NORTON WILL NEVER GET ANY MORE OF MY MONEY - Never had problems like this until this PROGRAM on my computer - JUNK !!
 I 've been using Norton products since the old 286 days , but the past few releases have n't been pretty . Does n't matter how much memory I add , my PC , which should run like the hare , crawls along like the tortoise .5 days after installing Norton 360 , my computer got infected with the trojan.zonebac virus . Norton says it removed it , but I am still getting porn ads in place of Google Adsense ads . So today I contacted support . Their answer for me was to pay them $ 90 to have their tech professional remove it . Silly me , I thought Norton was supposed to stop it from infecting my pc in the first place.I should have paid more attention to the reviews here .
 I unfortunately purchased this item when my Norton AV subscription expired . I installed it , and my computer would not start IN ANY MODE -LRB- including safe mode , last known configuration mode , etc. -RRB- Support responds within 96 hours and is helpless . A virus would have been better.I reinstalled my entire operating system and tried to reinstall this piece of trash again to get my money 's worth . Now I get an `` Error 5 '' which Norton says is not an error but yet COMPLETELY PREVENTS THE PRODUCT FROM WORKING.Save your money . I will never buy another Norton product as long as I live .
 I recently upgraded my norton antivirus to 360 recently and it has slowed down my PC a lot . Simple tasks like startup , openeing a webpage take forever . There is always some background activity . I tried contacting the Norton support which turned out to be extremely agonising task . Telephone support is available . But , you have to pay for it 10 dollars per issue . For online chat support , you will be placed in queue and finally when somebody answers it , it takes 2-3 minutes for the support to reply . He finally asks you to delete temporary files and restart the PC and if this does n't work , to call back errrrr . . chat back . This cycle repeats til you get frustrated . Then there will be a followup e-mail from symantec asking if the issue has resolved . When I replied that it has not and asked them to contact me , they simply resent another followup email . I returning this product . I am not sure if it works ok otherwise . But , the support is terrible . So , I am returning it .
 I have spent the last year fighting this nightmare three times a week I have to shut down my computer because of hundreds of Norton pop ups.I spent $ 69.00 for tech support in english and 20 hours on the phone for a month and it still was not fixed i just gave up . Then they started sending me pop ups last week that they were going to just renew on my credit card after two hours I think i cracked the code to stop it but I DONT TRUST THEM . So I have now changed my credit card number . It may come down to me buying another computer just to make them go away .
 I bought Norton 360 version 2.0 a week ago and initially was pleased to see that Symantic now realises that most house holds have more than one PC , as they allow the user to install it on 3 machines.However , after 3 days I decided to totally irradicate this monstrocity from my PC because it slowed it down to a point that the PC could hardly be used at all . Even when temporarily disabling Norton 360 , the Windows task manager still shows that the two visible running programs utilize between 10 % and 60 % of the CPU 's resources . I have a 2GHz machine with 512 MBytes and XP.All of you with slightly older PC 's are well-advised to stay away from this `` monstre-horribilis '' . Symantic has now definitely lost me as -LRB- up till now -RRB- faithful customer and instead I have installed Panda 2008 which runs quietly and unnoticed in the background . It is a breath of fresh air compared to Norton 360 . I am going to send Norton back for a refund , which is now possible within 60 days after purchase .
 I would give $ 5,000 to have my life and computer back to the way it was before I `` upgraded '' to Norton 360 . For many years I was happily using Symantec 's other programs
 I 've used Norton Anti-Virus for about 13 years , and despite some complaints about using up too many system resources , and a few other minor issues , I 've always recommended Norton AV highly . Prior to my purchase I read many reviews about Norton 360 and thought it would be the best product they ever shipped . Wow , was I surprised . It turned out to be the worst ! I work in IT so I know what I 'm doing , this product caused more headaches for me than anything else I ever bought . Here is a capsule summary of my experiences .1 . Norton Auto Protect , which is the key to protecting your system , would turn off virtually every time I rebooted the system . What good is an anti-virus application that turns itself off ? Multiple tries to solve the problem through Symantec 's horrible tech support system proved fruitless . And let me repeat this , their tech support system is atrocious .2 . One of the reasons I purchased this product was the 2 gb of online storage . I quickly learned this is the worst backup application one could find anywhere . I never heard of a backup program that does NOT allow you to select which folders and files to backup . Norton 360 only backs up files by type , such as music or jpegs . It is a product dumbed down for computer neophytes . I have no problem with that , but at least give people the option to select which folders and files they want to back up .3 . I do not use Internet Explorer , I use FireFox , which is in my opinion , a superior browser . When I purchased Norton 360 , it did not support FireFox , but I was told that the Fall 2007 release would support FireFox . So far , Symantec has failed to keep their promise to me of supporting FireFox . So if you use FireFox , this is n't the product you want.In sum , even though I 'm a long time Norton/Symantec customer , I can not in good conscience recommend this product . Why would you buy a product when the Auto Protect feature is completely unreliable , the backup program is terrible , and it does n't support the browser you use ? And let 's not forget that contacting tech support is a horrible experience you want to avoid.Update
 I bought this using the reviews in , I believe Feb. issue , PCMAG . They gave it the best reviews and highest score . According to them it is automatic and will not need my attention -LRB- LIE -RRB- . Well every time something needs to be done I manually have to take care of it myself . I have to update windows myself . I want something that will do everything for me and leave me alone . It slowed my computer down pretty good as well . I then decided to try Microsoft 's One care product and I never hear from it except an occasional popup telling me that I need to update windows , and this is a rarity , for optional updates or one that requires a restart.I will never buy a Norton product again . One care is seamless and takes care of everything and you can get it on EBAY for around $ 10-15 for a year and 3 PC 's
 The anti-spyware part of Norton 360 does not work as expected . After installing from the Symantec web site onto my XP desktop my internet connection seemed to crawl . After 3 months of finding only cookies as infections I ran scans from 2 competitor products , finding that my system was infected with 2 trojan horses and 3 malware incidents.I contacted Symantec customer support and was told the following : - The Norton 360 seemed to be working as expected on my system . - No single product will find all spyware infections . - The infections were of a type that was harder to eliminate than others - I was offered some training on how to avoid internet sites that may contain infections - It would cost me $ 98 to have specialists at Symantec disinfect my system!I was outraged . I said to the customer support representative that since their product did not prevent or find the infections in the first place why should I have to pay an additional $ 98 on top of the $ 60 I 've already paid to have their specialists do what they advertised their product would/should do in the first place . He repeated the exact same canned response saying that no one product would find all spyware infections.When I asked him how to completely remove the Norton 360 product from my system he told me that he did not have any knowledge of the product and that I would have to talk to the support department . I then asked for my money back . He responded by offering me an extension of my subscription for free . I told him that their product does n't work and promptly removed the program from my systems .
 I 've had Norton 360 for about 6months now . I 've always used Norton Systemworks and have loved it , but after this product I will never but from them again . The fix button does n't work , the auto protect will not stay enabled no matter how many times I reinstall the software . What a piece of garbage this has turned out to be . It seems like everyone is having the same issues with this piece of software yet Symantec will not address the issue . Save your money and look into McAfee .
 Buried well into the troubleshooting info is the tidbit that Norton 360 will uninstall and block all of your other Symantec software , including Ghost , SystemWorks , WinFax , and more.Install Norton 360 and it intentially destroys software you bought and paid for to use on your system , like create a disk image , check and repair Windows Registry and file issues , run your PC fax send and receive , and more.What moron came up with this ???
 Use some other product with Microsoft Vista.I have owned 360 for one year . I bought because I had very good experience with Norton AV Corporate version using Windows XP , which I would recommend.My review title says it all.Pros
 What kind of shortsighted company would put out a product that does n't support parental control settings separately for each user on your computer ? Of course I want to restrict what my kid sees when using his limited account , but why would I ever want that restriction applied to my account ??? Oh , and by the way , the previous Norton Internet Security 2005 DID support parental contol for each user separately !
 I purchased this CD at a Big Box store and I was looking forward to putting it on my laptop and my desktop . Installation was a breeze on the laptop . My on desktop , which I had Norton Anti-virus , it did n't go so well so I had to reinstall it . And then it all happened.My desktop is a few years old and Norton 360 would bog down everything . It constantly would give me the dreaded `` red X '' on the icon in the tool bar . It was constantly trying to back up my files even when I went in and disabled this feature . It also slowed down my internet connection . I tried disabling the Internet transaction security but everytime I went onto the web it was enabled . Finally I just uninstalled the whole thing . I loved the plain Norton Anti-virus program and that was the reason I bought this one , what a mistake . I ended up purchased just the Anti-virus program online and have n't had a problem since.My laptop seems to be running fine with the 360 however I am always getting that there are `` security issues with your computer '' because I disabled the automatic backup . In short this program wants to take total control of your computer and not allow you change any of the settings . Never again .
 Installation was flawless , however , when I applied the first batch of updates through LiveUpdate , I began receiving the following error : Microsoft visual c++ runtime library : Runtime error ! Program
 I was a faithful Norton user for many years , until their product got so bloated and resource consuming that I gave up about five years ago . After reading glowing reviews about a leaner , completely reworked program , I became intrigued and finally decided to give it another try . What a mistake.The LiveUpdate -LRB- upon which the whole anti virus function depends -RRB- was broken nearly from the start . After many sessions with tech support -LRB- who really seem to be trying - in a losing battle -RRB- , Live Update was working . Other things stopped working , like backup , and the program became unstable , with random characters scattered in it 's dialog boxes . After following tech support 's instructions for a complete uninstall and reinstall , viola , Live update was once again not functioning , and backup would crash the entire program.Apparently little has changed at Symantec , releasing what should be early beta software on an unsuspecting public .
 I have been a Norton user for 10 years but dont buy this.Incredibly slow . PC now takes 3 x as long to boot up . Half the time the wireless internet connection wont load and I have to restart again.After 10 mins idle a formerly stable PC now gets the Blue Screen of Death . Tech support 's answer is that `` as its a windows error message it must be a windows problem , not Norton 's '' . Let me see , no Norton 360 system stable . Install Norton 360 system and crashes repeatedly . Uninstall Norton and system stable again . What do I deduce from that?Dont dont dont buy this programme . Its rubbish
 The idea of a unique product with antivirus , firewall , backup system , improve pc 's performance , ... , is very good but this product must have a serious upgrade / update ... I had used it as a beta user and after I bought the commercial version but there are many problems with the current version : # 1 No idea why but times to times there are a message saying there was an error and Norton 360 must be uninstalled and reinstalled again ! So you will loose about 1 hour until you do it , with more than 3 turn off and turn on 's , specially if you had installed also the parenteral option . And after a new reinstall it will try to get updates , then scan all your pc again , then ask you again to setup backup , start a new backup again ... # 2 Backup does not work ... Not very practical , every time you must reinstall it creates a new backup and to delete the old ones it is not easy -LRB- I gave up ... -RRB- # 3 It definetly turns your pc slower ... # 4 The icon that should always be shown in the bottom right -LRB- so you are sure Norton 360 is working -RRB- sometimes disapears and will -LRB- perhaps -RRB- reappear only after you restarts your pc . # 5 Does not work fine with Windows xp multiuser option . When non-administrator are logged Norton 360 does not work ! I had to change my others user to administrators too ! Norton 360 support said that they already know this problem and it will be fixed soon ... ok , I have almost one year to decide to renew or not my licence .
 Let me preface this by saying that I 've used Norton Anti-virus and Internet Security on several machines over the years and have never had a problem - at least one that was n't easy to rectify.Enter Norton 360 . Installed product and it worked fine for a while . Then one day Live Update stopped working . I contacted support and they made several suggestions - downloading tools etc. . Nothing worked . Visited the support pages on the site and tried several things . Nothing worked.So , I 'm stuck with a program that wo n't update the anti-virus definitions etc.Also , Internet Security had mail filters and address filtering as integral parts of the program . 360 requires you to download an add on.So , the more expensive new product does n't have the features of the old one AND does n't work and support ca n't seem to help.Do not buy . I 'd give it no stars but that is n't an option .
 What a hideous product . I 've owned Norton products in the past and this is absolutely the worst . If you like to install and reinstall software , this is the product for you.I 've had to reinstall it nearly every month since I bought it . -LRB- `` To fix an error , Norton 360 must be uninstalled and reinstalled . '' -RRB- This happens completely without warning or any apparent reason - not after , say , installing a Windows update or new software , or changing a configuration . Also , the Automatic Update fails frequently . And their Tech Support offered absolutely no help in fixing that - instead they suggested running the Update executable directly . -LRB- If you do that , the interface does n't change to indicate that all updates are current and installed . -RRB- It also has features you supposedly can change but the app does n't really like you to , and the system tray will constantly display that you 're at risk . -LRB- For example , turning off outgoing email scanning -RRB- . I 'm used to the flexibility of prior Norton products . This one is n't in that group.It 's junk , tech support is hard to get to , * competent * tech support is impossible to get to , and if you already owned previous Norton products , expect your subscription to automatically be renewed on your credit card months before it 's supposed to .
 I build my own computers . That said , I have a new 64-bit dual-core processor running Vista . I have ALWAYS used Zone Alarms security , but the 64-bit system is still in beta testing & not yet available.Not wanting to risk problems , I bought Norton 360 . In the 68 days I 've had it , I have had to uninstall & reinstall it 3 times -LRB- per Norton -RRB- as it constantly comes up with the message of being corrupted . Support NEVER reads the problem , and just tells me to uninstall & reinstall it , like I have nothing better to do than repeating the process . Asking further questions results in receiving the same `` uninstall & reinstall '' reply , with complete instructions for doing so each time.If you 're not running a 64-bit system , buy ZONE ALARMS system , NOT Norton 360 . In the 5 years of use , I NEVER had issues with Zone Alarms software , which is a far better track record than I have with Symantec .
 I had made a promise to never buy another Norton product again because of the disappointing performance and bugs I had experienced with previous versions . But I was a sucker again after reading high praise about the 360 product in a well respected computer publication . I can not tell you how well or poorly the software performs because I can not get it to complete the installation . Support did respond within 12 hours , but wants all kinds of information and screen shots before they will attempt to help . I had already provided them with the message and the software warned me that it was sending the necessary data as well . In order for this type of software to function properly it has to be based on the most complete knowledge and understanding of how the computer , operating system , and software works . If it can not be installed without hours of troubleshooting and aggravation , I do n't think I can expect it to do the job I bought it to do .
 I decided to upgrade to Norton 360 and downloaded the program . That was after I called on-line sales because could not delete the extra $ 10 - service fee they kept tacking on to the final price . Long story short , my computer became totally disabled . Could not access secure sites -LRB- my bank , broker , gmail and so forth -RRB- and removing the program did not help . I finally installed a new Explorer -LRB- 7 -RRB- and added the secure sites to `` trusted sites '' on my computer . There is no service telephone number listed on their site but found it through a private site . -LRB- 800-591-9334 -RRB- . They do n't want you to call . I waited 50 minutes on the phone -LRB- with horrible music playing -RRB- . The `` technician '' tried to get me to download the product again and add a `` fix . '' I almost did this except my computer was so disabled it could not access the site . Miracle of miracles , I received a refund -LRB- or so they said -RRB- . Do not buy this program !
 It is several hours later and I 'm still setting up this product . They do n't tell you that it takes an entire afternoon to install this thing . There have been so many problems that I wish I had read the reviews here first . Next time I 'll buy McAfee .
 I have already published this comment under Norton 360 -LRB- without 3 licenses -RRB- Have a look at the 5 people on the product cover : - The Asian old lady on the left is saying that I 'm not protected at all since the software does n't work if you have a `` limited user '' account . - The man with blue shirt is saying I get ccApp.exe errors each time I do shutdown or switch user . - The boy with glasses -LRB- started wearing them after installing the product -RRB- is anxious to see the result of the 4 hours full system scan that happens every couple of days to eventually find nothing ! - The lady on the right is waiting for a window to open since the PC became dreadfully slow -LRB- I mean really slow -RRB- . - Finally , the lady in the middle is saying I 'm surrounded by fools who purchased this product and I 'm sure not going to be one of them . . What a waste of money ... I guess I did n't see the cover since I went for online purchase ...
 Have a look at the 5 people on the product cover : - The Asian old lady on the left is saying that I 'm not protected at all since the software does n't work if you have a `` limited user '' account . - The man with blue shirt is saying I get ccApp.exe errors each time I do shutdown or switch user . - The boy with glasses -LRB- started wearing them after installing the product -RRB- is anxious to see the result of the 4 hours full system scan that happens every couple of days to eventually find nothing ! - The lady on the right is waiting for a window to open since the PC became dreadfully slow -LRB- I mean really slow -RRB- . - Finally , the lady in the middle is saying I 'm surrounded by fools who purchased this product and I 'm sure not going to be one of them . . What a waste of money ... I guess I did n't see the cover since I went for online purchase ...
 I was using Norton SystemWorks 2006 until its subscription ran out . Norton SystemWorks meant I could not start working on anything for five minutes after turning my computer on . I understand that was because Norton GoBack was using up to 10 per cent of my hard disk space to record system changes . When I installed Norton 360 , it uninstalled all previous Norton installations including GoBack , and took at least two hours to systematically obliterate the GoBack history , so I thought I would have a really fast start-up from now on.I was wrong . It now takes about twenty minutes until my computer will allow me to either connect to the Internet or start a program . The good news is that once it 's running , the computer is moving much faster and is much more responsive than it was under Norton SystemWorks.Norton 360 offers 2GB of online storage and you can buy additional storage if you need it . I thought it was about time I had safe off-site storage for my valuable data . The FAQs say the data is transferred with 128-bit encryption and stored with 256-bit encryption so it 's safe . It took the best part of a day to transfer my 1.2 GB of data . The FAQs say the process could be slow because of asynchronous connections , i.e. your download speed is much faster than your upload speed . Fair enough.I then expected that files would automatically be added to the online storage . Apparently this is supposed to happen `` when you are away from your computer . '' I was away from my computer a bit during the first five days after installation , but apparently for not enough time , because no backups took place . I checked backups and the last one was five days ago , but Norton 360 claimed a subsequent backup had been aborted because , presumably , I was using my computer.I clicked to run the backup now . This was a slow process , twenty minutes to half an hour , and I thought asynchronous transfer speed was again to blame . But no . This was just the time Norton 360 took to locate the 24 files it needed to back up . -LRB- I have not been awfully busy these last five days . -RRB- It then backed the files up -LRB- another twenty minutes -RRB- and Norton 360 reported on what it had backed up . It seemed to have picked the right files -LRB- I have now read another user review which claimed that Norton 360 had failed to back up files deliberately placed on a hard disk to test it . -RRB- Having done the backup and spent at least forty minutes doing so , I was able to turn off the computer and go to bed.Norton 360 seems to slow down the computer less than Norton SystemWorks , but the software seems to envisage that you never turn your computer off . If you have to turn the computer back on , it will take twenty minutes before you can get back to work . Norton 360 also seems to require vast amounts of time when the computer is turned on but inactive in order for it to decide to carry out what you had hoped would be automatic processes , such as backup , because these processes can abort if you are using your computer .
 I was a fool to have purchased this buggy software that prevents me from using my computer the way its intended to . $ 40.00 from Brick and Mortar store - not that big of a loss . I wo n't make the same mistake again.If you do n't need to use the internet , this is the product for you . On the otherhand , if you use your computer for a variety of internet-related tasks -LRB- specifically online banking -RRB- , DO NOT BUY NORTON !!! -LRB- Thankfully I was able to uninstall the software without incident ... otherwise it would have gotten 1 star . -RRB-
 Well I think it is great that they let you upgrade to 2.0 for free if you have a 1.0 or 1.1 edition.However they get a 2 out of 5 because they do n't have any support -LRB- meaning it will not install -RRB- on XP Pro x64 . With today 's market most people are running 64 bit OS and you ca n't exclude them with a product.However if you have 64 bit Vista then it will work it does n't work on 64 bit XP Pro .
 I had the 2007 version of Norton Internet Security installed on my laptop , and it worked well . When it came time to upgrade , I thought that I 'd try Norton 360 . Big mistake.Norton 360 does protect your computer , so it does work . But , since Norton 360 occasionally uses 100 % of both cores -LRB- while I am trying to use the computer -RRB- , occasionally accesses my CD-ROM incessently for no apparent reason -LRB- until I eject it -RRB- , and my computer now occasionally freezes for a few seconds , I think that Norton 360 really only works well if you do n't want to do anything else with your computer other than protect it.Stay away!Update
 Downloading and installing the update to Norton 360 was the worst mistake I 've made with my computer in ages . It completely obliterated by wireless connection -LRB- which is still not fixed -RRB- and interfered with my QuickBooks prgram . -LRB- Three pages of instructions from QuickBooks on how to fix it which I have n't attempted as yet ! -LRB- But at least QuickBooks is addressing the issue . Norton does n't seem to know or care that it 's new program is destroying other programs upon installation . -RRB- I have n't been able to do work for 2 days now and there 's not a light at the end of the tunnel yet . I spent over 4 hours with Norton chat support and nothing was resolved . Yikes . DO N'T DO IT !!!
 After a couple of days after installing this program my computer slowed down and eventually would n't even boot . Trying to get help from tech support is a nightmare . It is also very difficult even getting in contact with them because it was hard for me to even find the phone number . The main problem I had was when I tried to return the program . When I went to the return page I could not get the return form to print . I called tech support and they said that my computer was the problem and refused to send me a return form . I did n't believe them because I could go to any other website and print all of the forms I want . The print form button to me was just acting like some kind of graphic . The button was no kind of active link at all . I took the program back to Best Buy where I bought it and I was just a couple of days past the return time but they still let me exchange it for another program . I got CA Internet Security and do n't buy that one either . Even more horrible customer service and program performance .
 Norton 360 Version 2.0 For Grandma ... Can not schedule tasks.Can not control where speed disk places files.Removed Unerase capability.Seems to run the AntiVirus very often.Can not turn off the AntiVirus scan.CcSvcHst.exe will lock up computer from being shut down.CcSvsHst.exe will take over the OS.Removes Norton System Works .
 Norton 360 is by far the WORST product ever sold by Symantec . First of all , the Norton line of Utility Programs have gone down hill years ago since Symantec came along . However , with Norton 360 ... they have hit rock bottom ! I have used the Norton products for years and stuck by them even after Symantec 's take over -LRB- with disappointments -RRB- . I previously had Norton System Works and Norton Personal Firewall installed and upon installing Norton 360 , I lost all the features the previous programs offered . And all Norton 360 did for me is S-L-O-W-S my system down -LRB- without the previous features -RRB- . I would NOT reccomend Norton 360 to my worst enemy !
 I 'm not used to write reviews about programs/games I buy , but I 'll make an exception for this exceptional product . This is THE worst software I have installed ever . I have a 20 + years of history with computers -LRB- back to DOS -RRB- , and wanted to go legit and install a real good solution for computer threats . This was not it.First , it 's a moody program , yeah , moody . It just works when it wants to work . For no apparent reasons - and I 've checked Symantec 's support - the suite just , you know , turns off ; some days it does n't , most days it does.Second , install it and expect random performance issues . Shutdown time increased to about 2 whole minutes . At first , it was ok . Someday , N360 just felt it should take its time to shutdown ; it has been like that since that day -LRB- yeah , I tried tech support , reinstall , etc. -RRB- . Third and last -LRB- hopefully -RRB- , this product is not worth your money . It 's a beta , at best , and overcharged too . Not only it works clunky , it also works randomly and by it 's own whims.I do n't know how McAfee is doing , but N360 certainly eased their competition .
 I have used Symantec and Norton products for years , on both Mac and PC . I ` upgraded ' from Norton Internet Security Pro to 360 , and my computer misbehaved ever since . I had numerous problems with links failing to load -LRB- `` unable to find server '' -RRB- requiring multiple refreshes and general slowing of all internet connections all links seemed to have a one to three second delay before loading ... I use WinXP and a fast cable modem . I had no real help from customer ` service ' ... it took 8 days to hear back from their 24 hour response site . The advice was unhelpful and I eventually uninstalled the program . Ta da ... everything worked fine!I did go back with Norton Internet Security however , and so far , so good . BTW , the refund process is like pulling teeth on a horse .
 There 's no doubt that there were good intentions behind Norton 360 . Its Anti-Virus , Firewall , PC Optimization and Online backup must have seemed like a perfect product . The problem is in the execution . Norton 360 has to be one of the most system intrusive applications ever made . By system intrusive , I mean it is CPU intensive -LRB- so make sure you have a dual core CPU -RRB- , and more importantly it is horrendously I/O intensive . With Norton 360 installed , your disk will be chugging away constantly as Norton scans just about every nook and cranny on your PC 365 days a year . This alone is a major minus point when there is an expectation that a security suite like Norton should run silently in the background.On the other hand , there 's some aspects of 360 which work fairly well
 Like others , I had high hopes for this product . I have been a Norton user for years and while their products do slow things down some , often they are doing a number of good things for you so I was always willing to make the trade off.Not here . This program slowed my system down so much I could not believe it !!! Plus , the comparisons between Norton 360 and Norton Systemworks Premier on the Symantec website are misleading . It led me to believe that Norton 360 had the same level of PC tuning as Systemworks . Not true.Save your money . Maybe Symantec will learn not to introduce crap !!!
 I have been using Norton products since the early 80s , without a problem , but have always hated how invasive the software is - I figured it was probably a necessity and it was never anything I could n't live with or that affected system performance . However , 360 is the pits ! I recently had to renew my Norton Antivirus subscription - as noted by many for Norton products , this renewal notice sneakily came several weeks before the due date , but I figured I 'd go ahead anyway and upgrade from straight AV to 360 while I was at it . What a hideous piece of cr * p this is ! The first thing I noticed was that my system performance had been affected - hard to quantify exactly how , or even how much , but you know your own machine and you know when it 's feeling seedy !! In addition , 360 is dumbed down to the extent that you can not configure even the most BASIC options , such as -LRB- say -RRB- a scanning schedule - you are limited to weekly , monthly or manual - no option for daily or even a time of day , just `` when your computer is inactive '' , whatever that means - that you have n't typed anything for 10 minutes , or what ?? Anyway , after installing , everything I opened to do with the Internet had been invaded by obtrusive Norton stuff and I had innumerable problems with my browser that drove me nuts . On the bright side , after chasing fruitlessly around the Symantec website looking for somewhere to return the product -LRB- as I knew I could -RRB- I called Symantec here in Australia , was n't even put on hold , and was refunded in full immediately and pleasantly . I went back and bought NAV 2007 - so far so good .
 I have had more trouble with this software than any other software I have purchased . The online backup is a joke . I bought more online storage space because I received a message saying I needed it , but then I could never get it activated . Whenever I try to backup online , I get a message telling me some of the files could not be backed up . Tech support was useless . My computer has been `` acting up '' ever since I installed this software . Do n't buy this product ; you 'll be sorry if you do .
 I have not used Symantec products on my main PC for over a dozen years because every product I tried had been filled with problems . Either they slowed my computer to unacceptable levels , or were bug-ridden . PC Magazine which must have an interest in Symantec based on their reviews , convinced me to try Norton 360 . On the surface everything seems to work just fine ; but if you run email checkin turned on , at least with Outlook as your email program , every time you receive an email , Norton creates a junk file in your root directory . The files are not large ; but if you receive a lot of emails you will eventually run out of disk space . The only options are to constantly delete these files or turn off email checking in Norton . After many gours of working with several techs at Norton , one finally admitted that the program was working as designed and the issue was not a problem . It looks like Symantec has struck again with another half-baked product .
 After installing Norton 360 my computer 's performance went downhill . Boot time took about 5-9 mins , programs were slow to load and often stalled . Once I uninstalled the product , performance was back to normal . Basically this is junk .
 This product is easily the worst thing Semnatec has ever offered . As far as I know it is the worst firewall available . It is so bad that I nuked it 2 days after install . Can you imagine a `` firewall '' that makes your computer LESS secure than it was before ? This one does ! Here are just a few of the things Norton 360 does that it should n't and does n't do what it should :1 -RRB- It will not work properly unless you permanently activate both its own live update AND Microsoft 's automatic updates , thus making your computer vulnerable to attack by both those companies . You will randomly have your CPU performance raped while your machine `` updates '' on somebody else 's schedule -LRB- you 've never lived until a tape backup that takes 20 hours to complete is aborted after 19 hours 55 minutes or a DVD burn fails , ruining a $ 1.50 blank disk , because CPU recourses are kidnapped -RRB- and Mr. Gates will eventually install changes to your operating system that will break something you need and you will have no clue as to why your machine stopped working .2 -RRB- It will not allow you to block individual programs you use from accessing the internet without your permission . Therefore , every time you view a Real Player clip , your computer will access the Real site and download ads . Same for dozens of other programs .3 -RRB- While it purports to have a `` tune-up '' function , do n't think it emulates Norton 's SystemWorks . The only `` tune-up '' function 360 has is a disk defragmenter , which duplicates the one you already have from Microsoft . Even if Norton 's works better , it is n't $ 75 better . Absent is any sort of registry optimizer , or anything else useful .4 -RRB- It will not allow you to block internet access totally for a period of time while you try out some new program you do n't want calling anything up from the web . Thus , you are required to unplug your network cable and endure Windows ' complaining about that . Good luck if you are wireless!I could go on , but four fatal flaws is enough , do n't you think ? Do n't even consider this dog !
 I 've used Norton products that worked in the past . This one does n't . Live update is one thing that doesnt work , and also the security warnings from sites I know are ok ... and the computer runs very slowly , the webpages load very slowly.I 'm afraid to try anything , as most of what I have read about other folks more techie than me trying to fix their computers seems to make it go from bad to worse . It seems norton ought to be held accountable for making so many computers work poorly or not work at all.Just do n't buy it .
 My new laptop came with a free version of Norton , which worked great . When the freebie expired , I opted for Norton 360 . It worked for about a week . I was eventually unable to run LiveUpdates because of a message saying it is already running . Now , I ca n't even run my scans or anything else . I am essentially locked out ! When seeking support , it tried to fix the problem itself , but gave me an error of some problem with my license . I emailed the support team and accidentally gave them both of my email addresses for this problem . Funny how I got 2 different fixes from 2 different people ! Have n't had time yet to try either one ! Hopefully one will work . Am seriously considering uninstalling the program and going with something else , but hate to waste the $ 60 . Save your money and go with another program .
 When I read about this program and the price they were asking I was amazed . My amazemen soon turned to frustration . It is not supported by Vista . Unfortunately the price of this software was so low that it did not pay to return it . What did come through Vista was unusable but looked highly interesting . It 's a shame they should 've told me it was n't for VistaPrint Workshop 2005 .
 My experience with PCMover was horrible , when using it to migrate from an XP system to a new Win 7 Pro 64-bit computer this last week . It was only about 70 % effective -LRB- some of that was due to program incompatibility -RRB- , but it 's biggest sin was the effect it had on the Windows Firewall . Now that could be a Windows problem -LRB- no surprise there -RRB- but forums talking about this particular issue that disables the firewall showed that many of us had one thing in common , we used PC Mover to migrate.And when I went to fix my old XP system , I used it again to create a `` moving van '' which was saved on a removable drive . It was incredibly slow and even restoring it back onto a fresh XP disc volume resulted in bunches of problems with apps.Sure , if you want to transfer data only , no problem . When it comes to apps , though , it messed up my Windows installations and dropped the ball on my software . I 'm looking elsewhere next time .
 I downloaded PCMover Professional and was very disappointed with the results . I tried moving the software and documents using a USB cable and only a few of the applications moved successfully . Then I tried moving using an external hard drive and this only produced an error . It would be better to just move your documents using an external hard drive and reinstall the applications .
 I tried PCMover in a move from a Vista32 machine to another Vista32 machine , and was pretty disappointed . It did a good job with superficial stuff like wallpaper and bookmarks - but only a few of the applications worked after the move . Some particularly important software , such as my printer drivers , would not work , and would not re-install , even after a full uninstall/clean/re-install cycle . It failed every time with an obscure error in some DLL file . Since it mentioned VC80 libraries , I tried to install the Microsoft VC compiler straight from Microsoft - which would n't install either . When standard MS off-the-shelf sw can not be installed , it told me the computer was pretty confused . I ended up re-formatting and re-installing from scratch.Overall , it was a wasted effort . I really wish someone could solve this -LRB- apparently very difficult -RRB- problem !
 I recently purchased this item for my Fiance to move his programs from his old laptop to his new desktop . Instructions did n't seem very clear , and he ended up having to uninstall/reinstall several times . The programs my fiance uses for work are very large ; to be honest I was n't expecting this software to really move everything . It did however move some of the programs from the old laptop to the new desktop ... Overall it was not what we wanted and not what we needed . Someone else may however benefit from it .
 I bought this product to migrate information from my old computer to my brand new Dell Inspiron 15 . Windows XP to Windows XP . I tried 4 times , twice with the assistance of a friend who is an IT person , and twice with the `` assistance '' of Laplink 's `` technical support '' . In every instance , the program caused my Internet Explorer to crash , plus a variety of other program difficulties . Each time , I would have to uninstall the program and do a system restore on my new computer . After the last unsuccessful trial , I was unable to get everything uninstalled or do a system restore , because the new computer was so fouled up . I had to contact Dell technical support , do a system re-stall to return the computer to its factory settings , and then I reinstalled each of my program separately and paid a computer repair shop to transfer my data . Laplink PC mover is awful and hazardous to computers !
 MAY BE GOOD FOR XP TO XP , BUT SINCE NEW SYSTEMS WITH XP ARE NEXT TO IMPOSSIBLE TO GET , IN MY OPINION THIS WAS A WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY . IF I HAD ONLY WANTED PHOTOS AND FILES MOVED , I COULD HAVE DONE THIS `` THE HARD WAY '' WITH CDS OR DVDS , WHICH WOULD HAVE TAKEN ABOUT THE SAME AMOUNT OF TIME -LRB- AND LESS MONEY -RRB- AS THIS COST ME ... . HOPE ANYONE ELSE BUYING PCMOVER IS MORE SATISFIED WITH IT THAN I. . . GOOD LUCK !
 Tried to use this on a selective basis to move one program . It moved many many unrelated files at random . After use I had to repartition hard drive and reinstall Win XP .
 Dreadful experience from start to finish . The transfer failed 5 times with the rather unhelpful error message `` PCmover has encountered and error and needs to close '' . On-line support instantly suggested enabling logging at both ends , trying it again , and then sending the log files to the developers who would be in touch in `` a day or so '' . Obviously I was n't the first fool to pay them to help them develop their product.The value proposition is the product will save you time and effort , and is therefore worth spending the money on . The reality is you do n't save any time , and you still spent the money . My advice would be to save your money , spend more time looking for your original disks , and move manually .
 I got the PCMover Moving Kit to transfer my files and programs from my Dell desktop running Windows XP to my new Dell desktop running windows 7 . The PCMover Moving Kit box says `` Works with Windows 7 '' right on the front . I tried doing the migration several times , including some attempts where I only attempted to move 5 or 6 well known programs like Adobe Acrobat . Each time the program said my migration was complete . It automatically rebooted my Windows 7 machine . The Windows 7 machine would get as far as the Windows start-up screen , then the screen would go blank . I had to shut the machine down using the power button , restart in safe mode and undo the migration before the Windows 7 OS would function normally again . I finally ended up using Carbonite to restore my files and folders -LRB- thank goodness I had been using it on my old machine -RRB- . I 'm still stuck having to reinstall my software , some of which I will have to re-purchase . This `` moving kit '' can be compared to hiring high school kids to move your precious personal items . Expect lots of headaches . Save your money .
 I 've used earlier versions of this software and it has been effective . However , moving my XP machine to Win7 , PCMover just is n't up to the task . I tried five times and after waiting more than 24 hours , I get a message that it did n't transfer ! Customer service is a joke . They say to look at the quick start guide . I do n't know if it 's Microsoft or LapLink , but they should just not sell the product if it does n't work .
 I used the new version this software to transfer from a computer with Vista to a new one with Windows 7 . I 'm not super computer savvy but I 'm pretty good at moving from one computer to the other . I did everything I was supposed to do and the transfer took about 6 hours . The problem was that I was moving from the 32 to a 64 and iTunes got corrupted in the transfer . I could n't uninstall , reinstall - or do anything - and I need it for my phone . After 3 hours of phone time with tech support -LRB- for iTunes , not the software -RRB- , we all admitted defeat and I had to restore the new computer to factory settings , start completely over , and make the move manually . I 'm not saying this was the software 's fault , it may have been a function of moving from 32 bit to 64 bit but I will never again use software to move programs . Files yes , programs no . The whole experience cost me the price of the software and about 12 extra hours of time .
 Buyer Beware ! Before you buy this product download the 20 page user 's manual and read page 2 . You will find out that it is not so easy . Laplink 's marketing states that `` Simply install PCMover on both your old and new computers and go ! '' Not so!After I read the user 's manual , I saw how complicated it really was so I waited until I knew I had a day to try the software . I waited a few months to block out the time and tried it and gave up . This was after the 30 day return policy . However , I did n't download the software until the day before I requested the refund.Buyer Beware . I tried to explain my problems and concerns and asked for a refund . All I got was a `` stone walling '' support staff person named `` Bobbie Anne . `` I suggest you write the files you want to move on disc or other storage device and move it to your new computer . Good luck !
 This software is a nightmare ... that is the short version . . this is not anything a beginner wants to try and even if you are tech saavy you can still forget it . It stops , starts , and thinks your files are there when they are not . . after 12 HOURS of trying to transfer 122 GB to a new Machine with Windows 7 . . it still was not 1/8 through but it would say it was . I would then find my files in a large heap for me to sort out and things I unchecked NOT to be moved -LRB- like Dell utilities since my new computer was an HP -RRB- STILL WERE MOVED.luckily I logged in here to find out NOT to do a rollback even though that was an option since it seemed to make things worse for most people . . so I just restored my entire system . . since it was new it was not a problem.I called tech support . . forget it . . I decided to go on the website to get live chat . . I got `` M '' who tried to walk me through it but the attitude was annoying , even in chat he acted like I was the village idiot . . all of the sudden my screen went blank ... I logged back in to get `` V '' . . I told `` V '' I had been chatting with `` M '' and he had stome steps . . `` V '' said . . -LRB- direct quote -RRB- . . `` his shift was over so he logged off and left . . I am off in 10 minutes and need to catch my car pool so lets wrap this up in 10 okay ? '' I am NOT making this up.Needless to say I was still staring at a screen and cables . . whats worse is they kept sending me links to read that I read already which is WHY I contacted them in the first place.Anyway thats half a day I am never getting back ... I have Clickfree and used it before and I should have stuck with that ... I ended up doing it that way adn it took me all of 2 hours to move everything from two computers to one laptop with a large drive.Live and learn . . but do n't make the same mistake . . as one reviewer mentioned . . she could take a nice long vacation and come back and it still would be transferring files . . she is not kidding . . in short AVOID THIS PRODUCT.I have been told this used to be a good product . . well I can attest that has changed if that was the case .
 PC Mover was fairly easy to use , but was worse than useless . It successfully migrated a few simple applications , but not the more complicated ones . It left the PC in a state where I could not install over the failed apps to fix them , nor could I successfully delete them to reinstall from scratch . Lots of time and effort down the drain , not to mention the steep price .
 Tried to use this on a clean install of Windows 7 from a Windows XP for hours and hours over about 5 days . Got some tech help too . Finally used the free transfer software from microsoft and was done in about 3 hours . Had to reinstall some software , but not really a big deal . Wo n't buy anything from Laplink again
 My wife and I recently got new PCs , both exactly alike . We were both on Windows XP on our old computers and moving to new Windows 7 Ultimate PCs . I chose to go old school and do the migration manually . She had purchased a `` helper '' DVD that contained LapLink PC Mover -LRB- the latest version supposedly for Win 7 . -RRB- Her move appeared to go well -LRB- or so she said -RRB- as it did its thing but took hours to get it done . Once completed , her new PC 's Outlook and other software were supposed to be moved . That 's when the fun started . Lots of missing parameters , error messages and a HUGE mess in the registry . Outlook contacts and email were a disaster . She called me in a panic and since I was out of town , I had no idea how to help her.Out of desperation she decided to use PC Mover 's `` Undo '' feature . The mess turned into an all out catastrophe with LOTS of lost or corrupted data on BOTH PCs . Now , we ca n't get to any of her emails on the OLD PC either ! When attempting to access old Outlook data through the . PST or . OST files , we get error messages stating that the files are corrupt . License keys , account names and info , Quickbooks data , etc. etc. . All gone or unreachable.She did a backup of what she thought she needed to -LRB- like QB data -RRB- so we were MANUALLY able to get some important data back but her Outlook files which are of critical importance are there on the old PCs HDD but corrupted beyond availability.If you value your data , your PC , and/or your sanity - stay as far away from this nightmarish software as you can . I wish I could give negative stars , as based on our experience one is WAY too many for this POS as far as we 're concerned . I have not used LapLink products in years but used to think very highly of them . Now ... well , never again . ` Nuff said .
 What a headache and a waste of time and money ! I used this product to transfer from an XP desktop to a new Vista desktop . Getting it to transfer in the first place was a frustrating , time consuming struggle , involving an online chat with tech support , who was marginally helpful at best . They resolved the issue by having me switch ends of the transfer cable , which has NO MARKINGS to indicate that it makes any difference which way it is connected . After several tries the transfer worked . 14 hours later it was done . I then started to explore the new computer to find that almost none of the transferred software worked . Those that did work , such as photoshop , were unable to open any of the associated files that were transferred with them . I tried uninstalling and reinstalling several applications to find that they would not work at all because PCMover had changed OS settings . I talked with tech support for several software apps and they could not understand why they would n't work . I was advised that PCMover had corrupted the OS , and that I would need to erase and recover the hard drive . I am now in the process of doing that . Hopefully PCMover has n't completely trashed my new PC . With any luck I will be starting fresh tomorrow at square one where I was before I ever installed this crap software.Save yourself a lot of time and aggravation by just manually re-installing your software and transferring your necessary files . I wish I had .
 I consider myself pretty handy with computers and figured that I could migrate programs/data from my old XP machine to my new Win7 PC in an afternoon or so . But , after catching a good review in Barron 's of PCMover I decided that shelling out the $ $ $ s for the program would give me that afternoon back . How wrong could I be.PC Mover successfully moved over 400GB of data -LRB- pictures/videos -RRB- via crossover ethernet cable , although it took over 15 hours . However , it struggled in transferring many common programs . iTunes and Mozy -LRB- online backup -RRB- were the most problematic as PCMover had copied across registry entries from my old 32bit PC on to my new 64bit machine and that created no end of headaches and wasted hours . I also had to re-install Eye-Fi , Firefox ... and probably Adobe Photoshop Elements ... it 's a week after the transfer and I 'm still finding problems.PCMover Support/FAQ is no help . Luckily there are solutions posted online to help you fix the issues , but this should NOT be happening with paid software ! I can not recommend this software .
 Hoping to move my notebook from XP to Windows 7 as an `` in place '' upgrade -LRB- multiple partitions on the same hard drive -RRB- without reinstalling applications , I wasted two days and $ 60 on these two LapLink products . Instructions were confusing , and the migration of the `` moving van '' with all my applications stalled , inexplicably , each time I tried . Got bounced off LapLink on-line chat each time I asked for help . Wound up using Microsoft 's free Easy File Transfer to move my data and settings , after which reinstalling the apps was comparatively easy -- the Microsoft utility easily moved my email , calendar info , etc. which was most crucial for me.Great idea , Laplink , but did n't work at all for me .
 this software moved over things that it should n't have and caused compatability errors !!! it made the CDrom drive disappeari had to undo everything and start over with a flashdriveWASTE OF TIME AND MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 When I bought this for $ 29.95 I thought I was getting a deal since it lists at $ 59 . But when I got it I was really irritated . Nowhere in the description does it say that you can only use the software for one transfer , period ! When you install it , you burn the serial number and it 's all over . So , if you are a computer tech , like me , this is not a reusable tool . Oh , you can certainly BUY another license . But that 's absurd in my book . This is like buying a word processor that you can only make one document with . Or a hammer you can only build one project with . Laplink , pull your greedy heads out of your @ $ $ ! So , I never used the software . I immediately repackaged it and got an RMA to send it back . You have been warned !
 I bought this software thinking that moving my files
 I used PCmover to move all the applications from my old Windows 2000 notebook to a new Windows XP notebook using the included USB cable . At first PCmover connected right up and started moving files over . Then , for no apparent or well explained reason , an error message popped up and the move failed . It was easy to roll back the migration and try again and the second attempt appeared to succeed . However , from that point on XP on the new notebook was hosed . Applications like Windows Update , ZoneAlarm and the Eclipse software development environment did not work correctly . Windows update could no longer install updates , when ZoneAlarm started up it would consume nearly all the CPU , and the Eclipse environment did not work correctly . That would n't have been a huge issue except that UNINSTALL no longer worked . The applications could not be uninstalled . And other base windows functions no longer worked right . For example , it took 30 seconds for Windows Explorer to start and pressing the shortcut keys to bring up the desktop worked erratically . After spending days trying to get the environment working correctly I ended up wiping the drive and reinstalling everything from scratch . PCmover was a complete waste of time and money and I would n't recommend it to anyone .
 Bought the product to move all my stuff from a XP computer to a new Vista one . After fooling around for some time I was getting an error message telling me that my operating system was not compatable . I contacted Laplink and they indeed do know that ther software will not work on a Vista computer , so unless you are transfering to an older XP system this software is useless . The line on the box says `` The Easiest Way to Move into a Windows XP or Vista PC ! '' That is a lie !!! And of course since I have opened and installed the software it is no longer returnable . So let the waste of my $ 65.00 keep you from wasting yours !
 -LRB- PS You do NOT want me to do a VIDEO review of this product , the FCC would file a lawsuit due to all of the expletives within it ! -RRB- A client needed to transfer data from their `` old '' computer to a `` new '' computer . Both computers were MSWinXPsp2 . The `` new '' was brand new -LRB- Dell Vostro 200 -RRB- and had nothing on it , plus I removed all junk put on by vendor prior to transfer . -LRB- The `` old '' was a Sony VAIO laptop . -RRB- I proceed to install PCmover on both computers . I then start the software running on both computers.First problem appears . I hooked up the included USB cable -LRB- as compared to using the network to transfer , because USB2 is faster than networking , right ? -RRB- . Well , it turns out it the cable WAS N'T a USB2 cable but rather a USB1 .1 cable . WHO THESE DAYS packages USB1 .1 cables ? That mistake cost me TONS of time -LRB- more below , continue reading -RRB- . . The `` new '' computer starts first , telling me to hook up the cable at both ends and start the `` old '' computer . That was fast ! THEN I start the `` old '' computer . Well , it must 've taken me 15 minutes to get thru all of the questions , options , etc. . And the worst of it was that it appeared to start running , I went away 10 minutes for coffee , only to return to find it asking MORE questions prior to starting!Once running it was VERY slow . 4 + hours estimated for 4GB of data . At the 1.5 hour point I go online to look for help , find out about the USB1 .1 -LRB- not USB2 -RRB- cable , stop the process which must 've added to my problems -LRB- more below , continue reading -RRB- . I restart , enter 15 minutes of options YET AGAIN , and run it over the network . AH HA , MUCH faster.Not long later the process hangs . Again looking for help online , I find it hangs for MANY reasons -LRB- just look for yourself , you 'll see -RRB- . I think this restart again contributed to my problems -LRB- more below , continue reading -RRB- . OK . It 's finally done . My client is hovering above me . I reboot the computer , it starts coming up . Error messages everywhere . Finally it arrives in Windows . I attempt to start Outlook , Word , and other client-required applications . The computer hangs . No way out . I can repeat the behaviour , after many reboots . The computer is completely corrupted.The client is FURIOUS with me . I 've kept him off his computer all day long . Now , I HAD created an operating system restore point PRIOR to doing this process . So I restore the system prior to the process . Turns out the system restore point logs were CORRUPTED by PCmover , too!Next step would have to be to return the Dell to its factory default settings . That 's not a big deal to do , as prior to running the process I had only applied Windows Updates . But now I wo n't be doing this . I WAS IMMEDIATELY FIRED BY THE CLIENT . THEN LATER MY PLACEMENT AGENCY FIRED ME!GEE , THANX PCMOVER ! - You destroyed my client 's computer ! HOPEFULLY the factory default settings restore will work ! - You cost my client an entire day of work ! - I will NOT charge my client for my `` work '' that day ; oops , I mean WASTE OF TIME . - YOU COST ME MY JOB ! - I personally paid for your software so of course I will not be reimbursed by the client.OH , and folks , the software is for ONE AND ONLY ONE USE ! -LRB- Not that I 'd ever use it again . -RRB- It 's keyed via the parent company servers.SO IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A MISERABLE DAY AND REMAINDER OF LIFE , PURCHASE AND USE PCMOVER !!!
