 I dont know why people are having problem in using this product . I would rate myself an expert in MS Word and an intermediate level user of LaTeX processing system . But this software is not about formatting and design aspects of resume it 's also about effectively writing one and more importantly organizing one.The interface is very intutive and well organised and it gives you tons of formatting and designing options for changing resume 's layout without even worrying about the contents . I have not gone through the Cover Letter section or any other value added feature of the package . Simply by using the resume section i am satisfied or should i say more than satisfied with the product . You can also export your resume 's in word format or even in html or other electronic forms for publishing it online.For anybody who cares about his resume this is a highly recommended piece of software .
 The new ResumeMaker 11.0 is very good , I especially like the interview segment because it gives concrete examples . I work in a busy high school and this allows students to work independently . I also like the fact that you can now go in and edit fonts , spacing etc. . As I have said this is the best product on the market . It still amazes me that the price is so reasonable . Our students always have the most professional looking resumes to present to employers when using this software program .
 The new ResumeMaker 11.0 is awesome , I especially like the interview segment because it gives concrete examples . I work in a busy high school and this allows students to work independently . I also like fact that can now go in and edit font , spacing etc. . As I have said before you have the best product on the market . It still amazes me that the price is so reasonable . Thank for allowing me to preview the ResumeMaker 11.0 . Our students always have the most professional looking resumes to present to employers when using your software program .
 I had read the reviews on several resume programs and was real confused on which to buy . But something just kept bringing me back to this product and man am i glad i did it is a fantastic product easy to use and very user friendly . i recommend this product to anyone it just makes the resume experience seem so easy .
 I just bought today the 12th version of this product and it is great . I finished updating my resume and creating a totally new cover letter within a 30-minute time frame . It is easy to use and very informative . Great buy !!! The only flaw is that when exporting to Word you will have to realign the contents as it does not export exactly as you worked it on the software .
 Every item I purchsed works great and was delivered in a timely manner without any damage . Thank you for your great service .
 This is definatley aimed for business production , not personal use . It made my cd writer go much faster , but only when I copied many CD 's . It was useful though .
 Requirements or rather reccomended systems are rather high but if you have a recommended system and the burner and reader are compatible this program is more than adequate for the beginner.Although Nero is nice with all it 's bells and whistles and control panels and options Mediaworks or just Pyro are miles ahead in terms of simplicity . My Mom has a copy as well as myself .
 Microsoft excel os better than the original becuase on the office pacage there are very few graphs to choose from , , but in the new upgraded version there are tons of new graphs to choose from wich can be very helpful for reports , projects , etc. .
 We have been using Quicken99 sense it first came out . We tried some of the new versions but still like the simpleness of Quicken99 .
 For the 2nd time , we absolutely loved the product and the prompt delivery . But had we wished to usethe product online rather than off-line , it lacked the necessary product ID needed toregister it .
 Write a review about the Quicken Basic 99 Windows is very ease . In my country , Brazil , the better homebanks has compatibles Quicken 's files . Actualy , the time is very short and Quicken is the solution .
 I think this is a great product that can help you in a number of ways . The most important is that it can help you create the presentation of a lifetime . Even if you have no experience making presentations , it is easy to learn . And if you are experienced , it gives you options not available in other presentation software .
 This is the identical , acclaimed software that usually comes bundled with the purchase of a Global Village internal or external modem . It 's been reconfigured with special modem scripts and device instructions to work with the stock modem pre-installed in your Mac . Compared with FaxSTF , the fax software bundled with most new iMacs , GlobalFax is obviously superior . Although at first glance it seems to lack some of FaxSTF 's features , it 's more elegant , intuitive , stable , and therefore Mac-like . The most often used components of the addressbook and setup software are neatly packaged in the same dialog box , and the progress bar appears in the Mac menu instead of cluttering up the screen . It can be configured to sense the difference between a regular incoming call and a fax . When you 've received a fax , a small icon flashes in place of the AppleMenu icon . Otherwise operation is mostly transparent . There are a few things I could gripe about . I wish there were a preference to keep the last phone destination loaded . The look of the interface has n't changed in years - it could use a cosmetic facelift . But for roughly 40 bucks I 'd say this is a really worthwhile improvement , especially if you tend to fax to and from your Mac a lot .
 Debabilizer is a very serious tool for those who must deal with and standardize multiple formats for output . With over 100 or more inbound file formats and equal weight on the outbound side this is a serious product for production file conversion . Scripting and batch processing make this the tool of choice for high volume output . If you have one or two images to convert or maintain , tools of less depth will do - this is a serious tool for serious production .
 It 's really fun . Lots of levels and I 've gone through all of them 2 times already . I never get tired of playing this game .
 Great game . Wonderful graphics , an amusing backstory , a stuffy British archeologist who thinks he 's a comedian -LRB- lots of groans . -RRB- in a Mayan jungle adventure . You can try a free trial version at www.lobstersoft.com to see what its about . It really challenges the mind , almost without one realizing it !
 This game really gives you the opportunity to use your grey matter ! It is fun and exciting when you correctly figure out where all the `` bombs '' are.My only complaint is that the numbers , denoting the format for the rows and columns , are almost impossible to read when you reach Stage 13 , 30X30 format . I have already submitted this issue to their customer service dept and am hoping I will get an answer soon .
 Gemsweeper plays on your Windows PC , so it has a great big screen and does n't need any kind of zoom-in mode for larger puzzles . There is a typical casual-games `` Quest mode '' which , like in most casual games , progresses in difficulty way too slowly . You can play through 5 `` temples '' of 10 levels each and even though the puzzles get much larger , they are n't much more difficult.Pros : * Solid interface * Quick in/out play , much faster than most PC casual games * It 's PicrossCons : * Difficulty just is n't there * The jokes the Professor/narrator character tells are really lame * No head-to-head online play featureTwo of the downsides are n't really downsides as much as taste , so the score is 3 to 1 here in favor of the upsides .
 I purchased Sentry At Home because it was recommended to me from a friend . This software is tops ! I kept hearing about it 's web based features and until you use it , you really ca n't comprehend what it means . Being able to see my kids online activities from my work computer and not having to go back to their computer makes life easy . I highly recommend this software to protect you kids online .
 This software is wonderful ! I have been trying to find a good program to scrapbook digitally for many years . I 've tried Broderbund -LRB- sp ? -RRB- whose interface was too clumsy , Nova which was rather difficult at times -LRB- many things you ca n't do -RRB- and now this . When I first took this out of the package and installed it I thought I had made the wrong decision with this software since there were very , very few backgrounds , templates or embellishements even when I opened the Xtras CDs that came with this . I truly did not feel the Xtras CDs were worth purchasing since there are very few things on them . But then I found the tutorials that are included on the CD and watched the one about making collages . I did n't get halfway through the video - I had figured out how to do it . I have now created some of the best scrapbook pages I 've ever made . Within hours I had a beautiful collage/letter to send with my holiday cards . My husband 's first impression was a heartfelt `` It 's lovely '' . What has so throughly convinced me of the abilities of this software is that I can take ANY image and make it a background , I can create and manipulate text almost any way I want , I 've been able to create my own embellishments as well as using downloaded embellishments from websites that sell it -LRB- . png format -RRB- . I feel like I have no limitations on what I can do now . I imagine this software is not as sophistacated as Adobe Illustrator , but then it probably is n't as complicated to use -LRB- from what I remember that program has a rather steep learning curve -RRB- . You can also use the eyedropper tool to `` pick up '' any color from any picture , background , or element -LRB- read `` anything '' -RRB- in the program . I was able to take the background colors and make embellishments that matched ! I can take a color from one of my pictues and make a background that matches . You can also remove backgrounds from photos - it takes a bit of time to do , but the area around the image will be transparent - this functionality has many uses . You can also save your files in many different formats including . jpg for file sharing , etc. . There are so many more features I could n't possibly list them here , nor would you want me too -LRB- too much time -RRB- . If you only use premade templates and do n't feel ready to venture out on your own yet this software may not be for you unless you find a website that sells templates for this software . You could start with something like Nova Scrapbook Factory Deluxe 3.0 , which I liked , and when you start becoming really frustrated by its limiations it may be time to move up to this program . You may also want to read a book about digital scrapbooking to give you ideas and alert you to possibilities.The great thing about this program is that it is n't just for scrapbooking . You can do all your photo manipulation in it . I have always liked Paint Shop Pro so much that I have n't been able to afford to upgrade my copy since version 6 , but I kept using that version . I 'm so glad I got version 10 as it is very user friendly too . But please know that version 10 -LRB- which comes with this package -RRB- is not the most recent version . Version 11 is out now . If you do n't want/need the Xtras CDs that come with this package you may want to just buy the most recent version and buy some embellishements from a website that makes . png files -LRB- portable network graphics format -RRB- or make your own.I hope you have as much fun with this software as I am having . I highly recommend the training videos on the CD - they really help .
 I purchased this reference about six months ago . It has been one of the best refereneces I have ever used . To have access to all the cross references for reading while I 'm reading a particular book is wonderful . This tool has been wonderful for my Men 's Bible studies . I am always able to give a complete study of a particular chapter , with references to maps , cross-references , and the commentaries . Granted I could do that before I had this software , but doing it this way saves me hours.I only wish I had purchased the Scholars edition so that I could look up the greek and hebrew words and get a better understanding as to what the direct translation is saying.Long story short . An excellent value for all the references that you get !
 I had no problem figuring out the software interface . The commentaries and parallel translations are great . I have used the study guide to develop sermon outlines . It would take a stack of books 6 feet tall to equal the resources available . The NIV is not public domain like so many older translations so you do n't find as many programs available . Kudos to Zondervan for developing such a good NIV resource .
 I was trying to find a Bible software that would help me with my daily Bible study . One major requirement was that it had to be NIV , because that is the version I like to use.At first , I was a little disappointed with the software . The instructions are greatly lacking , but with much trail and error , I finally got everything to work . I know have the various Bibles linked and all the commentaries and resource books . So now when I 'm looking at a verse , all the other books adjust to the verse I 'm on . Makes it very easy to review numerous resources with very little effort.If you want a great way to research the Bible , I would highly recommend this software . Just remember , the instructions are some what lacking , but with a little effort one can adjust the settings and have the program customized just for your needs .
 I looked long and hard for Bible Study software of this quality . I have had a Microsoft Reader verion of the NIV for a couple years now , but when I went to copy and paste , the copy-protection prevented be from extracting so much as a single verse.I looked a a variety of packages with one non-negotiable requirement in mind -- it had to have the NIV . Beyond that I would appreciate other modern translations , but not be too picky.It has a good search facility , synchronized scrolling between Bible versions as well as commentaries , a good GUI and a wealth of resources , many of which I may never get around to using.My only quibble is navigation -- it is not always intuitive how to get back to a previous view .
 I have been using Lotus123 since the 1970 's . I started with Apple 's Visicalc , and then was introduced to Lotus ' Symphony program . Wow ! There was almost nothing that could not be done with this program - Spreadsheet , documents , charts , even database -LRB- which I never learned how to do well -RRB- . But , like most good things , Symphony died a slow death as Lotus continued to improve their basic program - 123 . The biggest competition for Lotus turned out to be Microsoft 's Excel . Excellent program that mirrors Lotus123 in many ways . I believe it 's popularity came to being because it was sold as a package with Microsoft , not because it was superior to Lotus.I found lotus to be fast . I still use a the back-slash key for many functions rather than using the mouse . Using it in combination with the mouse really makes my computer smoke . People who are only beginning to use Lotus find that I sometimes am not a good teacher because they watch the screen , and my hands move so fast they do n't know what I did -LRB- they were waiting for the mouse pointer to show them -RRB- . I also find the printing aspects of Lotus to be far superior to Excel for ease in using . One window , and all your printing commands are there . Excel you have to use two or more windows many times to set up fixed rows and/or columns.Well , I have rambled enough about how I feel about the greatest gift to finance since the red pencil - Lotus 123 . If you have any doubts about this program , email me . Over 20 years of using it and I still consider myself a novice . An advanced novice , but none-the-less a novice . Thank you for letting me review Lotus , and I hope this will convince you that if you do anything related to finance , you ca n't do better than Lotus 123 .
 I have used Freelance and PowerPoint and find them equally easy to use . The progam is easy to use and creates great presentation materials
 MS-DOS . What more can you say ? It 's fast , stable and was the work horse of PC 's for years . However , if you still use DOS -LRB- even sometimes -RRB- like I do you should try IBM 's PC-DOS 2000 . It 's just as stable , a bit faster , uses less memory and it has been brought up to date . MS-DOS is good . You ca n't go wrong with it . But PC-DOS 2000 is better . If you 're updating give it a try .
 When I got my new version of MS-DOS I was suprised at all of the new features it had . If you like to work in DOS and have an older version , I highly recomend that you buy this product .
 SysMech5 may have been superseded , but this is the most cost effective way to keep Windows registry in tune . This 1 year old version does a great job on the 5 year old WinXP operating system . No need to spend more.I particularly like their ability to control those pesky Windows start-up applications . Windows performs like new again - no need to erase all and reload from scratch.The low price of this older version enabled me to purchased System Mechanic for all computers in my office .
 Triazzle provides years of entertainment value at many levels
 I 've used AutoSketch for years . Some mistake this tool for a graphics design tool , which it is not . It is a mechanical or architectural design tool . As such it is simple to use and produces accurate results . We use it in our business daily . I am pleased that they finally solved the printed line weight problem in this new version . If you 're expecting a Visio or Adobe replacement , you misunderstand the product . If you are expecting a simplified version of AutoCAD , this is the product to use .
 I have been an AutoCAD user for about 13 years . In starting my own business , I wanted an inexpensive tool that would allow me to produce 2-D drawings accurately and efficiently with the skills I already have.AutoSketch 9 seems to have all the tools I need , like drawing tools , modifying , layers , blocks , object snaps and inquiries , but the icons are often different than ACAD , and less intuitive . Some of the terminology is apparently designed for non-engineers -LRB- e.g. `` group '' instead of `` block '' , `` transform '' instead of `` modify '' -RRB- , so I have to translate from what I 'm used to . But essentially , it does the job and fit my budget.For comparison , I also downloaded a free 30-day trial of IntelliCAD from Autodsys . I liked the look and feel of it better than Autosketch , but the base cost for the standard version is $ 149 , and I paid around $ 50 for Autosketch through one of Amazon 's 3rd party sellers . So I guess I 'll stick with what I have , unless I get really annoyed by the icons , or find some other limitation I ca n't live with.Added 7/6/06
 A-sketch 9 is a good value for the $ $ . It is NOT an illustrator program , it is for drafting , and if you do n't understand drafting conventions get something else . Most of the specific complaints posted other buyers are invalid and caused by their own misuse . I found it intuative , complete and versatile . The improved layer system is a major plus , and it comes with a bigger built-in library than I expected for the money . It wo n't do 3-D and -LRB- sadly -RRB- does n't have a perspective view capability . But hell , it 's only a hundred bucks ...
 i just jumped from autosketch 7 to 9 . the big thing I notice is layer management has been hugely improved - like in autocad.I am not certain if version 8 had the upgrade or not , but the jump from 7 to 9 was worth it for this alone.I am sold on Autosketch 9
 An excellent basic computer drafting program . User inferface that is not too dificult to pick up , and includes a reasonable collection of symbols . Help is fair . I could use more information fairly often . No programming interface that I have found . No auto-dimensioning . Snaps and alignment are always problematic and there is no solution here.A high bang for the buck item .
 Had QuickCad for years , but Autodesk quit supporting it , so I looked around for another economical CAD program . Settled on AutoSketch9 because it was very similar to QuickCad . I find it very easy to use and it does everything I want in 2D . Does n't have true 3D capability , but I do n't need it . Has many , many functions which I learned after much experimentation . Manual could be better . Working with layers is difficult and certainly not intuitive . All-in-all , a very good CAD program for the cost . More than enough functions for the average user . I planned out an entire sun room addition on my house right down to the stud placements with no problem .
 This program is a straight shooter , right out of the box . Intuitive , and yet , totally customizable . I learned to draft before there was CAD . I 've been a hand drawer ever since because of cost and complication . I completed my first project using AutoSketch 9 in the same -LRB- or less -RRB- estimated time doing it by hand - and I had n't even opened the manual . With an extensive -LRB- very -RRB- library , and total scaleability - This is a home run !!!
 I am very pleased with AutoShetch 9 , it does everything I need , except , it is not compatiable with Symbols 2000 . Amazon sells Symbols 2000 as an add on to AutoSketch , it will not work . If you do n't belive me , check it out at the AutoDesk web site . What it does is well worth the money .
 Needed to replace QuickCad and AutoCad LT was out of my range . So I purchased AutoSketch 9 and have had zero issues with the program . It opens and saves my existing cad drawings with out problems . I particularly like the layer handling capabilities .
 All I expected from a home use CAD . As useful as ones I used before retierment .
 For me , this was an upgrade from QuickCad -LRB- also by Autodesk -RRB- . As a QuickCad user , switching to AutoSketch was a snap . All of the menus are similar , drawing conventions are the same , and it has the same `` feel '' . I found the changes to be improvements in the interface options . Layers can be turned on and off from the drawing page rather than pulling up the layer window . There are better templates for starting a drawing.I use this program for drawing up furniture plans for my woodworking hobby . I found that programs like Autocad , although powerful , were difficult for me to become proficient with limited use . AutoSketch does have a learning curve , but I found it to be a short one and easy to remember how to use between projects .
 Here 's a review that may fall on deaf ears . AutoSketch 9 , Old Version , is no longer available from Autodesk . This old version , however , is terrific for doing quilt designs for the `` Statler Stitcher '' , a special computer driven long arm quilting machine by Gammill . A format change is required , but it is not difficult .
 I actually love this program . It is all I need to make the drawings I need for my remodeling company and make wiring and component diagrams for my rock bands PA system setup scenarios . I also use it to make dimensional drawings for product manufacturing items.Bud
 I have designed and built two houses from plans developed on Autosketch earlier versions . I now use Autosketch 9 at work to create flow diagrams to proof test electronic logic protection circuits for a electrical utility . I find it very satisfactory . Like any other good CAD system there is a huge learning to curve to become very proficient with it although almost anything can be drawn with a few minutes of practice . I am now very comfortable with it and can zip out drawings for wood working projects at home . Once a created a template for a roll top desk top using a large printer and glued it to the wood so I could route the slot and then cut the wood after to an exact edge . I still diplay it in my living room and people comment on the craftsmanship involved . I have designed other project and foreseen the problems to be encountered with clashing corner dimensions and other items beofre having to buy more wood to replace the piece that did n't fit . Measurements can all be done on the computer before the cuts and sweating in the workshop.I like it and would n't be without it . I have n't used AutoCad but people who have say it works just as well except for reduced fancy features that most will never use .
 I purchased this program after trying to install an older version of AutoCadLT that just would n't work with WindowsXP . By the way I paid over $ 500 for that version . I 've used AutoSketch to build a wheel chair ramp and it worked perfectly . This program is everything I will need to get dimensioned drawings for projects that require this type of work . I 'm using it now to see how existing furniture will fit into a new house we 're in the process of buying . So far no complaints - you will have to be familiar with principals of mechanical drafting to get the most from this , but out of the box I was productive and very proficient in a couple of days .
 It works well , but is not AutoCAD LT. I have been a LT user for years and find the change like changing word processors - similar but different . Tutorial was good and helped with changes from LT. I made decent drawing in a few hours after getting it installed .
 I have used AutoSketch since the 1980s before windows when it was a DOS application . I used the DOS version professionally for Nuclear and Electrical Engineering applications in 1989 as well as for home construction projects . I 've most recently been using AutoCAD -LRB- 2008 -RRB- on my work computer so I can make a comparison . There have been loads of advancements to AutoSketch since the first version I had . The first `` Windows '' version I bought -LRB- V6 ? -RRB- frustrated me to no end . Primairly in trying to print . I most recently had been using V8 which was pretty much bug free and ran fine on an older P4 laptop . I 'm now using V9 which I also like quite a bit and still runs fine on my old p4 laptop . It is the most like AutoCad or AutoCad Lt yet -LRB- which my old laptop runs poorly -RRB- . Great layer support and you can finally export as an AutoCAD . DWG file . Not just an . SKD or . DXF file . Also a great reference library . Be prepared for differences though . Primairly , the AutoCAD commands I really like do n't work the same here . I.e. , The single letter commands you type like < C > opy , < M > ove , etc. are different . Or I have n't found how to invoke them . :-RRB- In any case , compared to the cost of even buying AutoCAD LT , let alone taking a small business loan for AutoCAD , AutoSketch is a great product . Quite worth the frustration of any differences it has to it 's big brothers . AutoSketch 10 for Vista is out now but I have n't bought it .
 I have used Autosketch since version 1.0 DOS -LRB- some collector ? -RRB- , and have never find something better for that price . Unfortunately it 's not allowed to be exported to Mexico -LRB- Why Amazon ? -RRB- . My last version is 8.0 , and I hope to find V 9.0 on my next visit to US.I highly recomend it
 Re
 The program is improved over the previous editions . The ease of loading and getting the program up and running on the XP system is Great . New features allow easy entry and changes .
 I bought this program as I have been drawing for years with Windows cad and Quick cad . They worked great on the older windows system but when we upgraded to 2000 xp we started having problems with lock ups . I took a chance -LRB- as Autodesk bought out those companies -RRB- to see if I could access my older . cad extension files . This program will load the old files and save them in a . cad format or the . skf which it normal saves files . The only caution is once you have loaded and saved in the Auto desk auto sketch , you ca n't go backwards . Your old software will not be able to read it . A good drawing package for a good price .
 This is a great program you can use it to make different logos , buttons , and many web projects . It has a lot of different graphics to choose from with a quick Animation that you can scrool through .
 Simon & Schuster New Millenium Encyclopedia & Reference Library is one of the most concise and informative interactive encyclopedias we have seen . It provides all the tools necessary for kids -LRB- and adults -RRB- to do reports for school , and it makes it fun and exciting to learn new things every time we use it . My whole family just loves it and so will yours !
 It may be old and the links really do n`t work more , but it ` s excellent work.I like specially it ` s reference libraries and I use it ` s binder to read eBooks and other web pages . Early it was possible to creat good eBook library on the base of this encyclopedia . Now it ` s unfortunately not possible to install new books more.Andres M&auml;evere -LRB- Vru , Estonia -RRB-
 I 've been a Cubase user for years now and when Cubase went from VST to SX , I was a little hesitant to try it at first . But being the curious person I am , I decided to go down to my local music store and mess around with it . It took me years to learn how to use Cubase VST -LRB- I even had too buy a book at Amazon to help me learn it -RRB- with it 's weird , confusing , non-user-friendly design . It took me minutes to learn Cubase SX . Cubase actually started a whole new program from scratch on this software and so you have a whole new , user-friendly , sequencing design that completely dwarfs the old retired Cubase VST . In conclusion , this program is easily Cubase 's most amazing upgrade . If you want to hear endless hours of my music for free -LRB- Created using Cubase SX -RRB- just go to www.musicmartin.com/cdtwo
 I ordered the Inland Lakes map mainly for the use in Lake Powell . So far , have n't been there yet due to weather , but did use it at Lake Alamo in Arizona . I found it to be of good detail and showed the coves and the river beds in the lake which was very useful . It was installed in my Garmin Nuvi 500 which has a small screen . A much larger viewing screen would be better .
 I got this for my Garmin Nuvi 750 which is not a marine gps . Thought I 'd try to get double duty from it and it works pretty good . Since the 750 is not a marine unit it does n't take full advantage of all the features on the card but works well enough . I think most recreational boaters would be ok with it .
 Ford Racing 3 is definately an improvement over it 's predecessor . There is a much wider range of cars to choose from -LRB- 55 in total -RRB- and it looks as if Empire listened to customers ' criticisms of FR2 , in that there were no classic Ford 's like the Capri and Escort.Thankfully , that 's been rectified in FR3 . There are alot more British Fords now to choose from . I think IGN was very unfair to call the graphics mediocre . They certainly are not . Granted , in night time driving , the headlights are not illuminated very well and the back headlights are non-existent but other than that , the graphics are very impressive.There are 14 championships in total , ranging from Easy to Hard . As you progress , you unlock cars and tracks . The tracks are also original and impressive , from off-road to motorways . Also , the cars ' acceleration and top speed is now much more in keeping with how they perform in real life , unlike FR2 when a '49 Ford was capable of shooting up to 120mph in no time . For those who want a simple and fun arcade racer , I highly recommend this game .
 I am totally thrilled with first the price and second the ease of using the software . I created a brochure for my company in less time then I have spent typing review . Very user friendly and enjoy the product . Do n't need all the graphics and things that may come in later versions , simple is nice .
 Excellent to use on a camera or scanner calibration . If you are doing any color management you need to have this as a reference that you can count on . It can often show you how true the color is that your camera is putting out as well given callibration scripts in Photoshop .
 My little girl just loves this game , she is 4 yrs old and can play it herself with out any adult help . She really enjoys the game alot !
 this was a very fun -LRB- but short -RRB- game and one of the better ppg games to date . the only gripes i have with it how it freezes at times and the animation was kinda . . eh . kids who are fans of the show will love it ! and hey , maybe the adults will enjoy it too .
 This game is awesome ! For the tykes and adult PpG fans as well . Exellent graphics , and very fast gameplay . Unfortunately , on my system , the Direct X movies tend to `` chug '' a bit.Other than that , I highly recomend it ! A 5 Plus !!!
 Garmin Mapsource Inland Lakes is Outstanding , it 's so much easier to Manage Lakes and Topo Maps Electronically than with the Paper system and I can also Make WayPoints and Notes all in one Place.The Only Draw Back is Making Sure I do Backups !!!!!!!!!!
 If you are interested in the details roads for your GPS along with rivers , lakes & streams this is the software to get . Best price also .
 I 've got a Garmin 478 w / all the coast charts included . US Inland Lakes completes the charts for all US and coastal waters . It 's a great product with much detail.The first concern is that not all lakes are represented on the CD . It 's best to check the Garmin site to see if your lakes are included.The other concern is that the US Inland Lakes data is so big , that it does not fit on one 512Meg data card ... Even with these two concerns , I 'd do it again in a heartbeat .
 The company was great , offering the brand name product at a competitive price and delivering the product in a timely fashion . I am hoping that competition decreases the cost of these software products . At about $ 100 + per program , it is almost cheaper to use a navigator that comes with your cellphone for city and purchase a product for marine use that is installed in the boat rather trying to buy software to load that is sometimes incomplete and may need updating in the near future .
 We were extremely happy with the micro card . It added all of the small roads and lakes to our GPS unit . Easy to use , just insert , no downlading to do .
 this product is well worth the money solely based on the detail for lake champlain alone ! appears that it is a copy of the noaa navigation charts that are very accurate . best price around was on amazon . do n't beleive the negative comments you read as they are just from the usual group of whiners and people who suffer from buyers remorse .
 Micro SD card worked just as advertised in my new Garmin NUVI 500 . Thought at first I had received the wrong card since it came shipped already in a standard SD adapter and had to be removed from the adapter to use in the 500 . No problem and works great . Wondering why manufacturers ca n't sell a GPS with all this already loaded ? ... duh , then we would n't have to spend more money !
 Ultimate Yahtzee - XP Compatible -LRB- Jewel Case -RRB- If You As A Youngster Or Even Old 're Remember Play This Game You Will Spend Good Quality Time With This One .
 This is great . I am a huge fan of Yahtzee and this is even better than the old game , you do n't have to keep score , it does it for you
 For the longest time I 've loved to play Yahtzee . I have a handheld electronic one with a high score of 628 , but I get tired of changing the batteries on it . I loved the idea of getting one for my computer . I got a new computer for my birthday and am loading it up with games and stuff to keep me from being bored . I saw this and wanted it , so I bought it . I did n't think until after it had shipped that I did n't know if it would be compatible with Windows Vista . Luckily it works perfectly . I am having a ton of fun playing this game on my computer . I would totally recommend it to anyone considering it , as long as the operating system for their computer is a Windows one .
 We received this game quickly and it certainly looked like a new product . In order to instal the game in our new computer using Windows 7 , it was necessary to follow the enclosed instructions which involved the use of a setup disc . After using the setup disc , Imissed a plainly stated instruction and had to e-mail Derek at Ostrich for additional help . After Derek pointed out what I had missed in the required steps , it was only a short time until my Wife and I were able to enjoy playing Yahtzee . Thank you DEREK
 I bought this game for a friend . She loves it and is having lots of fun with it . She has wanted one for some time and I am so glad Amazon has everything you could possibly want . It is a great stress reliever since she is the caregiver for her sick mom . Thanks Amazon .
 It never seems to be an endless range of fun and entertainment for all family members and friends of all ages of life . Young or old , all can enjoy the fun of the game while stimulating thought provoking strategies or simply teaching youngsters the 1-2-3s and set groupings . Even playing against the automated Mr. Yahtzee player offers some insights to some excellent game playing strategies while exposing some of the downfalls of lesser effective game playing strategies and techniques . Despite the recommnded box listed Operating Systems , this older version loads and runs on Windows 7 Ultimate without any issues . I would guesstimate that all Windows 7 OS platforms would run this older game version without any difficulties or issues . HAVE FUN !
 Ultimate Yahtzee is very entertaining . It can hold my attention for a long time everyday . You can play five different yahtzee games on this one game.Colored yahtzee and triple yahtzee are my favorite . Insted of trying to compete with your oponent you go for high scores.It is fun for most ages.I have had this game before . I was shocked it has gone up ten dollars more than six years ago . I recommend this game for anyone that likes to play games . It helps you to think and use your brain .
 I really liked the yahtzee game . It has four differents types of the game . It has a game where the dice are colored and you try to get different combinations of colors . There is war for two players . Triple and regular .
 This game was really cool . I LOVE cartoonnetwork ! This game had some education in it but it was not hard . I love computer games so if your like me you should by this right NOW!Because its Fun Fun Fun !
 I have Written A few reviews about computer Products , but this version of CodeWarrior puts other video game creator thingys to shame . : -RRB-
 I have been a user of Metrowerks CodeWarrior since almost the very first version , as a student programmer . Prior to Mac OS X , it was * the * development tool for Mac developers.One of the things I like best about CodeWarrior is that it comes with both the Mac OS and Windows versions ; I 've literally worked on my projects on both Mac and Win , sharing the files between the two -LRB- not the project file , though -RRB- . Overall , recommended . If you 're a Mac OS X user , though , try using ProjectBuilder first , since that comes for free , and may do what you need .
 If you are into scrapbooking , I suggest you buy all of the volumes . I have about 5 of them and plan on getting the rest . I rate this product as a A +
 If you want to fill out forms or design your own forms this is the product for you . Make sure you have enough drive space because this product takes up quite a bit of space but it will simplify your life if you have to fill in forms alot .
 This is a great little program to get introduced to Danish -- the graphics are colorful and appealing and it hardly feels like you are `` studying '' vocabulary . If you are trying to decide between this and the Rosetta Stone software , all I can say is they 're different . EuroTalk 's software is DEFINITELY more fun -LRB- also has better graphics and is more user-friendly -RRB- . However , Rosetta Stone 's program teaches you more sentence structure and phrases -LRB- EuroTalk 's focuses mainly on single words -RRB- , and also lets you type to practice spelling/listening skills . I also like the recording feature better in the Rosetta Stone one too , because it actually maps out your speech pattern against that of the native speaker , and `` rates '' on how closely you matched it -LRB- is n't always accurate though -RRB- . Wish there was more vocabulary in each of these programs ... you go through them pretty quickly . If I had to choose between the two programs ... well I 'd pick `` Talk Now ! '' because it is simply more enjoyable , and it feels like I am learning much faster using it . But I 'd actually recommend getting both if you can , to give you a broader education of the language . Get the `` Talk Now ! '' first though , then go on to the Rosetta Stone one afterwards .
 You should not depend on software to teach you a language . It should be used in conjunction with a good grammar book , dictionary and flashcards . The great thing about software is that you can work on your pronunciation easily . With the Talk Now series you can click on a word over and over to practice . You can also record yourself . With tapes or a CD you have to constantly back up . Again you should not depend on software to learn grammar or syntax . Use it to practice pronunciation and build vocabulary.There is one downside with Talk Now . You will only learn about 400 words . It would have been great if they had 600 to 800 . However it is affordable so its worth getting .
 This program is a colorful and flashy way to learn some basic Danish vocabulary -- perfect for young learners , especially ! I 've had a bit of Danish previously , so this was n't a great challenge . I breezed through it in under 2 days of casual play . -LRB- It 's also pretty easy to `` guess '' , so if you 're naturally good at taking quizzes , you might not feel like you 're really learning a lot . -RRB- I was hoping to pick up a little more Danish so that I could converse with my Danish in-laws . However , there is n't much here in terms of phrases , with the exception of a dozen or so `` tourist '' phrases . I do think it 's a fun way for ~ ~ absolute beginners ~ ~ to take a first step into learning Danish . For more in-depth learning , Rosetta Stone is the way to go . This program does have a neat feature to go to online resources to learn more about Denmark and Danish , which I thought was quite enjoyable.I did encounter a program error which crashed the program on two separate operating systems -LRB- XP and 2K -RRB- ; the problem was easily remedied by switching from `` American English '' as the help language to `` British English '' , however . The online tech support for this product is great , if you need it ! : -RRB- All in all , it 's a very nice first-time Danish program !
 As a beginning student in Danish , I enjoyed using this cute program . It uses colorful pictures and games to help you learn vocabulary words and basic phrases . The cute games keep you interested and are fun to do , even if they are a little childish . The methods seem to be really helpful , as my retention has been high.I also like that there is both a male and a female speaker . They both enunciate the words clearly , which I have found to be extremely helpful.I highly recommend this program for beginners !
 I bought this product for an adult grandchild who is interested in learning to speak to her Danish relatives . I already speak the language and reviewing the approach seemed ideal to start her on the process .
 This is a very simple and easy to use Arabic learning software with a lot of graphics and sounds . I would recommend for beginner students of Arabic . It would give you a basic vocabulary in no time .
 I found this CD to be very useful in reviewing Swedish , which I had studied years ago . I have sampled other products and found them to be ponderous , making language learning more of a chore than it ought to be . The EuroTalk CD 's -LRB- I have several -RRB- are the most fun to do . Will you become proficient in the language by using this CD ? Hardly , but you will get a good grounding and it 's just fun if you are like me and like to study foreign languages . I wish Amazon.com would make the more advanced levels available as well . I think this CD would be very useful as well for the traveler who just wants an intro to the language . Most Swedes speak English , but not all are comfortable with it . And everyone appreciates an effort to learn the language of the home country .
 I am a Scot living in Australia who married a Norwegian . I wanted to learn some Norwegian ready for when I make my first visit to Norway . So the place to start was the ` Talk Now ! Norwegian ' CD which I thought it might be a fun way to learn some basic Norwegian , and it was.I found the CD easy to install on my computer and easy to work through the different lessons , covering first words , food , phrases , time etc. . The aim is to make 100 % on each of the quizzes that are with the lessons , so far I have not quite reached that point , just missing the odd question or two in a couple of the quizzes . You can print the picture dictionaries as a study aid , you can also print your score award sheets.I would recommend this to anyone wanting to learn language basics . Other products from the Eurotalk company are ` World Talk ' which is at the intermediate level , and ` Vocabulary Builder ' which is for children 3 - 12years -LRB- but might be also be helpful for some of the bigger kids too -RRB- . Enjoy .
 I 'm a person that loves learning new languages and with a couple of my friends being Norwegian , I thought I would give it a go . I use to know some basic Norwegian when I was younger , but over time , I forgot most of them . My Norwegian friend travelled back to Norway over Christmas and came back with this `` Talk Now ! Learn Norwegian '' course for me.After installing everything , at first I thought , it looked like it was for kids , but this is extremely entertaining and teaches you the basics of numbers , clock times , objects , food , countries etc. . You wo n't get bored with the games you play . Even though you 're enjoying yourself , your required to think , with the quizzes they give you at the end of each section.I found this rather enjoyable and I 'd recommend it to anyone wanting to learn about the very basic Norwegian . Hey !! Even your children can join in on the fun too ! It 's excellent !!
 I love this software , the only reason I did ' t give it five stars is the lack of being able to print out portions of the grammar explanations and the dictionary very easily in a pdf or word format . All in all I think it is worth the cost .
 You may have heard someone say that `` Product X is the Cadillac of -LSB- insert category here -RSB- . Tell Me More German is n't just the Cadillac of German language learning software , it 's the Mercedes , BMW and Porsche all rolled into one . This software may be frustrating for those who want to learn some basics before departing on a relatively brief trip overseas . If , on the other hand , you want to immerse yourself in as many aspects of German as possible to achieve both cultural and literal fluency , then search no further than this product.How you approach Tell Me More German is the key to either a -RRB- your success , or b -RRB- your frustration . If you expect side by side translations spilling over with grammar rules as you go along , this package will not work for you . If , on the other hand , you remember the oral -LRB- aural ? -RRB- and visual cues given you to learn English followed by written reinforcement , you will be far more likely to succeed . As someone who has had more than a fair share of introduction to the German language , I concede that this product might be easier for me to use . However , what I learned in German helped me immensely as I approached Tell Me More Dutch , although I did n't expect this to happen when I began using that package.The combination of Tell Me More German 's spoken analysis , use of videos , written exercises , drills , etc. , are a clear indicator that this package is for serious German learners . Read the screen prompts , follow the instructions , repeat lessons when and if necessary , and you will be well on your way towards total comfort if almost any normal situation if and when you travel to German-speaking Europe.Between the linguistic , cultural and historical information provided in this package , the cost is miniscule compared to what you would have to pay at the university level to receive the same education . I have only one recommendation
 I was originally set on the Rosetta Stone by name recognition only . Once I read the reviews and found TeLL me More , I decided to give this program a chance . I 'm glad I did ! Coming back to German after many years away , this has been a great re-introduction into the language , as well as an assessment tool to determine what my skill level is . While I would recommend it to all learners , I do think those with no language knowledge at all might have a tough time initially with word associations , but eventually , hard work should pay off.The included headset is of sufficient quality to work with the program . I love the phonetics although the grading scale is sometines sketchy -- in my opinion -- I can not always tell the difference in how I pronounce something that 's graded w/full bars VS. one on which I might be graded only 3 bars . At first I was afraid I 'd run through the program too quickly but after seeing the extensive exercises and still being in the beginner level , I obviously do n't have to worry about that anymore.I also like the workflow of the guided mode . So far , the only thing I would like improved is the print feature . It literally prints a screen shot of what it sees , I 'd rather it be able to print the whole list of what I 'm looking at so that I can easily take it with me for study.Overall though , I 'd recommend Tell me More to anyone . It 's features and functionality are impressive for any price !
 I am so impressed with the quality of graphics and amount of information this software has !!! I has videos , pictures , native speakers reading phrases that you can use in your everyday !! This program is so amazing that you can easily check the pronunciation of every single word by a native speaker and then record and compare it with your own voice ! I am blown away with this program ... and the graphics are so well done -LRB- not boring boxes like in the Rosetta Stone software -RRB- ! You will not regret buying this software for learning languages !!
 In my opinion , this product is a great way to learn German . Readers should understand though , that before I started with the software , I had taken 150 hours of lessons from Berlitz & had been living in Germany for 6 months . So that being said , I can not speak to how well this product will work for extreme beginners . This product helped me expand my vocabulary , practice my speaking , improve my grammar and learn more about the country in which I am living . This product will not make you a fluent speaker , only actual speaking can do that , but this product will make you feel more comfortable with in hearing , reading and writing the language.I highly recommend this product to anyone who is interested in improving their German language skills .
 Many people are frustrated in the other reviews that this set does n't begin simple enough . I just wanted people to know that there is another version that has the `` Complete Beginner '' in addition to the `` Beginner '' material in this set . It is also more expensive but I would n't buy this version if you are beginning with no German . SeeTeLL me More German Premium - Complete Beginner , Beginner , Intermediate & AdvancedThere is also a Homeschool version with the Complete Beginner material . SeeTeLL me More German Homeschool Version -LRB- 4 levels from Complete Beginner to Advanced -RRB- . People are giving positive reviews to the other sets . I 'm not connected to TeLL Me More German or anything . I just thought I would let people know .
 This is by far the best German software . I did a lot of research before my purchase and was able to evaluate demos of other companies as well as look for reviews online and ask advice to teachers at my university . I was impressed by TeLL me More , and decided to buy this software and am really satisfied about it . There are so many different activities that learning is very engaging , videos and dialogues makes it also very interactive . The speech recognition technology is great as well , and I really feel it helped me a lot with my pronunciation .
 I 've had fun with this CD . I do n't know if everyone would feel the same . There is NO English on this CD . You have to figure everything out for yourself . It 's like a challenging computer game where you figure out the rules as you go . Well there are some very brief descriptions of the buttons on the screen , but no translations . I had to buy a dicitonary and try to look up words that I could spell . It was hard , but I also enjoyed figuring it out . I 'm keeping a notebook of the phrases that I have been able to write down . I am still working with it . I am going to Poland in 2 weeks . I wo n't really know till then how much useful Polish I have learned . I also have a Pimsleur tape set . That 's a slow-paced learning method , where you learn to understand every word and say it correctly . It is totally different from this . I think using both has been good for me . If I were designing a language course , it would not be like either one of these , however .
 Yes , it has English accent.If you prefer Texan or Newyorker or Californian accentit is not for you.Great program that does n't lost focuson the spelling in favor of nonsense entertainments .
 I wanted to learn Italian , as I still have family there and wanted to be able to speak a little when I visit them.Then , I searched for the best software as I know I wanted to use my computer to learn , as it seemed to me the most promising tool . After reviews on some websites , and asking a free demo CD of TeLL me More Italian to their toll free number , comparing it to others , I decided to buy TeLL me More . I found that this software is really helping me , even beyond my expectations ... I am really enjoying learning Italian , which is surprising as it has been so long I am done with school ... There are a lot of different activities and basically everything you need to learn Italian . I like the immersion method as it reminded me my visit to Italy about 10 years ago
 I was amazed by the quality of that software . I had doubts about learning a language with a software after taking a look at Rosetta Stone , which has no grammar , and is very repetitive with these 4 pictures , as well as other programs I bought at my local store ... I saw a review and decided to give TeLL me More a chance . I was amazed by the technology aspect and how well designed it is . It comes with a free headset and microphone and it really helped with my pronunciation . I have family in Italy and they were also amazed at my progress.I also liked the cultural workshop as I was able to learn a lot of things about the Italian culture . I am at the Intermediate CD now and am confident I could have everyday conversations in Italian once I get to finish the Advanced level , rather than only know some sentences just useful for travel . My 2 teenagers are also using the software and it really helps them at school .
 In struggling to learn Italian in anticipation of our trip there , I purchased four teaching products this year , plus several books , and took a continuing ed course . I am looking for a magic , easy way to learn , I guess . New languages are hard ! -LRB- Age 62 -RRB- . My opinions : I liked Tell me More Italian better than the similar Rosetta Stone Italian I . These are computer programs . Tell Me was more adaptable to my level , had more variety of exercises , and was in general more fun . Both of these programs gave me a confidence in my pronunciation that I never had in four college French courses many years ago.I liked Pimsleur Conversational Italian -LRB- 16 lesson version -RRB- better than the less expensive Penton Overseas Learn in Your Car Italian . These are CDs you play while driving . Pimsleur was more personal , more patient , and had more repetitive practice of conversation.Finally , the continuing ed course , Italian I at Ohio State -LRB- eight two-hour classes -RRB- , was invaluable for the best teaching of the basics of Italian -LRB- structure of the language such as conjugation -RRB- coaching from the personable teacher -LRB- Paola Nanni-Tate -RRB- , the interaction with live students , and the pressure to study each week to avoid embarassing mistakes in class , which of course I made anyway .
 This program may not be for everyone . It is a total immersion approach which asks the student to jump right in start speaking immediately . I studied on my own going up to level three . It took me about a year . At first I was perplexed but persisted with my studies . Being on CD , you can repeat words even a single syllable over and over until you 've mastered them . When I enrolled in a university class , I was so far ahead of the others that my first year of Italian was a snap . Go with the flow on this program , there 's nothing quite like it any where short of a home tutor sitting next to you and they do n't repeat thing a million times until you get it . No human has that much patience .
 I have been using this TeLL me More Italian for a few weeks now and am really enjoying the product . I have found it easy to navigate around the program -LRB- read the instructions they 're short and worth it -RRB- and Help screens are offered with each new activity if you have any trouble . Also , the voice recognition pronunciation practice really breaks it down syllable by syllable and tells you where you are making mistakes . My only complaint so far is the dictionary does n't have all the words used in the activities in it so sometimes you ca n't really figure out what something says . I have a few years experience with speaking Spanish and since the languages are very similar it has been fairly easy to pick up Italian . I would not advise anyone to buy this program who has never tried to learn another language before . The format would be very confusing and overwhelming . I have done great with this program but it 's not for everyone . I used Pimsler to learn some Polish a while back and it worked well for learning a few phrases quickly but TeLL me More gives a more in-depth view of the structure of the language which was what I was looking for this time .
 The 1-star review mentioned is misleading . Here is the writer 's problem.I have an older `` Tell Me More '' product . When you first load the program , it offers you options for the language you normally speak . This lets different nationalities learn the new language . So if you speak English and want to learn Italian , you choose English when loading the course for Italian . Obviously , this person mistakenly chose Italian as the native language for learning Italian . Thus he could not understand it . The problem described is NOT the fault of the program but in how it was installed . The fix is simple.Comments on the program.A feature I liked , not included in other language programs , is the pronunciation feedback -LRB- microphone required -RRB- . This lets you know if your speech actually sounds like a native speaker . But to be complete , it should also tell you how to shape your mouth and tongue when uttering the sounds.ADDED NOTE
 I 've been using this software for about 2 months , and I have to say it is really great . I 'm learning with a focus on reading , and I do feel pleased with the progress I 've made , even with just 1 or 2 hours a day . I feel comfortable with the grammar and vocabulary , which is what I have been emphasizing . Also , the speaking and listening exercises are helpful , even though sometimes the dialogs are spoken a bit fast . After all , we second language learners aspire to rise to the level of native speakers , so it 's great practice . Worth the money .
 I attend Rice University and take French classes there . We use TeLL me More during our classes and I though it would be much better for me to get my own copy , so I can also use it after class and progress faster . The activities are really engaging and you can really progress in French , and not be bored . My teacher put a lot of emphasis on the pronunciation part , as this software really helps you improve itI also like the cultural workshop so I can learn French history , geography , ... , before going to Paris next year.I am not sure about the other reviews , as I had no technical problem whatsoever with that program and I actually have a 3 year old computer . Also , no problem at my school .
 This product really taught me French very easily . I was amazed at how fast I learnt . I used other software in the past and was not completely satisfied as I just learnt some sentences or words , but could not develop a full understanding of the language as there was no grammar , or always something missing . This software is very complete
 I read the other reviews before my purchase and encountered the same problem with freezing . I contacted tech support and got the necessary fixes and now it works fine -LRB- except for the dictation excercise -RRB- . It 's a very thorough program . I 'm finding it works well for me . The negative thing was that it took me a long time and a lot of persistence to get what I needed from tech support . I recommend using the help facility built into the program - it will give you the email for the support in France . The emails I sent to the email for US support were never answered .
 It was a semester before I went on a study abroad to France when I first heard of this software ; my French professor asked for volunteers to participate in a research of it . I joined immediately knowing that I only have few months to excel my skills before I go on a 6 month journey to France.I was amazed with this software from day one ! It helped me a lot with pronunciation , vocabulary , and even confidence of speaking French ; I guess talking out loud -LRB- to a machine -RRB- helps with adjusting yourself to speaking it overall . Now , I decided to buy it for myself , so I can not only practice what I have learned , but also work on becoming fluent , hopefully .
 I found this program in 1992 and have been using it since . Since I have not heard about Vista and Windows 7 I have been running XP because I really need Organizer 6.1 to keep working . I wish Big Blue would take this program and run with it . It would kill Outlook and continue on and for some of us that remembers Sidekick and still use it , Organizer is still the best
 I have used this organizer for many years and this purchase was a recent upgrade . It is a great product for those that like to have an organizer that they can bring up on the computer screen . There is an address book included along with a number of other features .
 Tous ceux qui l'ont essay&eacute; l'ont adopt&eacute; . Ce logiciel est l'une des pierres angulaires d'un bureau et du travail collaboratif . Agenda , fichier d'adresses , planning il groupe toutes les fonctions de gestion de temps , d'activit &eacute;s et d'adresses . H&eacute;las , depuis que Lotus a &eacute;t&eacute; rachet&eacute; par IBM la derni&egrave;re version de ce logiciel n ' a plus &eacute;t&eacute; d&eacute;velopp&eacute;e -LRB- derni&egrave;re version 6.1 en 2003 -RRB- et la distribution sur le net est calamiteuse . Pour ma part je viens d'arriver &agrave; trouver un CD Rom sur Amazon apr&egrave;s plus de deux ans de tentatives pour obtenir le produit sur plusieurs continents ! La version 5 existe en franais et la version 6.1 , seulement en anglais , apporte quelques compl&eacute;ments mais la pr&eacute;c&eacute;dente reste tr&egrave;s performante pour tout francophone qui h&eacute;site &agrave; utiliser un produit en anglais au quotidien .
 I 've been using Organizer since its floppy disk version 1.0 in 1992 -LRB- if foggy memory serves -RRB- . It simply works , and it always has . It does what I want it to do , and has for so long that I find I would not want to quit using it.I 'm using version 5.0 , and it runs under Vista with one caveat
 I do n't know why IBM does n't continue to support this `` best of show '' product . It is simple , elegant and intuitive and does well all of the things a personal organizer should do . The year at a glance `` planner '' is by itself worth the price of admission . Unfortunately , Organizer wo n't work on the 64-bit versions of Vista or Windows 7 . But if you are n't running one of those OSs , by all means consider this fine program .
 I have used Lotus organizer for years and found it to be the BEST . Recently I got a new computer and the old version would not load . I bought a new `` cheaper '' address book program by another company and loaded my addresses using a text deliniation program . This product was TERRIBLE !! It did not load the anniversaries or other data in the old program , nor did it load all the notes I had in the addresses . After a little more searching , I decided the only way I was going to be happy was to bite the bullet and buy the more expensive Lotus Organizer . Now I am happy !! Lotus Organizer does it all ! `` You get what you pay for '' . Thanks for carrying this fantastic program .
 The sale itself went fine . Would definitely do business with this person again . It was absolutely fine . Good job . Thanks
 I am an adict of this program from way back as it brings together Notes , Calendar , Contacts , ToDo lists in one file with appropriate views . yes i need to migrate all this to more modern cloud apps and have done so with many . but it does ease the pain of transition as it works on Windows 7 in XP mode
 I 've used Lotus Organizer 5.0 for a number of years , but was stymied when upgrading to Windows 7 64 bit version . That is not a problem now , as Organizer 6.1 installed seamlessly with Windows 7 / 64 , and importing my OR5 files was quite easy . -LRB- N.B. I purchased my Organizer 6.1 diredtly from IBM at $ 72 download , as the price offered by Amazon partners is much higher . -RRB- 6.1 has some few new features , but will be quite familiar and not radically different for those of us who have enjoyed the extensive cross-linking of contacts , calendars , notes , calls , etc. available here and different products . Organizer 6.1 continues to be very easy - almost intuitively so - to use , and offers myriad features for notes , calls , different colors to highlight days using the Planner -LRB- itself a nice feature -RRB- and runs very stably and reliably.I am sure there are more sophisticated contact managers for those needing extensive database shake and bake CRM etc. but for a small business or home , Organizer 6.1 soldiers on .
 I would like everyone to know that Organizer 6.1 does work with no problems -LRB- that I 've come across as yet -RRB- installed on computer running Windows7 . I did have different expert opinions on whether this program would run OK on Windows7 including Amazon staff telling me that it would n't . I would like also to say the service and delivery of this item was impeccable . I live in West Australia , I ordered the program on Friday evening and received delivery on Tuesday at my office , I did pay for express delivery and boy was it express . Thank you Amazon .
 I have had no problems using Lotus Organizer 6.1 , running it on a Vista 64 bit machine for several months , and now under Windows 7 -LRB- 64 bit -RRB- for a week . Vista/Win7 did not require any fancy workarounds ; just install Organizer , and it works.Despite a few annoying but minor usability glitches , IMHO this is the best product of it 's type . It 's a shame that Lotus/IBM do n't see fit to update it , but if they did ... maybe they would break something.Complaints : - ca n't disable the `` You tried to create an appointment before today ! '' nag when you enter a back-dated appointment . - if you 're editing an entry , and switch to another window momentarily , your focus and insertion point are lost when you return ; you must click again where you want to resume your edits . I think this behavior first surfaced with Vista . - typically , desktop search tools -LRB- such as those built into Vista and Windows 7 ; Google Desktop ; & Copernic -RRB- , do n't know how to index Organizer . Assuming you even want this capability , the workaround is to periodically export your data from Organizer , to a format that these indexers can handle . - text search within Organizer is pretty basic ; e.g. you ca n't enter multiple terms without it searching for them as a phrase ; there 's no Boolean functionality.Likes : - It is n't made by Microsoft or Google ; and your data wo n't be stored on the Web for others to potentially hack into . - It has a light footprint , is stable , and it does the job without putting on manners , and without fancy but unwanted and confusing , half-baked features . - Its views are more usable than anything I 've seen in the relatively ponderous and almost unmanageable Microsoft Outlook.Update 11/12/2012 : I 've been using Organizer 6.1 daily/heavily now on Windows 7 for almost 3 years , with no problems . But yesterday , after installing some other software , Organizer stopped loading , complaining ` Ca n't load `` LTBUBN12.DLL '' ... ` The simple fix , after some research , was to copy LTBUBN12.dll from C : \ lotus \ org6 \ compnent to C : \ lotus \ org6 \ organize \ . I still think this is the best product in its class . I 'd like to hear from anyone who thinks they 've found a superior alternative .
 Like some of the other reviewers , I have been using this product for a while -LRB- five years -RRB- . And like the others , I would not trade it for anything . I have used other Organizers/Contact Managers , and they do n't have the same functionality or ease of use . Things I like
 I love Organizer . I have been using it since 1993 . There is nothing that is as user friendly on the market . I wish IBM would keep working with it .
 I have data in Lotus Organizer 97 which dates back to 1995 . It has all my addresses and phone numbers , plus all my appointments . This is an invalluable history and is irreplaceable . My laptop , running Vista as 32 bits loaded and works just fine . When I bought a new desktop running Vista 64 bit , Lotus Organizer 97 wouldn 's load . As a gamble I bought Lotus Organizer 6.1 . It loaed and runs just fine . I hope it will continue to load under new versions of Windows , or that Organizer will be upgraded to work with newer versions when they are introduced . In the meantime I have access to my history . By the way , I am 70 and retired , so busines use of this program has no interest for me , and I am making no claims as to their use .
 I 've been using this program since March 1992 and I love it.My wake in fright moment is that Big Blue will decide they do n't love it any more and it will get left behind in the inexorable software creep.I 've already had about 10 battles with various technocrats in different places I 've worked to try to take it from me but so far ... Go on give it a go it 's worth every cent .
 I have used this program exclusively since 1995 . Threw away my paper address book , calendar , to-do lists ... and never looked back ! It 's comprehensive , totally user-oriented , and fun to use . Link everything to everything else ... easily . V6 plays well with the web too -- for example , I 've entered hundreds of Bookmarks -LRB- Org calls them web entries -RRB- into Organizer . I 've categorized them , and for some I make notes . I can search them all in under 1 second and retrieve exactly what I 'm looking for . Stores web page usernames and passwords for you too ... and then automagically enters them into your browser when you visit the page.A couple of times I 've been tempted to look at another PIM -LRB- such as ACT -RRB- to presumably get `` more features '' - but I quickly come to my senses and realize that I already have all the features I need !
 I have used Organizer since original Threadz version.Currently using 6.1 on Windows 7 64 bit . Minor niggles such as not always displaying date correctly when editing graphic calendar in todo list . No major problems during regular use for my personal data . Still very usable.Have tried Outlook , Onenote , and various other PIMs , but nothing I 've tried has the same intuitive functionality.If IBM is unwilling to update , I wish they would release the source code and let someone else do the work . Problem is this very old program apparently still seems to be attracting buyers . With a revamped interface , email , and smartphone connections , I 'm convinced that there could be real future for Organizer .
 The Lotus Organizer is a very functional organizer . The version I am using is Organizer 5.04 which is included in Lotus SmartSuite 9.8.1 . Organizer 5.04 works for me in Windows XP , Windows Vista 32 bit , Windows 7 32 bit and Windows 7 Home Premium 64 bit.In Lotus Organizer 5.04 the File Link function is the most useful function . It can link external files to a particular event so it is easy to get to related information.The Note is useful to keep subject page after page.An appointment in Calendar can link related information to it and that makes it easy to see what other information pertaining to that meeting.For decade , I am using Lotus Organizer to organize information . The program is so well written that it is very difficult to be replaced by other organizer programs . It seems IBM stopped development of Lotus Organizer . If so , it is a sad news , but surprisingly , it can work with Windows 7 Home Premium 64 bit . With that luck this Lotus Organizer still has a long life to run .
 I have used Lotus Organizer for 12 years . It is incredible . Rave Rave Rave . I recently had to upgrade to a new Windows 7 Pro 64 bit business computer . First thing I did was install Lotus Organizer 6.1 and transfered all my data . Imagine my horror when the high paid tech at my new firm insisted I remove Lotus Organizer from my computer . He provided me with reams of reports on how it corrupts and crashs with windows 7 and 64 bit computers . I was forced to export all my data to Windows Organizer . I am lost . If anyone knows of a fix for these problems let me know . The techs at IBM agreed with my tech and I am mourning the loss of this wonderful program .
 The program is fast and it works . It makes ViaVoice look sick .
 iListen is the best voice dictation solution for the Mac OS . -LRB- It 's even more accurate than anything I 've used on Windows . -RRB- IBM is still playing catch up with their `` Via Voice for Mac , Enhanced Edition '' . Now that Mac OS X 10.1 is out , I am eagerly anticipating an OS X version of iListen.BTW , be sure to pick up a quality microphone for best results . The built-in mics on iMacs and iBooks/PowerBooks do n't quite cut it .
 This is truly a piece of amazing software ! Even better , further improvements are expected in a very short period of time . No other software developer has ever been so responsive to the comments and needs of their users . I need an accurate and fast dictation system for my professional activities , and iListen has rapidly become the best solution . The recognition is as good as the competing product , and the ability to add your own vocabulary will put this product far out in front of the competition . IT 'S GREAT !
 I purchased iListen to try out a Digital Recorder , -LRB- I have the Olympus DS-330 -RRB- . I 'm runnning iListen 1.5.2 on Mac OS X 10.2.1 . It works great for Direct Dictation , and once I figured out I had to create a different profile for the Olympus , accuracy jumped up there too.Really cool product , buy it !!!
 I am the disappointed one who equated iListen with my ex-wife . MacSpeech helped me arrange a second marriage with their new produce , DICTATE.In brief , I am wowed and amazed . It gets complex technical psychiatric terms and phrases . I find myself challenging it as though I am a host on a game show and it is going after a million bucks . Aside from a few forgivable limitations , such as spelling numbers , I am in love.I have been a dictat-or for 30 years , and have gone through my share of humans and programs -LRB- ViaVoice is on my dusty shelf too -RRB- . My office manager is sick and tired of hearing me complain.No more ! This DICTATE product is beyond my expectations , and i remove the hex from MacSpeech that I placed in my review of iListen . The equipment they compelled me to buy works great -LRB- the Platonics headset -RRB- and I am gong to try the Olympus D-2 next , even though there is no instruction for a digital recorder input , I am confident that hooking it up to the line-in will go well . I will let you know . But even if it does n't work , I am glad to help this company feel the joy of profitable victory after their failure of their hyped but fatally flawed iDo n'tListen first attempt . And that is from a doctor who dictates 25 pages a week , and has no vested interest in this company.PS , YouTube has some examples of its performance by another awed early user .
 I purchased iListen to try out a Digital Recorder , -LRB- I have the Olympus DS-330 -RRB- . I 'm runnning iListen 1.5.2 on Mac OS X 10.2.1 . It works great for Direct Dictation , and once I figured out I had to create a different profile for the Olympus , accuracy jumped up there too.Really cool product , buy it !!!
 Until fairly recently , my internet access was by way of phone modem , and my e-mail software was , to put it mildly , archaic . Even worse , the dial-up service to which I had access required a toll call . Needless to say , my on-line time was spent , for the most part , in brief spurts
 When I received this pkg . I was prepared to call my `` computer literate '' friend but decided to see how far I could proceed in installing this on my own . The directions were clear and everything went smoothly . Now , I 'll not be accused of passing any viruses nor will I receive any !
 Great selection and can change it at anytime . It is a good purchase .
 This gives me PDF 1.5 , passwords and other full-Acrobat features at a fraction of the price . I did read another review on its toolbar shortcuts in Outlook - PDF Create ! and Adobe Acrobat have the identical behavior and limitation of Word is the editor for Outlook . Overall , I think the batch processing and merging of many documents into a single PDF as the best feature .
 I work at a legal firm and we bought this product instead of Acrobat . The pricing was unbeleiveable . Why does Adobe charge so much for the same thing ? Maybe because there was no competition . This reminds me of what happened we Lexus started making luxury cars - BMW and Mercedes were forced to take notice . Is n't being a consumer in this kind of market great ?
 it 's an awesome skin for p910i ... makes the phone unique ... something every se p910i enthausiast would want ... perfect
 I 've used Sidekick , Outlook 98 , Day-Timer and older versions of Organizer . Overall , Organizer is the most intuitive and competes head-to-head on features . I have one complaint -- alarms that are set to pop up a few days before an event do n't always work . The addition of an integrated Web site tab is a nice feature from which you can go to a Web site directly from Organizer . Email integration seems to be tighter than in previous versions . At $ 70 + , the program should work flawlessly and , for the most part , does .
 I love this program . It does what it says it will do and it does it well . I found it very easy to learn and use , and I had never used any of its previous versions before . I especially love the Web Page section and the Notepad . I use Stamps.com a lot and I can pull addresses directly from my Lotus Organizer . I just found out , by accident , something that is really cool . I wanted to have an additional reminder of tasks directly on my PC desktop , even if I had n't opened Organizer yet . I created a Task and then dragged and dropped it to my PC Desktop . It creates a tiny little VCalendar item and I can double click on that and it will show me the task . Unlike Outlook , this program will allow you to keep your Tasks on your calendar , even after they have been completed . It keeps them right on the day that they were completed so you can go back and see when you finished something . Works like a charm .
 I have used this program exclusively since 1995 . Threw away my paper address book , calendar , to-do lists ... and never looked back ! It 's comprehensive , totally user-oriented , and fun to use . Link everything to everything else ... easily . V6 plays well with the web too -- for example , I 've entered hundreds of Bookmarks -LRB- Org calls them web entries -RRB- into Organizer . I 've categorized them , and for some I make notes . I can search them all in under 1 second and retrieve exactly what I 'm looking for . Stores web page usernames and passwords for you too ... and then automagically enters them into your browser when you visit the page . Try IBM 's free 30 day trial of Organizer on their site at http://www.lotus.com/home.nsf/welcome/organizer .
 I searched out numerous calander programs in search of one that was compatable with my law practice . I depend on my calander tremendously and need a program that would sync easily with my Palm.Lotus does all this and more . It is fairly user friendly . It allows you to uses filters inorder to create subcatagories . This is espically important when having to use your contact list to make lists for weddings , client development and related items.The layout is easy on the eyes and there are numerous alternatives to choose from . 6.0 is my fourth version of Organizer which I have used and I would highly reccommend it .
 This the best organizer for personal or business use . The screen is broken up into tabs representing the various organizer categories -LRB- i.e. , to dos , contacts , holidays , etc. -RRB- The brights colors add to the great appearance and easy-of-use . Even though I have been syncing data between Orgainzer and my Palm for about 40 days without any mishaps , I do have one qualm ... The Palm sync feature sometimes writes the item twice on the laptop file and the Palm pilot . If IBM can fix this feature , I would buy this over Outlook or Sidekick .
 Having used Organizer since 95 I consider myself hooked . I keep everything and my file is 50MB but opens in a couple of seconds . Outlook does n't come close and only people who know Organizer can see why I consider Outlook primative . I have a Nokia 6600 and it syncs my various Contacts -LRB- both personal and business -RRB- , my Diary , Planner and To-Do list . A bit of a shame Nokia doesnt deliver the same interface . Users will be aware of the benefits of links to both Organizer contacts/notes/appointments but also external files . Great to keep all your research data in a structured note with links . Easyclip makes fast work of the double handling issues with Corporate Outlook email . The import facility works well with lists -LRB- I arrange in excel and export to CSV -RRB- . I keep looking for the next update of the program but top of my wish list would be - dont stuff up an excellent product .
 I have looked for a good PIM for a long time . Outlook is very good , but always seemed so much different than my old paper based PIM . I knew of Lotus , but never tried it . It is wonderful . Syncs great with my Palm too . I just hope IBM continues to support this product .
 I 've used Lotus Organizer since the early 90 's and have upgraded religiously . At job interviews , I 'd even ask if I was allowed to install my one necessary program , Lotus Organizer . Now that I 'm older and use a PDA , I still ca n't live without it . Any little thing I need to remember , any idea I might want to research later , just jot it , set a reminder and forget about it . My favorite feature of all is the linking , so I can cross-reference a contact with notes , web pages , events or even other contacts . I also love being able to archive ; I have one large file that stays on my home hard drive and has every old task , appointment and contact since before 2000 while my active file stays trim . It 's indispensable . If IBM ever drops it , there 's nothing on the market right now that could rival Lotus Organizer . From college to career , it 's done well by me !
 In response to previous reviewer . There is no way for a file to protect its self from being overwritten -LRB- unless marked read-only and in this case will not work-since you have to periodically have to write to the file . -RRB- This is a problem with the Operating System . You should be voicing your concerns to Microsoft , or use NT , which has file level security . This is like saying I can destroy your PC by deleting all the files in the Windows directory and calling that a Windows security flaw.My advice for all users of PC is backup , backup and backup . And to protect your information from wandering malice users , use good physical security . -LRB- i.e. lock your office door , users of Win2k and NT lock your PC 's when away from the desk . -RRB-
 I found Organizer very useful for it is the closest tool to PEP -LRB- Personal Efficiency Program -RRB- way of organize work . In my opinion PIM are not self explantory
 I love this product . I put my children on it consistently for review of information gone over in school . It also helps them to stay on point during the summer months with their skills . It gives you time sensitive options and tells you the percentage correct . It is a must have for math skill development .
 My son really enjoyed this keyboard . We are still learning about the different functions of it , especially the part where it is suppose to help beginners learn to play the keyboard . This fuctions moves kind of fast for those who are completely illiterate about the keyboard . Overall , I give this product a 4 because of the different functions it is able to do .
 This is a very well designed math teaching tool . Each lesson has a clear and concise explanation of each concept with a drill that gives immediate feedback . I recommend this not only for younger students just learning math concepts , but also for older students who need a `` refresher '' .
 This product does what is otherwise impossible
 This program just works and works well . It saves me a lot of time typing while posting messages and replying to email . Highly recommended for people like me who reply to a lot of email or who otherwise type a lot of repetitive phrases and paragraphs.UPDATE
 TypePilot saves me approximately 7 hours a week ! I 've set up a number of email responses , and signatures for various product lines . I 'm able to quickly able to respond to email queries by typing just a few keys.The macro design makes the software incredibly easy to use . Anyway looking to free up time , should consider TypePilot .
 This is a great program if you need to move files from one computer to another . Easy to run and operate .
 I purchased NG9 .0 to back up my Hard drives , and copy a old harddrive to a new bigger drive.Backing up harddrive was great , but copying harddrives turned out to be quit a challange . Heres what happened.Here is my system
 product as described and works great - experience with the seller was just super - shipped immediately and arrived in just a few days .
 Great Product ! Easy to use . Backup and restore to an external hard drive work great . I have only tried file recovery from a full backup but that went flawlessly .
 Readiris Pro 11 is the one software that is the solution to all of you scanner needs . Whether it is graphics , text or -LRB- are you sitting down -RRB- sheet music . ReadirisPro11 allows you to edit , move , change , remove any part of you scanned image and for sheet music it will even play it as a midi file . I would rate ReadirisPro11 an 11 on a scale of 1 to 10 .
 I 've evaluated a lot of OCR software but there is nothing like Readiris 11 Pro . The quality , accuracy and speed is second to none and then the ease of use and well engineered user interface . Believe me this is the one !!
 A very fast and accurate orc software package . Very good for the person who needs an occasional document scanner . I have n't used it enough to determine the full capabilities .
 This software seems brilliant - does a very accurate job of scanning and decoding . It could be improved by allowing for multiple page scans -LRB- without having to set a timer for page insert -RRB- It will defintely save you time . IT does not appear to have an page storage/filing system like some ocr programs but 5 Stars for its scanning and decoding.Registration becomes a problem if you have to reinstall the software several times -LRB- I redo my computer frequently -RRB- , it is not smart enough to know it is the same machine and forces you to contact technical support . MS Office will recognise its the same machine so its not a hassle.If you are interested in document storage and filing on the computer then other ocr might be a better choice . If you want ACCURATE page scanning for modification and changes I would MOST HIGHLY recommend this software .
 I have been using Readiris 11 for about two and a half months on a project I work on about 4 to 6 hours a day . The project is to put a book I wrote about 25 years ago that was typewritten but never published onto a CD as a course . So it involves using Readiris to read the pages into Word where I edit the work . The Readiris wizard -LRB- without tinkering which was a disaster -RRB- and pages with dark ink work best . If the pages are light because of typewriter ribbon age , I must first darken them in Photoshop and then print them out for Readiris . I found that Readiris does a wonderful job and is worth every penny .
 Recently I needed to convert a magazine article to Microsoft Word . I used 4 programs , Adobe 9 , OmniPage 17 , PaperPort 12 , and Read I.R.I.S. Pro 12 . Read I.R.I.S. did the most accurate conversion . Adobe 9 did a good job converting to PDF but the MS Word rendering was not a good as Read I.R.I.S. . When converting other material I test with these four programs and the best performer is not always the same . It depends upon the nature and the quality of the source .
 After reading several reviews on this product , I was hesitant because there was such mixed reviews . But after getting it and using the software , I am very pleased with my purchase . I had some trouble installing the software , but was able to get help from customer service and they were able to walk me through the process . After that , I was up and running . What I was looking for was OCR software that was accurate and fast , and that is what I got . The software does what it says its gon na do , and to me that is what is important in a product . I would recommend this product to my friends .
 I tried this pen because I have to type a lot of homework . I read a few of those comments with 1-2 stars and it seems that this does not work well with Mac , but it works great with Windows ! ! ! ^ - ^ It 's not perfect but it 's better than typing . It goes a little messy when it 's scanning the curve of the book -LRB- like the middle -RRB- just a little practice and you 'll be good . I also like the buttons it helps a lot because I use a lot of Enters and Tabs . This product is good for people who does not type 50 + wpm , or someone who needs to type a lot of stuff thats off the book .
 The IRIS Pen 6 Executive is the best scanner pen on the market . It is 90 % acurate and is easy to use . You just install the drivers and software and your almost ready to scan . Calibrating the device is fairly easy . All you do is put the pen on white paper and push down . -LRB- It calibrates best when you put the scanner on white computer paper . -RRB- Scanning is very easy . Start at space before the text and push down so you see a green light and a green line . -LRB- Once text passes this green line , it has been scanned . The text should also be directly under the gray arrow on the top of the scanner pen . If it is not , it will not be scanned properly . -RRB- It says you can scan handwriting , but when I tried , it did n't work . -LRB- Maybe it 's because of my terrible handwriting . -RRB- Honestly , If you do n't need to scan barcodes or grayscale images , using the scanner pen , you would be fine with the Express version of the IRIS Pen 6 . Here is something I scanned for the ` Learn how to use your IRISPen ' booklet
 Very good product for PC user . Save me a lots of time scanning text , it makes `` typing '' data entry fun ! There is some steps to make scanning perfect1 -RRB- flat surface2 -RRB- scan at constant speed3 -RRB- enough contrast in page
 Great hand-scanner . Very accurate , . Saved me many a nights in school . A must-have !!!
 this version of Vegas may not be the recent one , but the new ones do n't have much more than 6 . This is a great , east to use program , and for what I paid for it on Amazon , it was a steal . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars , is that I ca n't seem to use the capture mode .
 With the new release o fthe mixman studio product and having it only work on specific operating systems and the lack of support for the previous customers and the established customer base is a fault for this company .
 It was a game I was looking for and Amazon had it for the right price . I enjoy the graphics.When I want to purchase something else I will look on Amazon first .
 very very fun game u should totally buy it !! not only for your kids but for u !!
 My kids have to fight with me to get a chance to play this game . It is simply awesome !!!
 Me -LRB- 14 -RRB- and my sister -LRB- 10 -RRB- bought the Logical Journey of the Zombinis maybe 4 years ago and it was sooo much fun . Im sick of all these bad reviews beause they are all lies . when my sister was five and we had this game she was not completely confused like some other people are from other reviews . and people say that it is the same logic over and over , NOT TRUE , it is soo different and each level of difficulty makes the puzzle much different . This game takes you though an arcane island filled with different adventures to save the zoombinis , from pizza making to mud throwing , its all fun . My sister and i used to play it 24/7 . We had no clue it was even educational and my parents were so happy when they saw us getting further and further into the game . I have to say , we cut down on the playing a little bit because it got kind of boring if you play it every day . Even i am still challenged by this amazing game.I just got a new labtop , i tried zombinis on it and it didnt work :-LRB- but it worked on my sisters so we still got to play . I heard just weeks ago that not one but two sequels to the zombinis are out !! i cant wait to buy them . This game really works on any type of computer except mine -LRB- a compaq windows xp presario 2100 -RRB- . THIS GAME REALLY IS AMAZING !!!!
 As one of the biggest Zoombinis fans on the planet , I was really excited to find out that The Learning Company was making a third Zoombinis title , though not as surprised as when I had found out about the second . This game has fewer puzzles than the first two , but includes science , while the others were just math and logic . There are seven different puzzles , each with three levels of difficulty . Once you perfectly beat a puzzle on one level three times , you are upgraded to the next skill level for that puzzle . Unlike the first two , however , you are able to step down from a higher level if it is too hard , then go back up any time . This makes it so that you are not afraid to do well . There are two puzzles based on games from `` Logical Journey '' , as happened to several in the sequel , `` Mountain Rescue . '' The plot this time involves returning to the homeland , which the Bloats , mean Viking-type creatures , have evacuated after chasing you out -LRB- at the beginning of the first game , Logical Journey -RRB- . They have left the environment a mess , so the Zoombinis must return to save the creatures living there . This game was much easier than the others , and only took me five days to beat -LRB- at one to two hours per day -RRB- , whereas I would have to play for five days straight to beat the first game , requiring you to keep playing harder puzzles and get about three times the Zoombinis through nearly twice as many puzzles . The graphics have , once again , been upgraded , making older computers unable to play it -LRB- though newer computers have trouble playing the original editions of the first game -RRB- . The puzzles involve absolutely nothing dealing with the Zoombinis ' physical features , unlike the predecessors , mainly based around their traits . This means that you can make all 240 Zoombinis exactly the same , which is humorous , but confusing . The puzzles are all based on the Zerbles ' bodily characteristics , the flower types , or some other thing of nature . This new science concept makes up the other five puzzles , of which my favorite is the `` Planetarium '' . In the planetarium , you must put in coins to make the earth revolve an hour at a time . The sun must also be aligned to hatch cocoons at certain angles . In the higher levels , you have to deal with dollar bills , which make up days , and the cocoons can only hatch in certain lunar phases . Some of the other fun and educational puzzles cover Venn diagramming -LRB- overlapping circles -RRB- , dominating genes in reproduction , synchronizing mechanics , and decoding symbols by identifying patterns . The ending is n't too exciting , just a congratulation message from the narrator . The graphics present a new idea about Zoombinis - their genders are now apparently determined by their eyes , not their hair , as in games one and two . This means that boys can have a ponytail , which is more popular today than when the first game premiered . It also means that girls can be bald , which looks awfully strange . Previously boys always had at least some little hairs on their heads . Despite all of the large changes , `` Zoombinis Island Odyssey '' remains similar to the first and is almost as much fun , integrating even more educational value . If you liked this game , try the first two , `` Logical Journey '' and `` Mountain Rescue . ''
 The kids picked it up in no time -LRB- ages 9 & 6 . -RRB- Me , I could n't figure it out but at least they enjoyed it . However they beat it in one day .
 We play many adult and child board and online games and I am not aware of a game that is more mentally stimulating while being fun for a child . My daughter has been playing this since she turned 4 and continues to ask for this series two years later . I am not sure that one needs to have all of the games from the series , since many of the puzzles are based on the same type of logic , but I feel that every child should own a copy of one . Since the puzzles offer four levels of difficulty , most of them would be challenging for the average adult . The great replay value will help boost a child 's analytical skills to a point that many of their school tasks become trivial.Yes , there seem to be a puzzle or two here and there that are confusing and I have n't figured out if the logic is `` what it should be '' , but may be I just do n't have that type of logic yet ...
 The software was fine , however , it was short . My son went through it in less than two weeks . You can repeat the program by entering a new name . He liked it .
 I grew up on the original `` zoombini 's the logical journey '' and i love this game . Its very addictive . But I thought for sure I could beat it now , Im an adult ! C'mon ! But nope . . this game is beyond my brain ! Very good for childrens ' and adults ' minds
 This DVD , purchased on pure whim , proved to be a delightful surprise . It looks to be made by a bunch of college students and combines , animation , skits , etc. . If you want serious Spanish study this is n't it . Let me repeat - this is not for serious students of any foreign language !! But it is fast moving , funny , challenging and extremely well done . It pokes fun at all the language conventions while imparting good useful information . Certainly , the info could be presented less embellished -LRB- boring -RRB- but their crazy presentation approach has allowed me to associate words and phrases much easier . I will never forget how to say `` burp '' in Spanish or excuse me ! My young daughter , who did n't want to study Spanish , is now fully engrossed in this video . An absolutely fantastic intro to Spanish . Well done Cerebellum !
 If you buy this for your PC be aware that it is amost identical to the Standard Deviants Algebra DVD . It is a timely , entertaining and effective program for learning the basics of algebra without the hassles . However it is not complete alone . Great as a suppliment , also , this is one of the better Standard Deviants products . -LRB- I liked chemistry , statistics , and all the other math DVD 's too -RRB- The best algebra resource I have found . Worth the money if you need to learn or review algebra .
 It was perfect for all levels of Grammer learning and helped more than any book could .
 I have never used a software product I like more . I found the approach to be truly unique . Easy to use , fun , exciting , totally different .
 I travel through out the Carolina 's and Virginia , this program gets me door to door with the quickest and most acurate route . It talks to you , corrects wrong turns and shows your progress . It 's a great tool for travel .
 If you 've tried the others and had problems , you should give this one a try . Once you get this , there are updates to download with more features and bug fixes . I can actually make a DVD from MPEG-2 files with this software . Comes with a buffer to avoid overburns . Great for copying any type of file . Comes with a wizard to walk you through the process . Anyone working with MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 movie files would love this . I use a PCI IDE controller so I can burn from anything super fast . I recommend this to any computer tech or newbies . Comes with many options , and will even format to compliance . Two thumbs up !
 After reading the few bad reports on Nero , I had to write this . I have been using it with no problems for over a year now . I started with ver . 5.04 and have upgraded to ver . 5.5 . I feel the new release has more options.I have tried E-Z cd creator and did not care for it.The most important thing is to goto your hardware makers web site or to call them to see if the software you are looking to purchase will support your drive and OS .
 Nero has been the ideal burning program for me . There is a wizard if you like that feel , but for the more technical , Nero offers a very indepth assortment of tweaks and adjustments to meet the user 's needs . I have never had any problems with it although I have not let it add anything like the boot menu to my system.If you want a great burning program that allows for great in depth control and configuration get Nero !
 I had so much trouble with Roxio Ez-CDC , that I am grateful for anything that works . This one does!Like many quality European products , it gives the impression of being a bit over-engineered . There are lots of settings , options and other things to twiddle , if you want to dump the wizards . I particularly like the way it handles addition of files to multi-session disks . A checkoff is there to specify that that 's what you want , and the resulting `` compilation '' -LRB- ! -RRB- menu highlights the new file -LRB- s -RRB- . No `` Do you want to replace , Yes , No or indifferent '' song and dance . One file , inserted into an existing folder works perfectly.Documentation is a little weak , in my opinion , and I have lang syne given up on _ everybody 's _ tech support , so that one is a none-issue . The CD Jewel Case labeler works ok , but if it has support for standard label formats , I could n't find it.Being not to terribly bright , it took me a few minutes to make the connection between the product 's name and its intended purpose . `` Rom '' is the German spelling for Rome , so who better to burn ROM 's than Nero , whether they be media or cities . However , this Nero definitely does not fiddle!Postscript , in which my enthusuasm is a little more guarded.I would like InCD to write to CD-R as well as CD-RW . ECDC does so with the further option of formatting the disk to conventional `` Joliet '' format.The sound recorder is one of those apps that generates temp files with no thought of deleting them when they are no longer needed . My machine ground to a halt when my 10-gig system partion filled to capacity and crowded out the swap file . Nero Sound Recorder had created 5-gigabytes of temp files!Moral
 Hands down , Nero Burning ROM is all of the above - Maximum PC Magazine even uses it as their standard for rating CD-RW drives . After bad experiences with countless other CD burning apps , NBR is quite refreshing . Do n't even try anything else - Nero is the best by far , and worth every penny !
 I recently purchased Nero 5.5 and could not get it to recognize my Sony CD writer . I contacted tech support by email , and received a response within hours ! They suggested downloading the newest update from their website , and had other troubleshooting suggestions as well . I downloaded the newest update , and have had no trouble burning cds using several different formats . I found all the info needed contained in their help files . I think this product is superior to Adaptec 's CD Creator . A good buy .
 I recently purchased Nero 5.5 . I could not get it to work with my Sony CD burner . I wrote tech support and received an answer within hours . They gave me some suggestions and also mentioned that there is an update available . I downloaded the update , Nero5590.exe , and made sure my old burning software was completely uninstalled . Now it works just fine . Thank you Nero !
 First of all , let me say that I was very surprised just how easy and professional Nero software handled my CD burning tasks.And Now , the plain truth , you know how it is ! We all do n't have 30 hours to read over the enclosed digital manual . Futhermore , with so many applications on my computer it will take me several years to really utilize the power of all my software suites . When I intially purchased my current computer
 After using almost every different type of burning and decoding software on the market , taking the long way aroung each time , I ran into Nero . Nero is available as a demo on CNET 's -LRB- ... -RRB- for 30 days , and is just enough to change anyone 's mind . With the aid of it 's onboard decoder , all you have to do is click and drag your mp3 files to a seperate window , and they are automaticaly checked for errors , and converted to WAV format in half the time . Burning time also seems to be faster , regardless of the speed of your burner . You can also use the utility to print lables , titles , and even cd cover sheets . Amazon has a hit on it 's hands , for the low price offered . It makes a great gift for anyone into internet music and entertainment . I give it a 5 star raiting because it is a time saver , and is relatively easy to get to know .
 I really have to say the is the easiest software to burn cds with . I 've been using nero for about a year now . I recently upgraded to a new computer that has xp , and i thought i would try roxio ez cd creator 5 platinum , nothing but problems . So i went back to using nero . What i love best about nero , is that it is n't confusing at all . You do n't have to read through tons of manuals to work it . All you so is drag and drop , then press that little burn button . If your stuck between nero burning rom 5.5 and ez cd creator 5 , and are an xp user , go with nero .
 Word of advice , if you have Windows XP , and you have Roxio 's Easy CD creator 5 , it wo n't work . Most new computers and cd burners come with Roxio , but I had more frisbees than usual with Roxio . And with the addition of Windows XP Professional , it just got worse even with the updates . Another thing , I have purchased a cd burner from Sony for my other computer with Windows 98 , and it came with their own software , what a joke!I called tech support from Sony , and they basically told me to buy Sony CD-R 's . So , what was I supposed to do ? I looked for some cd burning software , and I found Nero . Got a 30 day trial , and it brought new life to both of my computer 's CD writers.Now , I got the FULL VERSION of Nero 5.5 , and it works GREAT!So , if you recently bought a computer with Windows XP with Roxio , BUY NERO IF YOU WANT TO BURN CD 'S , NOT FRISBEES .
 After going around in circles trying to get Roxio 's products to work , I finally caved in and followed some good advice
 My Plexwriter 12/10/32A came bundled with Easy CD Creator . After making a dozen or so coasters , reinstalling the program several times and dialoging with tech support , I downloaded the free Nero demo 5.5 and became sold on Nero . It worked the first time . No coasters , and the CD 's are burned fast , reliably and with excellent quality sound . The only drawback is the labeler is somewhat difficult to use , but a small price to pay considering the overall performance of the software . I am ordering the full version from Amazon.com , which includes the entire manual .
 I have read other reviews of individuals having problems with other operating systems , such as Windows 2000 , so please read their reviews . I have Windows 98 , first edition . Like many people , I had little experience with burning CD 's but wanted to get into making my own . I tried Easy CD-Creator , but could not get it to work with my Plexwriter 12/10/32 , even though it shipped with the Plexwriter . After many emails and tech support calls to both Plextor and Easy CD , following the uninstall suggestions and patches , I could NOT get the software to work without freezing the system . I read the reviews on Nero and decided to download the demo from AHEAD software ... BINGO . . worked the first time . No coasters so far . It is intuitively easy for the beginner to start making CD 's right away . I have found it to be a great program , and NO SCREEN FREEZES like I was getting with Easy CD Creator . I say ... great program , go for it .
 I laugh every time I read a review of this software and it 's mentioned that it 's tough to navigate , especially compared to the more popular Roxio Easy CD Creator . I wonder how many of these folks have Roxio stock . Nero is WAY easier than Roxio 's CD Creator . I 've used Roxio 4 and 5 . I 've never found it easy to navigate , and I 've burned countless coasters . If you are wondering if you might burn a useless coaster - try the Windows Media Player 's CD burn option . -LRB- If you did n't get it with your version of Windows , download the update . -RRB- Both are based on the same base . If you 've made a coaster on one , you 'll do it with the other . At least I have.OTOH , Nero is incredibly easy . I do n't know about its earlier incarnations . But it now has easy-to-use wizards , and is totally drag and drop . After you 've decided what to write to disc , you can trim the mp3 if you want to rid a too-long fadeout or the dead air that happens far too often in creating mp3s . You can also blend songs.Three things Nero does n't do - it wo n't write mp3s unless you pay more -LSB- money -RSB- , it wo n't easily back up your hard drive , and it ca n't combine two songs into one -LRB- like the Kings `` This Beat Goes On/Switchin ' To Drive '' , which should never be separated -RRB- . But you can write mp3s more easily with Music Match or several other programs , and back up your hard drive by creating several data CDs with a little intelligence . The song combining is useful for about 5 tunes -LRB- Sirius/Eye in the Sky is another -RRB- . And despite the reviews , it 's far more intuitive and does n't require you to figure out which module of the program you need to use.This is what Roxio Easy CD Creator should be . Unlike Roxio , you do n't have to have your turntable connected to your computer to edit out pops from LPs . You do n't have navigate through your Start menu to figure out which program to open to do any process - what a concept . Best of all , you can download and try it out for a month . For absolutely free ! Try it out . Then buy it . -LRB- The box has some stuff not in the downloaded version . -RRB- ...
 I recently got a HP 9700 Series CD Writer and it came with The Roxio / Adaptec software . I have had many problems with this software which caused windows to not run at all . After reading the reviews ofor Nero Burning Rom I finally decided to try the free download from ZDNet.This is the full version that only works for 1 month . I have been very impressed with this software . Many of the reviews I read hinted at the difficulty of using this program . However , I found that it is complicated but not that difficult.There are a few things that I wish to point out for other people lookig at this program . 1 . It writes Both CDR and CDRW , I had a hard time finding this in the information on this site . As well as Music CD 's , Bootable CD 's and several other types eg . DVD 2 . If you have trouble with Roxio / Adaptec software , Nero seems to work on those systems . While people having trouble with Nero seem to find Roxio more agreeable to their system . 3 . Download the free demo from ZDnet first ! I it does n't work you are n't out much -LRB- Nero has a good uninstall program -RRB- . 4 . Many of Nero 's features seem to be mostly fluff . If you have a program that works I would keep it . The label-maker is hard to use , the audio effects are pretty basic from and editing standpoint , but they do work . If you have burning software that works there are other programs that do these functions much better.I for one am glad I tried it .
 Do n't be fooled by rubbish reviews of this software
 I use this and Stomp 's RecordNow for most of my burning needs . If I am just burning Audio CD copies or Data CD copies I normally use RecordNow becuase it 's what I started using first and the wizard for copies is just plain simple . The Nero software has what seems to be more options but also seems a little more difficult to wade through . I ca n't understand why anybody would buy this software for the retail price though as it comes bundled with many of the current CD-RW drives offered for less than the cost of the software . I purchased a HI-Val 48x16x48 Internal CD-RW drive for less than the cost of the software and it was bundled free inside the box . The software is good but use your money for the latest and greatest CD-RW drive instead and get the software for free .
 I 'm from Malaysia and have just started using Nero 5.5 version . Totally satisfied with its outstanding quality performance . It 's versatile , variable and fast . However , i 'm not familiar with choice of burn formats to enable finished VCD to play on a household VCD player . Would be much obliged and grateful , if somebody could advise me on what configuration/format to burn in , in order for finished disc to be able to be played on normal household VCD players . I use Pinnacle Studio 7.0 version to convert to MPEG movie and my camcorder is a JVC Digital Mini DV.Thanking you in advance . Have a nice day !
 Easy to figure out and use . We have it at work and use it to burn data CDs . It 's so simple , I 've never even used the manual . Sure beats the socks off the other s/w out there . I 'm going to get a copy for home , as I do n't like the burning s/w that came with my new computer .
 You ca n't ask for a better product then what Nero consists of . I can deal with having no MP3 encoding capabilities , but the fact that it ca n't make MP3 's cd 's really upsets me since I make a lot of them . Otherwise a great product .
 Ok . I never buy from the internet . I do n't trust it ! I decided to give this seller and Amozon a try figured it would be worth the investment to determine if one could actually purchase a product from the web and get what you paid for.I waited less then expected for my software to arrive . When it did arive the package was new and orderly . In fact I was given a freebee , which I verry much appreciated ! Everything felt right . Installed it with no real problems . Now you could n't hold me back from buying from Amazon and especially this seller again . They will be my first choice to search before I go anywhere else!Nothing else to say but , Thank you !
 I installed easy CD and had nothing but problems , then I down loaded Niro from the web cite and it 's been great !! Finally a Buring proigram that works . I 've orderred 5.5 from amazon.My advice
 I just purchased a new 48x24x48 Lite-on Drive , that came bundled with the Nero 5.5 WOW . I 've been sold on Roxio 's Easy CD Creator 5 Platinum for 2 years , no longer . Sure the interface with Roxio 's product is better looking , but I 'd rather have performance and options . The other reveiwers of this product are pretty much right on the money , not much I could add to them.I 'm ordering the Full version of Nero 5.5 for my other PC as soon as I finish this reveiw . I dont think you can go wrong on this one !
 Nero Burning goes from strength to strength , it really does.I first tried this product in frustration after the product my burner came with turned my burner into a coaster factory ! Dozens of defective disks and no explanation why . The trial allowed me to check that my burner was compatible , for a start , and to see if the coaster-production dropped off . It was a yes on both counts so I purchased it.I have now been using this product for two years and I think it is the best there is . It has all the functions you need for creating special CD-R 's -LRB- bootable CD 's , for example , or DVD 's if you have a DVD-R -RRB- as well as helpful wizards to hide the complexity for new users.I recently upgraded my burner to an external 40x Iomega firewire unit and both worked together perfectly , first time - unusual in my experience for hardware and software to be so harmonious without some tweaking ! The range of burners this product supports is amazing and is clearly updated very regularly -LRB- my unit is very recent . -RRB- If you are struggling with the lite version of some product that came with your burner , this is the product for you . It 's worth every penny .
 This is by far the best piece of CD burning software out there . Some common negative remarks against Nero were :1 . Ca n't burn . mp3 ` sA
 After using several different Burning softwares , I have to say that this may be one of the best . I have a plextor burner , and Nero 5.5 seems to run hand in hand with it . I have burned many mp3 's , game software , and cd to cd disk 's with no problems . Nero 5.5 is very user friendly
 Anyone having trouble with XP should check that they actually have 5.5 and not 5.0 . They come in the same box . 5.5 Installed flawlessly on my XP system and works just great ! I had earlier version of Nero on my previous box with Win95 and it also worked great . I have not tried all the functions yet but they all appear to load ok etc. .
 As far as I 'm concerned , Nero is the best CD & DVD burning app that I 've found on the market so far . I have a SCSI CD-RW & a FireWire CD-RW and I burn to both drives simultaneously with Nero . My success rate for burning clean CDs is 99 % with this software , which is better than I 've encountered with any other app so far . So far , I 've not had a single DVD data burn not complete with Nero doing the burning . Nero can burn MP3s directly to audio CDs without any separate conversion programs , Nero can burn custom data DVDs using a very simple wizard , Nero supports multiple CD image formats -LRB- NRG , ISO , BIN/CUE -RRB- & Nero is probably the 2nd best app for creating CD to CD backups -LRB- CloneCD taking 1st prize there -RRB- . This program is well worth the money .
 I 've spent my many years using Adaptec and Roxio easy CD creator software . I was very satisfied with them just because of their simplicity . When I tried Nero for the first time , I was very dissatisfied with it because at the time , I was n't too familiar with the Nero terminology , but years later since i 've become a technician , Nero 5.5 has become one of my best friends . The software is easier to use , I admire the ways you can customize your CDs and I love all the options it gives . I get less errors with Nero and it supports a more broader range of CD burners than Roxio does . Any experienced computer user should definately use Nero over Roxio .
 It IS the BEST burning program I 've ever used . Many people do n't know that Nero not only supports CD-R/RW burning but also DVD-R / - RW / + R / + RW/RAM burning !! It is not difficult to use at all . Nero gives * a lot * of options while burning . Not to mention , the virus scanning feature before burning . I 've been using it since version 4.0.8.3 and it keeps getting better ! For people whining about so called `` difficulty '' of using this program , Nero now comes with EXpress which should stop their whining . I do n't understand why people purchase Roxios EAsy cd creator . I think its the people who does n't know much about different cd-formats . It costs more than nero , does n't even go near the features nero offers , very restricting -LRB- meaning * a lot * fewer options -RRB- , and so on . I 'm not saying roxios is the worst , but it would be a half broken bicycle whearas Nero would be a Hummer.If you want to get the MOST out of your money , Nero is the answer . Easy CD does n't worth -LSB- amt -RSB- . I would never pay more than -LSB- amt -RSB- for such program . Maybe a dime more for their effort .
 I never used a cd burner before , I have friends that do , but this was a cinch , and to be able to add more base and to stereoize old songs -LCB- like gene autry 1934 -RRB- for example , its amazing . It also got rid of the old noise in old songs , -LCB- like a tinny sound -RCB- i burned a cd of oldies for my transit to work , and the xtra base with more stereo and a little reverb makes me think i , m at home . Problem I have now is , my friends want me to burn cds for them and or alter them . I , ll keep this one thanks . Its great for the average guy who just wants good music , not technical gadgets . The wizard is the key to my sucsess . and to format a cdrw for use as a floppy ? Great !!
 I have been using versions of Nero since 1999 and generally it does a * very * good job - much better IMHO than EZCD , it has many useful options and provides good feedback.I have just however installed it on a Notebook with a combined DVD/CD-RW running XP and while it burns fine it now does not `` simulate '' at all.Nero 's support are not the speediest to respond to new problems and looking at their site there are many ways to foul it up , I briefly had a TDK 32X drive that really did not get on with it at all well , yet my Wife 's TDK 16X on an identical system with the same OS worked - go figure.In summary it is great if it works but it does not always work - I suggest you * try their Demo version first * before parting with any cash .
 Having used Roxio and updated for XP , I can say that the demo Nero 5.5 downloaded and installed like butter . I did not read any instructions but tested the interface with intuition . The music CD copied flawlessly . I did not check out all the features and do the normal reading of the online manual . I just plunked in the source CD and a blank one and let the program go . Nero recognized my external burner USB and then started to burn . I set the speed to 8X , not finding 4x -LRB- later I did -RRB- . The time was quite long 50 mins , compared to Roxio 's 20mins . I will test Nero again and hope it reduces the time . Otherwise I was totally pleased with how smooth everything went . Roxio is pissing me off lately and have wasted one too many coasters . I will buy Nero .
 I have n't tried all the functions of this program , but it has worked very well where others have failed . This is the third program that I have tried for my Yamaha CDRW/DVD player . It has been a miserable trial and error process . -LRB- Side tangent
 This program for me is without the best buy i have ever made ... . Its is very user friendly . . Personally for me the best part is Nero Wave Editor ... . Very easy too pick up , no need to even read a manual . What ever you need to copy on CD , from MP3 , data etc. it gives you great results . Also CD COVER DESIGN is very usefull edition to this package.These designers have done a very good job . I recommend NERO to everyone . Its excellent buy for its value .
 I must admit up front that I have never used Adaptec/Roxio 's Easy CD Creator . Prior to using Nero , I used Prassi PrimoCD Plus , which shipped with my CD/RW drive , and had nothing but problems , freezes , and crashes . Since installing and using Nero -LRB- first 5.0.4.8 , now 5.5.2.3 -RRB- I have had no problems to date that were not caused by me . Coaster creation has been minimal , and usually do to me pushing to hard while burning . Nero burns every format , from Audio CD , VCD/SVCD , ISO , Mixed Mode , and handles multisession very well.I found the user interface to be friendly and intuitive . The only weakness I found were the extras , which are n't bad , but just are n't spectacular . The cover designer is somewhat difficult to learn and manipulate , but it is functional and does what it promises , once you get the hang of it . I 'd have been happier with a few less in the way of extras and a few bucks of the price , but I 'm still very satisfied overall.In short , if you are comfortable with another software package for your burning , and is is n't giving you headaches , I 'd stick with it . If you do n't have any package , or are having troble with another one , then I would certainly give Nero a try , especially if all you plan to do is burn , and do n't care about the `` fluff '' .
 I tried both programs and the Nero works better . Not as many errors and it copies cleanly . . No problems using it with winXP either ... Plus they provide free updates !!!! I hate getting stuck with a program that you have to buy a new version because the company wo n't provide updates for its product !! I copied a CD that I had problems with when using the OTHER Roxio software with no problem !!! I think you will like it . .
 My computer came bundled with Easy CD Creator from Roxio , and after making 3 shiny coasters , I uninstalled it . I was looking to get the nero burning rom software but after reading the reviews for Windows ME applications I was n't sure . I am running Windows ME on a newer Dell computer . After downloading the demo and installing it , I proceeded to burn a copy of a disc without a problem first try . I did n't have any problems installing and running it at all . I will definately be getting the full version soon .
 I 've been using Nero over the past two years for all of my MP3 CD recording needs , and overall I 'm fairly happy with it . It 's definitely easy to use , leveraging Explorer like drag-n-drop functionality . Reliability is very good , although I have had a couple of data integrity problems -LRB- e.g. two MP3 songs somehow got merged , one simply refused to play , and one CD had seek errors -RRB- with perhaps 3 CDs out of 50 made . I do advise not using your PC for anything while Nero is burning a CD.Creating AUDIO CDs
 I purchased Easy CD Creator 5 . My CDRW worked with 4 , actually it came with it so I thought I 'd be safe . Well , to make a long story short . 3 hours on the phone with Roxio tech support and 5 more hours reinstalling my OS and applications and Easy CD Creator 5 just does n't work . I have a common Plextor 12/10/32a drive.I came across Nero and installed it . Worked on the first try . I have written 5 cds so far and it has worked flawlessly . It support burn proof technology , so I can do other things while burning.I will be trying to return Easy CD Creator 5 .
 All I want to do is burn CD 's . I want to burn mp3 's . I want to burn audio CD 's . I want to burn my favorite software . I want to burn anything of value to archive and back-up . Nero makes all of this easy . I just select the particular kind of CD I 'm going to burn and then it shows me my hard drive , after which I select whatever files I want to burn.There 's a disk space meter at the bottom of the program window . It 's especially helpful when burning mp3 's . It 's quite easy to go over the limit when adding files to burn , and Nero will show exactly how much space your disk will have , or how much space you need to free up if you 've added too many.Adding files is as easy as clicking and dragging . One window is your harddrive , the other window is the files selected for burning.I suppose there are more complicated , feature-rich programs out there but Nero is everything I need to burn my CD 's easily , quickly , and painlessly.I got my copy free with my CD burner , but I 'd gladly buy it if I needed to . It 's worth every penny .
 For starters , Nero is not the best.Neither is Roxio or any of theother ones mentioned.They 're consumer level burning rom.If youwant the best burning rom available you better save up some cashNero is , however , very good.I use on two computers , one running 98and the other XP Home.To edit , master and burn top quality audio , I use Stienberg Wave Lab 4.0 , Wave Lab will run you $ . Cake Walk Pyro will cost you $ and is better than any ofthose mentioned in the other posts.But Nero is good software andshould n't be run down.I would get it over Roxio and Easy CD , butprofessional burning rom will smoke them all.You do n't have tospend the $ for Wave Lab , there are other titles in the $ - $ range that are extensive and do some amazing things . 3-27-03 : I want to amendmy review and say I think Nero5 .5 is better than Pyro.After pla-ying around with it , it does n't have anything Nero does n't andit takes Pyro too long to prepare the cd before it starts theburning process.No effects on Pyro either .
 I purchased this software from Amazon.com but I did not notice , when I brought it that it was an OEM package . This software did not work with my CD-R drive . So , do not buy an OEM version of Nero 5 or 6 , if you do not know if it will work with your drives . I had to use the demo version of Nero 6 Ultra Edition to burn my SVCD , meanwhile I have a OEM version of Nero 5.5 to sell , $ 8 plus shipping.Conquero@aol.com
 To put it lightly my experience with cd burning got off to a bad start about 3 years ago . Until Nero never did I think you could burn an audio cd directly from mp3z . I used to waste the hard drive space and create the wav files and afterwards delete them . Now days I can burn vcd 's , svcd 's , data cd 's , audio cd 's , etc. , with ease . Thanks Nero.I have only one complaint about Nero , when you wan na buy it you ca n't find it .
 I bought Easy CD Creator 4 Deluxe about 6 months ago . It was better than what initially came with my burner . After a few hardware upgrades , I was lucky to make 1 CD out of 20 attempts.I could NOT make it work anymore -LRB- under Windows 2000 -RRB- . I moved the Burner to another machine and install a fresh copy of Win98se -LRB- since ECDC does n't play well with w2k -RRB- , it would n't even recognize that a clean disk was in there . I flashed the BIOS on the machine , made sure Win98 was completely patched , etc. . Once I downloaded the trial version of Nero - WOW it worked the first time AND burned at the full 16x that the CD-R is capable of.The UI is a little hard -LRB- compared with ECDC -RRB- , but it works . I 'm sold and ordering this software right now .
 That 's right , I 've been looking for Cd Burning software for some time now , but finally , -LRB- as I knew I would -RRB- I found it . Nero was everything I had hoped it would be . After years of using Easy CD Creator , I ran into a major snag when upgrading to Windows XP , and was ticked-off , to put it mildly . After spending much money , time and effort buying new Roxio software , downloading patches that did n't work . Then , buying other assorted software that did n't deliver - I found Nero 5.5 . Now the search is over . And the translation from German to English does n't bother me either , because I Speak German ! Imagine that ! Thank-you Nero , GOD BLESS YOU ... JPUCKFACE
 I want to thank amazon and the seller for their help when the cd does not come to my hand for about 16 days so I contact the seller and they send me an email saying that it returns back to them and they shipped it again and gave me the tracking number.I tracked it and it shipped to me few days later and still shipped within the time specified.The Nero 5 CD is a very good burning CD although you might take few days to learn ut well because I got that CD since 2006 but I lost it.It has a very good quality of making the CD bootable and that 's what I want exactly.So 5 starts for the CD quality and the software.and 5 + stars for the AMAZON and the Seller.Thank you
 I 've used many CD-writing applications , and can honestly say Nero Burning ROM is the best . Its user-interface is very simple , yet allows you to change even the most advanced settings for burning . You can easily add CD titles , and specifify different preferences for the CD . It comes with both versions - Plain Nero , and Nero Express . Nero Express is just a simpler version that may appeal more to users who do n't know their way around the computer all that well . Now , I 'm not one of them , but I still prefer Nero Express for its simplicity and quickness to start the burning process.Nero can burn anything , from data CD 's to music CD 's , and even Video CD 's -LRB- or VCD -RRB- , that can play in your DVD player.Do yourself a favor -- if you 're looking for a good program to help you burn CD 's , go with Nero !
 Nero Burning Rom is hands down the best burning software available . It may be a little difficult for newbies ; but , for everyone else , there is no better choice . It is much more powerful than Easy CD Creator .
 My computer came bundled with Easy CD Creator from Roxio , and after making 3 shiny coasters , I uninstalled it . I was looking to get the nero burning rom software but after reading the reviews for Windows ME applications I was n't sure . I am running Windows ME on a newer Dell computer . After downloading the demo and installing it , I proceeded to burn a copy of a disc without a problem first try . I did n't have any problems installing and running it at all . I will definately be getting the full version soon .
 I have XP Pro and Roxio dose n't work ! I 've added the patches that they have on the web site but my burner did n't work ... until I loaded Nero in.I have n't had any problems since then . Wait , I take that back . Nero dose n't recognize my DVD player.But that is sooo small a problem.On the whole I give Nero 5 stars because it burns CDs excellently.I would highly recommend it to anyone having problems with Roxio .
 I downloaded the trial version before buying this from Amazon.com . Overall it is an excellent product.Of the collection of software , I 've largely avoided the Nero Express -LRB- with a simplified user interface -RRB- , Nero Wave Editor , and NeroMediaPlayer . Nero Express is about as annoying and limiting as EZ CD Creator was , Wave Editor -LRB- it actually stopped working recently -RRB- is n't quite as powerful as Creative Wave Studio that I got with my Soundblaster Live ! card , and the MediaPlayer is n't as sophisticated as Musicmatch Jukebox or Windows Media Player . Since the MP3 ripper has a limited-use trial period , I also use Musicmatch Jukebox for that feature.Where Nero Burning ROM really shines are the buffer underrun protection , good controls over burning data and music CDs , the ability to create and save disc images , and the ability to create and tweak VCD 's . VCD 's work well on many DVD players . I can control pauses between tracks , and even create a menu of scenes complete with a background image . It will re-encode MPEG files if needed to the VCD format . I have found burning SVCDs -LRB- if your DVD player supports this format -RRB- to provide a big improvement in video quality at the cost of larger files.The only thing I am missing is a status or summary display to show me exactly how many bytes I 'm under or over the limit for various blank discs -LRB- 650Mb , 700Mb , etc. -RRB- . The only way for me to find out at the moment is to start the Write CD dialog and see if I get a message asking if it 's OK to overburn . The Info screen with data listed in KB and MB do n't confirm if I 'm under or over .
 I am no fuss person and have no time in figuring outwhat works or do n't work . All I needed is a simple CD burning software that will duplicate any CD I want duplicated or back up any important files that need backing up.The fact
 Whenever I read this many negative reviews about a good product I have to comment . Nero 5.5 is the best CD burner out there , much better than `` Easy CD Creator '' which is a true piece of junk.I installed this on three computers with Windows Me on them and they all worked fine . I build my own computers and can only assume that if you have problems installing this software you have something goofy with your system , and it is not the software itself . I have discovered while repairing friends ' computers and upgrading them for them that usually it is some overlooked detail in the system that is actually causing a problem and not the software.This software is reliable , intuitive to use , and the maker is constantly tweaking it to improve it . I do n't own stock in the company . I am a retired newspaper editor who has no vested interest in anything but the truth , which is why I retired ...
 I 've used Nero , EZCD , and a few other Cd-writing packages , and Nero is tops . there 's no cd-writing task I ca n't do with it ; everything from copying MP3 's to Audio Cd 's , burning Video CD 's , and even hybrid audio/data Cd 's are a breeze . Nero will definitely be in my software arsenal for a long time .
 For people who enjoy customizing software and fine tuning results , this is much better than Roxio 's basic offerings , although I have n't used their premier apps . Once you get the hang of the steps involved , Nero is very efficient.One thing that initially bugged me was that `` Joliet '' was n't checked by default for ISO burning . Without it , filenames are truncated back to the Stone Age , so watch out for that setting . I 'd experiment with CD-RWs before you fully understand Nero anyhow.I would caution that people who prefer their software dumbed-down -LRB- or are terminally afraid of computers -RRB- may find Nero frustrating , unless they stay forever in Wizard mode . It 's one of those programs you really have to dive into to appreciate . The spotty Help menu assumes a lot goes with saying , but so far there 's nothing I have n't been able to figure out.Nero does a great job with VCDs , by the way . Before , I was playing around with `` VCDEasy '' -LRB- freeware -RRB- but this gives much better results with no guesswork . The biggest flaw in Nero is the CD jacket creator . I find it inflexible and time consuming so I use another Drawing app instead .
 I have been using uni 5.1 dlxe for quite some time and I love it , just hope this new 6.5 is as good or better
 EndNote is an extremely powerful tool for organising large numbers of references - great for researchers . Add references to the database manually , by `` filtering '' in your saved searches from databases or a friend 's EndNote or Procite reference list , or by connecting directly to databases which support the Z39 :50 standard . Select the bibliography style you need -LRB- hundreds available , or design your own -RRB- and add straight into your article or thesis - it places a citation in the text and formats a tidy bibliography at the end . It 's easy to reformat the citations into other styles -LRB- as when you need to submit your article to numerous journals -RRB- . Veteran users will be pleased that version 5 has the same look and feel as the last version , with some nice new features . EN5 integrates into Word much better and allows you to see your ciations immediately without having to `` format bibliography . '' The bibliography can be hand-edited to do quick fixes -LRB- although it is overwritten if you reformat -RRB- Best of all , EN now encodes the library data into your document , so you can do last minute edits on someone else 's computer without ruining your citations.The spell check facility within individual references is a bonus , although it is a little limited and will need to be taught many scientific or specialist words.First time users should expect to spend a long time learning the ins and outs of this huge package -LRB- it took me a couple of weeks to use effectively -RRB- and even longer to become a `` poweruser , '' but it 's well worth the time if you have to organise lots of references . It comes with a great manual that fills in all the details you 'll need , which installs on your computer in PDF -LRB- Adobe Acrobat -RRB- format .
 This is an extremely valuable software page if you work with lots of references . For individuals writing research papers , theses , dissertations , and grants , you will find this package saves you hours and greatly increases your organization and effectiveness in formatting and utilizing references . Endnote is extremely easy to use , and by all means take advantage of the online features immediately . Buy this software , you wo n't be sorry , I only wish I used Endnote during the years I was in graduate school .
 After adjusting to `` sticker '' shock Endnote 5.0 has indeed `` been worth the money '' for this struggling teacher-returned-to-doctorate-student . This is a fine example of software making APA more accessible and one less thing to worry about on the way to getting that final approval for a EdD . Consider this the Endnote in your search `` for real '' .
 I 've recently been exposed to this incredible tool for organizing bibliographical references , and most of my initial impressions are summarized in this thought
 Endnote is a fantastic program . The most impressive and useful feature not yet mentioned is the Z39 .50 search feature . What this means is that you can click on `` Connect '' and go to the Library of Congress or other libraries or databases -LRB- OCLC FirstSearch , for example , although this one requires a password -RRB- and download the entries directly into Endnote . You then have all the references in your own Endnote library without even going to the library site . For example , if you need to search Psych Abstracts , you can use the `` connect '' feature to search for and download the references , including the abstracts , right into your Endnote library.The tech support has been very responsive , too , and new filters and other support files are available as downloads at the main site -LRB- -LSB- URL -RSB- -RRB- . Yes , there are a few quirky features that still linger from the old versions . The interface is n't as modern as , say , Procite 's , but Endnote still works well . It is well worth purchasing and will save you many hours of additional work if you are a graduate student or academic . I 'd seriously consider it for undergrads , too , if only for the time and headaches saved in converting from format to format when you 're writing papers . Does anyone really want to memorize the differences between CBE , MLA , APA -LRB- 5th ed -RRB- , Chicago A , Chicago B , and so on ? I did n't think so , and with Endnote , you do n't have to ; the program will automatically format these references for you.No , I do n't own stock in the company ; I 'm just a convert to Endnote who , after purchasing two previous versions -LRB- 3.0 and 5.0 -RRB- has now ordered version 6 .
 As someone who was using the 2.3 version of EndNotes -LRB- that came on floppy disks -RRB- and just updated , let me say the differences are polar . Controlling the format of your bibliography is infintely easier -LRB- numbering , spacing , fonts , etc -RRB- ; the number of reference types/templates has at least doubled -LRB- including `` electonic sources '' -RRB- ; the ability to unformat and reformat citations in Word is a major plus ; the field completion in the database is a major time saver.Although some tasks are more difficult than one would expect -LRB- e.g. adding page numbers to in-text citations -RRB- and there are a few minor bugs that will likely be cleared up in updates , overall this is an excellent buy for those using versions 3 or 2 , or for some poor unfortunate person who still lacks a proper reference management program . While the flexibility is not complete , it has vastly improved.Now if only they would get on the ball and include formats for Geography journals . I mean , at least one journal in the discipline has to be on the same level of readership as `` Yeast '' -LRB- especially since geography by nature operates at much larger scales -RRB- .
 This is truly one of the most useful pieces of software I 've ever bought.If you need to incorporate references into anything you write - buy Endnote .
 After adjusting to `` sticker '' shock Endnote 5.0 has indeed `` been worth the money '' for this struggling teacher-returned-to-doctorate-student . This is a fine example of software making APA more accessible and one less thing to worry about on the way to getting that final approval for an EdD . Consider this the Endnote in your search `` for real '' .
 I wanted a clip art program that worked with Vista . I found it here . It 's easy to view the images . It 's easy to transport them into projects . It has a wonderful variety of clips under one topic . It 's worth every penny . An excellent product .
 This was a fun collection of clipart ! I have one major critique and that is the handy search feature and gallery they discuss in the product description did not work . If you are counting on being able to keyword search or view galleries do NOT buy this product ! You 're stuck using the old fashioned book with tiny black and white thumbnails . I have no idea why it failed but it did so on multiple computers , one brand new . The vector clipart is what you would expect , poor quality and pretty much useless . The rest of the collection is fun and just what I needed to complete my personal/professional projects .
 I have had the 600,000 image library for a few yeas now . I recently upgraded to the 800,000 . I could not say enough kind things about this collection . The images are great , the high res photos are high quality , the font collection is extensive . I now feel like I have purchased the last clip art library I will ever need .
 I just received my box last week and it is great . All of the images are inside the box and the printed catalog makes finding the exact image I want to use very easy and no downloading is required . I thought it would be good , but this is GREAT ! If you want clip art , this is the one to have .
 I ordered this package since I just needed a few images for a project I was doing and it looked nice . When it came in the mail I could not believe how heavy it was and there was so much inside . It comes with a huge printed image manual which makes finding any image easy . It is over 1800 pages ! This was so much more than I expected . I just ordered a second copy for my friend . 5 stars !!!
 I own a number of clip art products , and Art Explosion 800,000 is by far the best . I 've seen them bigger but never better . I run a freelance design business , and the quality of the graphics I use is of critical importance . I can tell you that the quality of the graphics in Art Explosion 800,000 is first-rate . It 's true that there 's no online searching , but it 's also true that you do n't need it . I 've found that other clip art publishers use searching as a crutch . You see , so many products are so poorly organized that the only way you have a hope of finding a useful image is with a sophisticated searching tool . Not true with Art Explosion . Art Explosion 800,000 is impecably well organized by category and subcategory . Absolutely everything is exactly where you 'd expect to find it - and the images are listed in plain English -LRB- not the old DOS 8-dot-3 file names you still find in most other collections -RRB- . So it 's as easy as it gets.No question that this product is at the top of its game for good reason . I definitely recommend it .
 Amazon has the best price going for this clip art series . Period.This collection of images , fonts , and whatnot is truly extensive . The enclosed drawing program , DrawPlus 5 , I 'd like to call `` Illustrator Lite '' ; it has some functionality -LRB- you can export your work as GIFs , TIFFs , JPEGs , and such -RRB- , but its usefulness will only get you so far until you 'd have to upgrade to the real deal.As far as the clipart and photos go , this is no ordinary collection . If you 're a desktop publisher or graphic arts moonlighter -LRB- aspiring to full time -RRB- , this is a gigantic amount of material to use for your clients . The pictures are fantastic , the clipart is comprehensive -- you 'd probably find just about anything you can think of , or at least have the basic building blocks to customize what you need -- and the fonts are a nice extra . However , most of the fonts in this collection you 'd probably already have , especially if you have MS Publisher or any Adobe product -LRB- who has the best font set in the market -RRB- . I have issues with the catalog search engine . It 's useful up to a point , but I do n't end up using it much . If you have Windows XP , you 'll be using the Windows Explorer photo feature more than the search engine , anyway . The image book -LRB- thank gods ! -RRB- that comes with this set is the size of your average Merriam-Webster dictionary , and it 's ESSENTIAL for this collection . The CDs are arranged in the exact order that the images appear in in the book , so using the book , then using Windows Explorer will be a much better searching feature than the included search engine program.For Macintosh users , there are instructions in the book as to how to use the discs . I ca n't attest to it , but I assume you can use the CDs in Macs as well as you can use them in a regular PC.The big blue book -LRB- the book is big and it 's blue -RRB- does n't have an extensive listing of the photos on the CDs . What you see in the book is only a representation of the category ; you 'll have to search the entire disk to find specific images that you want to use . Thus , you 're browsing blind as far as the book is concerned.All in all , a wonderful comprehensive library of images.P.S . Note to Pagans
 I had access to the CD version of this product that came with the Image Library Catalog in the box . I liked using it and although there was a lot of CD disc-trading with 34 discs , it worked well for me . I could usually go to the disc I wanted on the first attempt.Later , I wanted to add this collection to my home office and went back to the same store where the original version was bought . They had sent back all the CD editions where the image catalog was included in the box and replaced them with the DVD edition that is only 5 discs and you have to send off for the catalog for the low low price of shipping -LRB- $ 4.95 -RRB- . Whenever I go to use the DVD 's , I have to wait a long time for the dics to load into memory and almost forever if I request the thumbnail versions to come up in the browser.I would rather switch discs any day then spend my time staring at the monitor while waiting for the computer to load my information . The store involved is happy because they are using less box space on the shelf -LRB- or so the stock personnel said -RRB- . I am unhappy at having to send off for the manual that says it 's included on the box but is n't , the extra money for the shipping , and the awkwardness to use this ` upgraded ' product .
 I 've purchased every edition of Art Explosion clip art and can not imagine working in graphics without them . The photos alone would be worth thousands if purchased from other companies and the variety of clip art is phenomenal . The manual is about three inches thick and easily enables you to find any subject you can imagine . I 've never done a review before , but Art Explosion is a steal .
 My experience with this software as well as the company has been extremely positive . I ordered this program a little over a month ago . When I first received it from Amazon , I was amazed at the shear size of the program . It has a HUGE 1,300 page book with all the images and categories for easy reference . It also comes with 34 CDs that are loaded with images . This software is truly the largest set of art I have ever seen!Dealing with Nova Development is as easy to use as their software ! When I first opened the box I was a little overwhelmed with the whole thing , so I called tech support . I may have waited a whole 20 seconds before I began speaking with a technician . They walked me through the install and how to use the clip art . They were professional and courteous.This software gets an A + in my book ! .
 I 've been looking at buying this collection for some time now and I finally broke down and bought it . Very pleased with everything included . LOTS of stuff to use , and not just cheezy clip art - lots of boarders , symbols , brush strokes , etc. . The bundle that i bought contained 1 wrong disc -LRB- disc 3 was actually disc 30 -RRB- - one phone call and a new one was sent to my house no questions asked .
 O.K. I 'm not going to list 800,000 best things about this software , but I can say : It 's a designer 's dream - great images that you can adjustIt works with Windows VistaVery well cataloged and indexed - necessary as there is so much to choose fromSparks unlimited creativityIf you are looking for something , but will not know it until you see it , you will find it in hereExcellent ! I used it to create the images forNo man is an islandAlison J. Macmillanwww.WordisWorth.com
 The amount of clip art is more than any mere mortal will ever need . The art ranges from animated to more sophisticated . My biggest criticism of this product is the system to look up the art on the 32 DVDs that it comes with . Sometimes it 's difficult to find exactly which DVD it 's located on . I 'm confused as to why they did n't number the DVDs and then put the corresponding number of that DVD under the clip art in the guide book but they did n't so it makes finding the particular picture much more difficult than it has to be . If you are a casual user and want some simple clip art this probably would n't be a good product for you .
 I used a similar Art Explosion product to this one at a place I worked in the past and I was impressed by the wide variety of images available and the ease of use . This new product does n't seem to be as simple to use as the old one I used , burt once I got used to it , it is just fine . I love it.I did have problems loading a few of the disks , but after talking with tech support they sent me new disks without any hassle . The 3 or 4 days I had to wait for the disks to arrive was inconvenient , and I was rushed on the j0b I specifically bought the disks for , but overall I am pleased with my purchase and the tech service .
 I am so pleased with this purchase !! Under normal circumstances if I spend anything over $ 1.00 I get caught in a spiral of buyers regret . This is a feeling that I have grown accustomed to . When I received the 800,000 through the mail I shredded open the box and started skimming through what new images I could play with . I was astonished!Then , I realized something ... or rather a lack of something . I felt no remorse for buying this ! I finally had a collection of clip art that could provide an abundant amount of images for collages , labels , calendars , scrapbooks , and everything else I wanted to do .
 Still the best product out there for diversity . Something for everyone and most occasions . But damn it I really need the catalog for quick searching of the images . Nova used to include the image catalog with all their products in the past . Now you have to send for it with an additional fee ? Include it in the price and mail it all together . What a hassle . It 's too time consuming to search all those images by computer.Also it was much easier to order from Amazon than Nova Development ! What they sent me was 34 individually mailed non-marked disks that I had to send back . What the heck was that all about ?
 This is a great product . I know it 's available in a Mac version and I wish Amazon would offer that . I guess I 'll have to buy it somewhere else .
 Love the Nova 800,000 clip art . Has a great variety of clips for everything I need and works easily with my scrapbook program . Only picture I could n't find was a good orchard picture , but oh well . It 's a great value .
 Tons of different images , fonts , and borders . It is very easy to use and the large book with all of the images in it is very handy .
 As many pointed out , the search for images is n't a strong point of the set . The library contains many images of poor quality to boast the image count but eventually I found what I need . I would rather prefer smaller library with higher quality content . In general it is Ok product and I am happy with it .
 This was such a quick transaction . I received my item within a few days of buying it . The product looks like it had never been used before . Great transaction . I would buy from this seller again .
 This is an excellent collection , especially the photos . The only thing that annoys me is that the National Parks folder does n't say where exactly the photos were taken -LRB- unless you 've been to the park , you ca n't tell one from another -RRB- . The same is true for many of the other folders . China and Africa have a lot of interesting photos , but no descriptions . I do not want to mis-identify a location on a website.Please Art Explosion identify the photos within your folders .
 Great product . Useful . The catalog is fabulous . Very useful for newsletters and logo development . Thanks for the update of the product .
 Before I purchased this program , I read A LOT of customer reviews . Most of those reviews were not great , and I almost did not buy this program . I 'm glad I did . There were a lot of complaints about the clip art not been catagorized very well and it being hard to find what you 're looking for . But , if you really stop to think about it , how in the world do you organize 800,000 images ?!?! I feel this is a great collection of clip art . It comes with a huge 1700 page book which catalogues the images for you . Be aware the images are not in color in the book , they are just small black/white images to give you an idea . Take a rainy day and familarize yourself with the catagories in the catalogue and you should n't have any trouble finding the image that you want . For instance , if you want a picture of something pertaining to Christmas , Halloween , or Easter , you would look in the catalogue under `` Holidays '' . Once you get familiar with the catagories , it should be easier and easier to find what you 're looking for . Also , be aware that this product is just a collection of clip art , and you will need a separate program in which you import the images . I use my Windows browser to open the images on the CDs , then I use drop & drag to import the image into my Print Shop program .
 This is easy to use - in spite of what some reviewers say . The art is fine - not juvenile as one reviewer states . But the greatest feature is that it works . I ordered different programs fromBroderbund and their associates and they all are hard to load and that is no guarantee of successful use . Broderbunds tech support is the worst I have ever seen for any product . Buy this one - save yourself some grief .
 With individual images from a photo library costing about as much as this whole collection , it 's great value . I 'm a beginner in the design business , and was encouraged by Robin Williams ' design books to acquire resources . Art Explosion is certainly a great way to go . The large collection of fonts was an unexpected bonus.Only last night my son was looking for photos of fruit for a project he 's working on , and Art Explosion came up with hundreds . I 'm working images into various items that I write and the huge variety means I can find something to match the other elements.I did have a problem initially with a mislabelled disk . However an email to customer support and a replacement is on the way . A better search would be nice but I 'm aware of the enormous task of tagging a collection this big , with no doubt a huge increase in cost . As it is I browse it with an ordinary file browser -LRB- which I actually find easier than the inbuilt catalogues -RRB- or search with a desktop search engine . Overall it 's a great product .
 I am a veteran screen printer and am kind of new to the graphic arts side . This purchase has paid for itself over and over now that I do n't have to run to someone else for art . It was rumored that it is hard to find what is needed as there is no computer search for images ... I guess some people are too lazy to familiarize themselves with the book of images ... I did and I LOVE this product !!!!!
 I am a graphic designer and a work-at-home-mom . This package has a ton of stuff to choose from , and when you use the vector art , it can changed to suit your needs . I do n't always like the colors that are used , but it 's very easy to change it and make it my own . I am also the editor of a monthly newsletter for my MOM 's group and it 's very easy to drop in pieces of clip art to highlight the theme of each month . No , this is n't high-end illustration but , for the money , this is a great product with plenty to choose from . My only complaint is having to send in for the accompanying book . It 's too much of a pain to look at the stuff in the electronic catalog . Much simpler and faster to look through the book . The images are n't very big in the book , but there 's a lot to fit in .
 Disc 3 was actually a duplicate of disc 30 . I needed the vector artwork contained on disc 3 and contacted the manufacturer . They did ship me out a correct disc 3 very promptly . However , it arrived with a 70 cent postage due envelope.I am passing on this information because the manufacturer warned me that a large shipment of Art Explosion 800,000 was released with this error . Amazon needs to be aware of the problem . Regards , PJK
 Product is excellent - unfortunately I have been waiting now for 7 months for my `` rebate '' and they have used every excuse in the book for not sending it - -LRB- I called them now about 5 times -RRB- - so if you need/want the clipart , it 's good , but forget getting your rebate !
 Good for those looking for a vector collection . Not so good for those looking for photo clip art , as photos are `` high-res '' at 200 DPI . I suppose the photos are useful to an extent , but the usefulness is limited by size . I was looking for vector art , so I am satisfied .
 I run the after school program at the local JR high where i work . We try to push the importance of computer skills on the children . I just upgraded to the 800,000 clip art library . We use these images for just about every project . I have never wanted a certain type of image and not been able to find it !!!
 If you have Vista , WMF files are not supported . Lots of them . So get a copy of HiJAAK software to convert wmf to tif , bmp , jpg , etc. . HiJAAK is really ease to use and very reliable . I have copies on all my graphical machines , for 10 years or so . Would n't be without it.About $ 100 + . Try -LSB- ... -RSB- for better prices . HiJaak is not available at Amazon unfortunately.This is really useful for semi and pros who need lots of stuff and know how and why to convert it . Most of the objects , clip art and cartoons convert easily for use in Photoshop as alphas.Ignore the search software.The box states that you can get an 800 -LRB- ? -RRB- page catalog . Their tech support states '' . . If you did n't get one with the box , we do not have any to send '' . If you want to really use ALL of the graphics , be prepared with a lot of disk space.Also , their tech support can not answer one of my questions , despite four emails defining what I need and where it is , because they do not know what graphics are on the 800,000 disks , even by disk number and by category ; example `` Art Explosion , 800,000 , disk 5 , technical symbols '' . If you do n't have a catalog they are lost . Pretty typical of off-shore support these days.The tech suppot emails resemble stonewalling , if we go round and round often enough we 'll go away .
 The graphics is much more inclusive with pictures and quicker to use than the ones online that are too slow to load . Just look in the nice book given , load the disc and your done .
 I just starting using it . I was able to get a picture and cut with my vinyl machine . : -RRB-
 Its helps me in my company in designing because it have all what I want from category and it very good because I can open it in illustrator cs and I can change color and its victor any way .
 I just received my copy of Art Explosion 800,000 last week . Wow , I was amazed ! There are over 30 CD 's of clip art ! These CD 's are packed with Vector , Raster , and high resolution photos . The extra bonus for me was the fonts . Over 500 different fonts ! Nothing has been left out t of this clip art collection
 This is a vast collection of clip art and fairly easy to find what you want because their is an index card and a book with pictures of all the clipart . The book does not allow you to see details , since the pictures are so small , but it does come in handy from time to time . I do not care for the browser that came with the product , so when I am looking for something I just use Windows Picture and Fax Viewer and view them as thumbnails . If it were n't for that , I would have given this 5 stars .
 AE 800,000 is a great product . I purchased it `` Used Like New '' and it is the 34-disc CD-ROM version , with which I am extrely pleased . Previous reviews of the 5-DVD version indicated some problemsj with lengthy search times because of the large amount of data on a DVD disc.I live at a retirement home and use this product to add clipart to a monthly `` Memories '' publication published by residents to tell stories of their youth . AE 800,0000 is very well-suited for use in the publication . Cudos to both Nova Development and to the selle !
 I just had a recommendation in case you 're interested in buying a firewall software package.If you do , you should pick the package to be compatible with your anti-virus software , since the two can conflict . Fortunately , that 's not hard since both McAfee and Norton make anti-virus and firewall products . There is another popular firewall by Fail-Safe Technologies , ZoneAlarm Pro 2 , which I actually like better in some ways than the McAfee Firewall and Norton Personal Firewall offerings , as it has a more intuitive interface and is simpler to work with , but I ultimately had more trouble integrating it with my other software.So if you 're already running McAfee virus software , you should probably go with their McAfee Firewall , and similarly for Norton 's Personal Firewall . So whichever one you choose will be dictated by whatever anti-virus software you 're already running , since you 're likely to already have that installed before a personal firewall application.I note that the two reviewers here did n't rate the McAfee product very well , but two reviews is n't a very large sample . In that case I would recommend you try McAfee if you already have their anti-virus software , and if that does n't work , give ZoneAlarm Pro 2 or Norton 's Personal Firewall a try at that point . Eventually you should find something that will work okay.Keep in mind that all firewalls require a certain amount of patience setting up and configuring , even for a home system , since you will have to decide which programs you will allow automatic access to the net and which not , otherwise your firewall will constantly be popping up alarms every time a packet from another system comes in . Fortunately , most of them allow you to set up special rules and to customize the filtering and blocking process to some extent.Anyway , hope this helps . Good luck with it and happy computing !
 I love this product ! It 's easy and intuitive to use - I 've created lots of personal and business databases . The reference databases provided with the product are quite useful .
 McAfee Profesional is one of the best Anti Virus currently available in the market . It is very simple to use and it scans and removes most of the latest viruses which other software can not detect and it is very helpful in removing internet related viruses and above all the cost of this Anti Virus is also very reasonable .
 I 've tested all popular antivirus products with firewall included and found McAfee VirusScan Professional just the best.You 'll find comprehensive protection and full firewall with it.Symantec is popular , but it 's much more resource-eating of your PC -LRB- it will slow down like hell , especially when you turn heuristic scanner on -RRB- , also takes much more disk space . When you use dial-up you can forget to download virus definition files with Symantec Norton antivirus . With McAfee upgrades and updates are fast and easy -LRB- you can set it invisible for you and always have up-to-date protection -RRB- . When all options are turned on the scanner does not slow down your PC.There is also a lot of additional features you can not find with any competitor - just check it yourself.I use it for more than one year with full satisfaction and did not find any better product .
 EndNote version 5 does not revolutionary change the way how EndNote looks a feels , but it adds a few nice touches . First of all , you get a toolbar in Word which enables you to access the main 10 features of EndNote without browsing through the menus . Secondly , it has a very nice feature which formats references immediately as you add them to the text . This is very convenient when you are writing a camera-ready paper with figures , and want to have good feeling of the length and format of the paper . Version 5 also has a built-in spell-checker , which is handy when you generate database entries by typing in the titles and abstracts of the articles.A controversial part of the upgrade is the so-called `` Traveling library '' . The format of the formatted EndNote fields has changed , they now contain complete reference data which enables your collegue who may not even have your database to use parts of your documents in his work and even change the output style of the citations . Unfortunately , the negative side of this new feature is that version 5 can not unformat the references which were formatted in version 4 , and vice versa . This means that -LRB- a -RRB- you have to unformat all your old documents before making the upgrade , and -LRB- b -RRB- you may have some compatibility issues with your collegues who run versions 1-4 . I am surprised why the developers could not add the feature `` unformat version 4 references '' to ensure the complete compatibility and smooth transition to version 5 . The format of EndNote libraries -LRB- databases -RRB- remained the same , I did not experience any compatibility problems there.Overall , EndNote is a great program , I can not imagine my work without it . If you already have version 4 , then I am not sure that an upgrade to version 5 is really worth the money . In contrast , an upgrade over 2 versions , e.g. , from version 3 to version 5 , makes sufficient difference to justify the expense .
 From high school student to professional , it you are at all serious about scholarly writing or even just expect to do a lot of it -LRB- whether you like it or not -RRB- , this product is for you ! My productivity has skyrocketed since I purchased EndNote last year . Sure , there are some improvements that could be made , but all in all , a fantastic product!Here 's how it works
 I used EndNotes for my doctoral dissertation and realize the many hours I saved by using the EndNote feature of typing in a keyword , then reviewing the list of my references that addressed the keyword topic.With the simplicity of entering data as one writes , there is no hectic searching upon completion of a writing to locate the correct reference for inclusion in the bibliography.Two shortcomings
 This edition has like , 11,000 images ! Stuff for fathers day , Kwanzaa , christmas , Easter , new years eve , well . . everything . I had not a trouble one installing this and using it with create-a-card . Some truly beautiful artwork and a huge collection ! All for under twenty bucks ! Bargain ! It 's also really easy to use . And , i am using it in Windows XP , too !
 this software has beautiful colored victorian graphics that mymom always is using . Thousands of beatiful clipart for anyschool project
 Viruscan 6 is a huge improvement over the previous version that I had of Mcafee 's software ; and I needed a firewall anyways - so it was very worth the money . I bought it instead of Norton also because I 'm running Win XP and Win ME on 2 different machines and Norton crashed under XP .
 The interface is much improved over previous versions . Auto update/upgrade feature works well and virus library is kept nicely up-to-date . 6.0 includes McAfee Firewall to keep your desktop computer safe from pesky intruders . Though not extremely powerful , the product did detect a port scan of my home computer within minutes of installation!McAfee is right on the ball when it comes to new virus detection ; they had an update available for the recent Nimda attack long before Symantec -LRB- Norton -RRB- had anything available on their website.Installation is a bit klunky b/c the installer looks for updates that require reboots mid-installation . Though not uncommon , this can be confusing and only contributes to some users ' frustration . Additionally the start-up scan reports that it 's looking for some 171 + billion viruses ! Clearly someone misplaced a decimal point somewhere -- does n't seem to affect the performance or functionality.Overall a solid product from a reputable software company .
 Some people like Norton & some McAfee ; personally I use McAfee . As with most software products these days , download the latest & greatest patches/updates from their web site before seriously beating on it . I do n't use McAfee 's firewall - I use a hardware one from Cisco instead . Virus scanners really are a necessity in this day & age , sadly , and I was able to configure McAfee so that it crippled my box far less than Norton .
 Contrary to most of the reviews I have seen on this site , I think this is a great product . I did have the rulaunch error occurring just about every time a new application started . Eventually I succumbed and started my search for solutions . Google search on `` rulaunch error '' got me to this site . I then contacted McAfee customer service via the on line chat connection and within about 3 minutes Cedric E. was on line , I described the problem and he suggested I download VS0602.au.exe to patch various files . Indeed , the patch installation went smoothly , everything is updated , and works just great . By the way , I did n't have anywhere near the problems that other users seem to have had . I use Win98SE on a clone machine with a Pentium II .
 I bought the cd version and had no installation problems.The following may help others trying to install it , and trying to use the automatic update feature.I had mcafee 4.0.2 , which is no longer supported , and did the following
 First , the bad : I had many of the same installation-related problems that others have noted , so I wo n't repeat them here . I also want to point out that many of the more robust anti-virus features -LRB- e.g. heuristic scanning -RRB- are disabled by default , requiring you to manually enable them one at a time . It does n't even schedule periodic scans of your hard drive - you have to tell it to do so ! Quite a chore , and the skimpy manual does n't provide much help.Now , the good : Fortunately , after a bit of labor and a couple of reboots , the program works very well . It is loaded with features , including anti-virus scanning for my Palm handheld and a built-in internet firewall . I have n't noticed a material slowdown in on-line surfing speed , either , so I 'm very pleased with these features . It also has special settings for MS Outlook users , designed to overcome the email program 's many security holes . All in all , I think it 's definitely worth the small bit of installation-related difficulty to have such powerful anti-virus software on my pc .
 I think that Mcafee did a bang up job ! They really thought this version through . Over all this is a great product , but it can take awile to start if you have a slower computer , I also found a few bugs in my system befor I got the patch for it , after that it was easy sailing !
 I 've used VirusScan for many years . This 6.0 version seems to be a much improved version over the 5 . XX series . No problems with the install or otherwise . *** A SPEACIAL NOTE *** I do NOT install ALL the `` other '' included programs that come with this software . I tend ONLY to install the BASIC virus software itself -LRB- this on `` ALL '' Mcafee VirusScan products -RRB- . Installing the VIRUS only program seems to make for ALOT more stable and problem free program -LRB- at least for me -RRB- . We 'll see how things go after my install of WinXP Pro -LRB- 10/26/01 -RRB- and this latest 6.0 version .
 After having nightmares installing and using the latest `` XP Compataible '' offering from Norton -LRB- just do a Google search for < < + norton + antivirus `` script error '' >> and you 'll see what I mean -RRB- I swiched to McAfee and have n't looked back . Simple interface , good virus detection , low price . Go for it .
 With the McAfee Firewall , the e-mail scan , internet scan , and PC scan , the McAfee VirusScan 6.0 is very good . Here are the pros and cons : PROS - Very powerful program . - Makes it almost impossible for you to download a virus with McAfee Firewall . - Simple to use . - Seeks out viruses deep in your computer.CONS - You must pay to download virus updates after a 30 day trial.This con is not good . However , the simpleist remedy is to go to Cnet.com and search for the update software and download for free . : -RRB- You WILL be suprised by how many viruses it finds the first , second , and third time you use it . I thought my computer was virus free , but it turned out I had 13 viruses , some of them in files I downloaded and some that I even made . Happy Hunting .
 It keeps you on your feet , grounded . Makes you feels that you are really safe ... I like it !
 I have never been let down by any product from Network Assoc. Works well . Detects virus or potential viruses . At work we have gotten hit many times from viruses , except mine . Best of all with the rebate I did not pay a penny . Advise - do n't read emails that are unsolicated .
 I bought the Mcafee viruscan for over two months and never find any problem . It works seamlessly with my computer , in which a windows me is installed . It discovered several virus came from internet and destroyed them for me . I think this product is pretty good but the firewall is lousy .
 I just got a new PC with Windows XP installed . I bought mcafee around the same time . It installed perfectly on my machine . It had a tiny problem with running the firewall part , but this was fixed by restarting Windows . It 's running perfectly on my machine . Its interface is very easy to use . I particularly like the firewall status graph . It was also very easy to update it . I have a DSL connection so it lets me know when there is an update available .
 This software is the best . . I used Norton Sytmeworks Pro 2002The ease of use is a little confusing and instalation is the best when compaired to McAfee ... . Exaple
 After reading these reviews I was a bit surprised at all of the negative ones . The only issue that I had with this product was the internet filter . That was mainly because I could n't get the control over what would and would n't pass the filter that I really wanted . If you want a good Internet Filter/Cookie control/Ad control/Firewall for the internet I would suggest Zone Alarms PRO . I installed this Mcafee version 6 on my Windows XP Dell computer and had absolutely no problems . No freezing , no update issues , no slowing down of my computer . It works great . And it has been able to detect a number of viruses and block them before they got onto my computer . I tried Norton Antivirus and after getting a virus on my computer that Norton would not remove -LRB- even after downloading all the latest definition files -RRB- , I loaded Mcafee and updated it , and it removed all the viruses . The only reason for the 4 instead of the 5 was my disappointment in the Internet Filter that was provided . Otherwise this would have been a 5 . I would buy this product again in a heartbeat .
 The is a very good product.You do need to apply all the patches and keep your software updated along with the signature list to get it to be stable and show results . Once updated , the product is rock solid and does all a Antivirus should do . I have it working on a windows XP and it works well without any problems . The bonus is that the Mcafee firewall comes free with this product . That too has to be updated with the latest patch . Togeather they both Provide my computer rock solid protection against , virus , portscan attacks and problematic Java & activeX stuff from web sites . Very good and stable product . As with all security products there is a need to read the documentations carefully as to how much security you wish to apply and what functions you can do without .
 I have used this software for a week now and have had no problems . It installed without a hitch . It runs well . It does n't slow down my machine . It 's compatible with Win95b and above . I have it installed in Win95b and WinXP and have had no problems in either system . It comes with personnal firewall software , to boot . I honestly do n't know what the problem is with all of the negative reviews . Do your self a favor and give this software a try .
 They seem to update their virus definitions about weekly or so but the RuLaunch program constantly crashes under Windows 2000 when automated update checking is enabled . Just activate the update checking manually for safe results . I use only use HAWK and their Firewall program since NAV is better at the other functions and is updated 2-3 times as much . You 'll also need to immediately update the software since it 's older that their `` Pro '' release CD . If you have Norton with Norton 's Firewall you really do n't need this Norton is better . However , this program includes the firewall free unlike Norton . If you only need simple basic internet protection then install this software , their firewall is solid and is has good e-mail and upload/download protection integration that uses good defaults . Otherwise , `` power uses '' should use Norton System Works 2002 with plus their Firewall -LRB- which SHOULD be included in System Work 2002 but IS N'T -RRB- instead .
 GOOD SOFTWARE . EASY TO INSTALL BOTH ON MY WIN2000 AND XP . GOT RID OF ALL MY BAD FILES
 I recently purchased and installed VirusScan . The install went smoothly and upon install , it detected several infections of NIMDA . I had no idea I was infected with this virus . I was able to clean my system and hopefully , will remain virus free.The updating of the product is so easy . It tells me when a new update is available and will download it automatically if I wish . And it even comes with an embedded firewall.VirusScan is worth every penny .
 I installed this with XP will no problem and it has worked without any flaws . it has many more features than Norton including a firewall ! highly recommended
 I installed it and it worked , mostly . The original 6.0 is admittedly buggy . Once you down load the latest patch from the McAfee web site , it 's fine . This does not bother me for two reasons . First , who on the planet has ever had dealings with a Microsoft product that was perfect the first time ? There are hardly any pieces of software that are 100 % bug free in version x. 0 . That 's why reputable vendors have Web sites and patches . If you have spent any amount of time in the computer world you know what I mean . There is nothing like getting a service pack for you NOS that makes things worse and takes down 500 some hosts . It happens . Now , if the vendor does n't have a patch , okay we have a problem.Second , this is an advanced piece of software . This ai n't no Ford Pinto . We 're talking about a Lamborghini . If you want that kind of power and performance , you may have to deal with a bit of tweaking . But the results are awesome.Now I hear you whining `` But I do n't want to buy a product that I have to service immediately . '' As soon as you bought a computer , this is what you get . Do n't like it ? Buy a toaster!Most problems I have seen users run into are because they either A -RCB- are the 1 in 1000 people who are going to have a problem with whatever they try to run B -RCB- Do n't get the patch C -RCB- are running Norton.Now , C is interesting . McAfee stuff wo n't work with Norton , and Norton wo n't work with McAfee . I 'm mad now ! You mean to tell me I ca n't run my Windows version of Word on a Mac ! This is what software companies do to keep away competition . You have to commit to either McAfee or Norton . They ca n't and wo n't play together and that is the way BOTH of them want it . If you have Norton currently and want to go to McAfee , or want to mix the two , understand you must choose one or the other . It 's like a bad soap opera . Do n't get mad at a software product because of industry convention . Deal with it and choose what team you want to be on.Great software . Buy it . Love it . Keep the bugs away .
 i found that this software works a lot better than Norton 's . its very stable , easy to update , has a great interface , easy to use . however , I found that it does n't work very well when you install the firewall that it comes with . It didnt work well , probably cause I had Zone Alarms as well . The virus scanner itself works very well . most of the flaws I found was basically with the use of windows 2000 . Somehow I think windows 2000 and XP still have problems with some software . since they restict the scaning of boot sector at boot up , this may have messed up some functions that the virus scanner does . Another problem I found is that it cant update its engine very well . each time I update , it does it thing , but then when i restart , its still asking me to update the engine . i find most of the flaws negligible because its still functions without any errors , or or crashes . if you 're a novice user , i dont recomend using this software especialy on a windows 2000 or XP system . im very sure Microsoft and McAfee are working on fisking these problems . I have always liked McAfee virus scanners over Nortorn 's because at one time , Mcafee found a virus where Norton failed . It might be different to some users but its still a good program .
 I have used the previous two versions with no problems . Version 6.0 seriously degrades my Windows 98 , 500 mhz performance . I had to disable the System Scan function and McAfee has no solution to resolve it.I have since discovered how to stop the system degregation . Under SYSTEM SCAN , just scan INBOUND FILES -LRB- unchecked OUTBOUND FILES -RRB- .
 This version is a definite improvement over version 5.0 . Install goes well and the program does n't slow the computer down like 5.0 did . My only complaint is that it does n't support the original Win 95 release . You have to have Win 95 OSR2 or above . Oh , well .
 Installed it on my XP system ; updated it while I was away from computer ; came back and found it sucessfully installed all the updates and is working just fine.Uses less memory than Norton Antivirus and detects more virus types . A couple days ago McAfee detected a `` Kleiz '' virus and opened a window on its website where detailed removal instructions were obtained and sucessfully employed . I 'm very pleased with this product and baffled by the poor reviews I 've seen posted .
 I got Virus Scan 6.0 the first day it came on the market right here at Amazon . I loaded it over the previous version 4.0 and was very happy to find the inclusion of a free firewall!I worked for me right from the start . If you had a problems have you downloaded the patch ? You can even set McAffee to do this automatically . The only small problem I still have is adding a specific IP to block on the Firewall . Compared other software companies I find this a small matter which will be fixed with the next free update . And they are nearly giving away this product with all the rebates you can find . I am a satisified customer .
 This is a good upgrade from VirusScan 5 in that the scanning engine runs much faster and is significantly easier to update regularly -LRB- it can be configured to automatically update itself -RRB- . Installation was a little confusing , however , as is the main interface . For instance , it takes a few clicks to figure out how to schedule regular scans , and the default is set to manual which makes the program retty useless to those who are n't observant enough to make the change . Once these settings are in place , though , the program works very well , and I believe the auto-update -LRB- for DAT files and engine revisions -RRB- is worth the price by itself . IMHO
 I 've been using VirusScan for almost ten years . During that time I 've tried others , but none ever compared . It would practically pay for itself by detecting one virus , but VirusScan detects all known and unknown viruses . Setting VirusScan to update automaticaly is a cinch . Just turn it on and it will be updated weekly from McAfee 's own ftp site . The McAfee team is always at the forefront with breaking news on threat and advice.Definitely a purchase you wo n't regret ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Installation went smooth from the get go . I have Windows XP Pro on a PIII 933 . Pro : - Easy to install - Automatically looked for product updates & Dat files - Automated updates with or without prompts ! - Does not slow down browsing , etc. - Includes a personal firewall for free - Rebate makes it next to freeCon : - The interface might be easier to navigateI know a lot of people have had problems , mainly with older O/S 's such as Win98 & ME . It works very smooth with XP ...
 I 've been using McAfee VirusScan for over three years and this is the best release of VirusScan that I 've seen . I use Windows XP and Windows 2000 and it works great on both of them . My office uses VirusScan and we 've not had many of the problems that other companies have had.I like the new features and this release has fixed a lot of the issues that myself and other users have made techsupport aware of on McAfee 's online forums . I think they did a great job with this release and here 's to being virus free for over three years!Thanks McAfee .
 This is a great product , absolutely no problems . Just make sure you reboot before you install the updates .
 McAfee is the best antivirus ! It beats all others -LRB- especially Norton -RRB- . Maybe Norton has `` more intuitive interface '' but McAfee finds viruses much better -LRB- I think , it 's more important -RRB- !
 I love this product and am whole-heartedly recommending it over any other anti-virus software there is , especially Norton which just flat-out stinks like rotten garbage . Hardly anybody seems to know this , but Norton has many bugs within the program that can not be fixed and have always been there . McAfee has no such bugs and is the far superior product . I am running this on a 2 year old Gateway Pentium III 800mhz with 384mb and Windows XP and I have not had any of the problems that I used to have with Norton before I switched . By the way , I am very dilligent in updating my software and downloading all patches for the product and I run a full thorough scan of my system at least once a week . I believe if you constantly update this software then you will have no problems . That goes for any software , period . The few times I have had a virus , McAfee detected it right away and I was able to delete it from my system . In conclusion , this software fixed my computer which Norton was constantly messing up , and I along with other computer-saavy people I know think this is the best virus protection you can buy for your computer !!!
 I am surprised to see so many negative comments about this product on this site . I had norton antivirus 2002 on my machine , when I tried uninstalling it it gave me all sorts of problems and at the end it crashed my widows , so I wanted to try Mccafee , I tried installing it on windows Xp and the installation was very smooth and intutive without giving me any trouble . The new interface looks very good . The product has a firewall inbuilt which is really good , it keeps alerting me about any intrusions while I am online , so I can forget about my pc being hacked while I bank or shop online . The product is -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- compared to its competitors.The only problem I faced was it takes a long time to upgrade/update to latest version.It downloads so many files and if your net connection is slow it is going to be frustratingly long . It restarted my machine only once at the end of installation though it poped up a window many times during installation informing me that the machine will be restarted , this was confusing for me , as it went to next step without restart.Also I could n't find an uninstall option after installation.I did n't find any performance slowdown of my pc after installation.I think it is a wonderful product worth buying .
 In university tests by my son-in-law , McAfee Virus Scan will find viruses which were not found by many competitors . Wow , that 's quite a recommendation to me . I have always used another company 's product , but since I have learned this , I have changed to McAfee products . I find that they are very user friendly and maintain quality updates for McAfee users . We now use McAfee on our business computers . My wife and I feel we are protected against the newest virus attacks . We have lost too many computer hard drives to virus attacks when using other virus programs . That is why I now use McAfee .
 Nice set up , but ClickArt 360,000 is a much better buy.Easy to access , easy to use , loaded with everything beginning web designers should need.Wish there had been more photos than clip art , but this is a great way to have access to graphics for your projects .
 The ClicArt 250,000 is agreat collection of cliparts , graphics , jpegs and so on.All the pictuers are in good quality.The catalog that comes with the st is easy to use also . I enjoyed this product very much .
 I love all the art you can work from I been using it product for year now and still very happy with it .
 Could n't believe the price on this package . A worthwhile purchase -- I love the ability to search by keyword and browse . Most of the art is cute , fun and useful -LRB- although as always , there are a few duds -RRB- . Very handy in my office for employee communications pieces .
 I had to move to Germany with little notice for work , so I literally started using this as I was travelling to Germany and I had NO previous German experience , although I had studied Japanese in high school and Spanish in college . While I felt that the program was well-paced and taught the language basics well , it did not prepare me for those day-to-day conversations/phrases that I needed to know right away -LRB- not that it promised to -- I 'm just saying that if that is what you need , get something else for the basic phrases first ! -RRB- It was about two weeks of daily study before I got to things like introductory conversations , shopping , etc. that I needed to know to be polite company.Having said that -LRB- that if you need German IMMEDIATELY , supplement Rosetta Stone with something more conversational -RRB- , I did find the repetitive and logical nature of this program effective . It focuses not just on learning words and phrases , but on learning how the language WORKS -- sentence formation , conjugation , etc. , by example not by lecture or brute memorization . You also learn through reading , listening , speaking , and writing , so it is effective whether you are an active , visual or verbal learner.Like pretty much any educational software , there are things that are pretty ridiculous -LRB- WHY do you learn sentences like ` The horse drinks ' before you learn things like ` My name is ... ' ? And why must some of the people be so silly looking in the pictures ? -RRB- but these are minor complaints . If you have the time -LRB- and the money -RRB- to do Rosetta Stone , it is probably an safe bet that you will learn as much as if not more than with any other program . I recommend that you stick with the ` suggested ' course , not the more complete course option at set-up , because that had TOO much repetition and I ended up , half-way through the program , switching to the recommended program . Also , if you really want to learn the language and have more than a month to two months in which to do it , buy the combo-pack of I and II or I thru III . You save money -LRB- and that means less packaging and shipping , good for the environment -RRB- . The only reason I can think one would want only part I -LRB- other than not shelling out too much money all at once -RRB- is if one just wanted to sample German to see if there was interest in going further.So , in summary , good effective program but NOT going to immediately prepare you -LRB- in , say , a week or two -RRB- for living in Germany . But a good way to solidly start learning the language for full comprehension , not just for getting groceries and asking directions but for expressing thoughts .
 I received the RosettaStone Deutche Level 1 a few weeks ago and have begun the lessons . It is easy and fast , allowing me to progress at my own pace . Learning is made simple with video/picture and audio feedback -- much better than strictly textbook instruction . I am especially impressed with the spoken lessons that teach me correct pronunciation of difficult sounds and gives me feedback when I say them correctly . I plan to continue with Levels 2 and 3 and would highly recommend RosettaStone for anyone who wishing to learn a language quickly and easily .
 I absolutely LOVE this product . I feel like I 'm learning more German through this program then I did of my Spanish `` learning '' for 3 years of high school . I HIGHLY recommend this program to anyone to learn any language .
 Easy to use . Not intimidating . Gets you up and running quickly . Versatile for different levels of language experience . Definitely one of the better language learning products -- perhaps the best .
 BACKGROUNDUsing Rosetta Stone French -LRB- v. 3 -RRB- on a Mac iBook G4 -LRB- 10.3.9 -RRB- . Using home school addition . Have used it for last 6 weeks.SUMMARYIn spite of the cost , the awkward port from Windows and difficult network set up , it 's still best of class for learning a foreign language.REVIEWPowerful , detailed and complicated
 I purchased M&M 's
 My 6 year old daughter wanted this game because we had borrowed it in the past from the library . We found it on Amazon and she was so excited . She bought it with her own money for the whole family . It is addicting for all ages -LRB- even Mom -RRB- . Even though it is old , it still plays on Windows XP .
 My older daughter began playing this game when she was about 7 years old . She sometimes used the math aspect , but soon learned how to turn the `` educational '' part off and just do the `` fun '' part . However , she liked the game so much that if I told her she could only play it with the math on , she would gladly play anyway . My younger daughter also loved the game when she got old enough to play . It was a sad day when the disk -LRB- somehow -RRB- was found with a crack in it . I will be surprising the girls with a new M&M game soon ! My older daughter is now 12 and I am positive she will be thrilled when the game arrives . She may even review the math facts !
 This math game is a fabulous way to teach grammar school children basic arithmetic . In order to pass various points in the game 's labyrinth , children need to add , subtract , multiply and divide.But they do n't mind , because the game is FUN , and includes M&M ; characters , shaped and colored like the candy . The music is also delightful . It 's education that goes down like sugar.It 's a real shame that the game is no longer manufactured .
 I love this game . I played this game consistently for 5 months.Then when I finnily got board I stopped . I then played this game inconstently for 1 year . My brother then one day dropped and broke it . I still havent found a new one any where .
 I 've used this database for several years and find that it works well in the home environment .
 This is a very easy to use database , can be customized , prints out mailing labels , phone lists , inventory lists , etc. . It could have a few more printing options for phone books .
 TurboCAD probably belongs in the ancient technology bin because it 's old , right?Not necessarily . In my case , I needed to open Autocad documents , manipulate and redraw the contents , and then export them to a PICT file so I could set up a file for publication via InDesign , all on an older Mac running OS 10.41 . Plus I 'm not made of money - which is why I 'm still using a G4 Mac - and the under - $ 10 price tag was just what i was looking for . TurboCAD fit the bill.I will note several shortcomings . There 's no `` dot '' symbol available -LRB- I had to apply dots in InDesign -RRB- in TurboCAD ; some of the imported symbols from Autocad docs were not accurately rendered in TurboCAD ; TurboCAD will not export text to PICT documents . Also , once a shape is drawn in TurboCAD I ca n't `` tweak '' it to alter the shape - once it 's drawn , it 's set in ... pixels.Nevertheless , TurboCAD is stable and versatile enough for me to get the job done . Count me in as a happy user of this `` ancient '' program .
 It works fine under 10.5 Leopard , but there is a trick to installing it : The main TurboCad installer works fine , but to to install the Symbols Library you have to bypass their installer app because it does n't work in 10.5 . What I ended up doing was mounting the installer from the disc and then right-clicked to reveal `` view package contents '' . From there just navigate to
 This is a very nice software for 3d and 2d work , specially considering it 's price . However , as with any other , you should always consider the time to learn it . Sometimes you need 1 simple thing , but since you do n't know where it is you loose a lot of time searching for help .
 TC Mac Pro V2 is well worth the price if you are looking for a low cost highly capable drafting/modeling program for the Mac . I was very surprised to see how many features it had . Snaps , Layers , Symbols , 3D symbols , Bill of materials , multiple scales , it 's all there.Coming from an AutoCAD background ther was a learning curve , but not that long of a curve . You can find video tutorials with the ViaCAD series of demos from punch software . TC Mac is closely related to ViaCAD Pro except it does not have the ability to apply materials to models -LRB- yet -RRB- or the cost of a few extra hundreds of dollars .
 Look at the price ! It 's a steal at the moment , and there have been rebates available lately as well.Okay , the software itself is pretty darned good . It 's setup a bit differently than AutoCAD , but is just as functional . -LRB- At least for myself , drawing reasonably simple mechanical and electromechanical systems . -RRB- If you have any CAD needs for a Macintosh , this is hard to beat .
 Purchased online in order to use on an older operating system . Works well as I used Turbo CAD in the past and no new surprise in commands -LRB- etc. -RRB- . Thanks for the listing .
 If you 're like me , you 're dying to own a Minimoog , whether a vintage instrument , or a new Voyager , but do n't have the ready cash to make a purchase . For a 20th of the cost of a new Minimoog and a 10th of the cost of a vintage model , you can buy this amazing emulation by Arturia , sanctioned by Bob Moog himself.Using TAE -LRB- True Analog Emulation -RRB- , the Arturia Minimoog V sounds just like the real thing . How do I know ? I used to own a Minimoog -LRB- 1973-1978 -RRB- and mourn everyday that I ever let it go . The Arturia 's true-to-life sounds make my dreams come true . Even better , Arturia 's Minimoog V is polyphonic , and has features the old original Mini badly needed , such as a dedicated LFO , an arpegginator , and on-board reverd , delay , and chorus . Arturia also adds a matrix modulation feature , allow easy cross-polination of sound sources.Along with Minimoog V 's sterling interface comes many factory presets created by an array of synthesizer freaks including Klaus Schulze . Arturia itself provides updates , community boards , and excellent documentation.If you want the phat , dirty , and analog sound of a Minimoog , but blanch at the price and the size , buy this one . I use it in Cakewalk Sonar Producers Edition with no problems whatsoever . Along my G-Force Mellotron , and my Kurzweil Hammond emulation , I am one happy prog freak .
 I have been using this for three months now and love it!The main thing I love about it is all the built-in patches that come from the manufacturer . More than half of them are throwaways , but the others give you enough of an introduction to the voices and oscillators that you can tweak them just a bit to get them where you want it . I think there are over 400 built-in patches , including Arpeggios , Basses , and Pads . I 'm getting some serious Boards of Canada and Casino v. Japan voices here . There are some classic Moog sounds , for sure!I 'm using it with an M-Audio Keystation 49e -LRB- $ 99.95 -RRB- , which is essential in my opinion . You do n't get polyphonic without a MIDI controller , and this is a good one if you do n't already have something to drive the program.THE ONE DRAWBACK
 I have played around with some of these virtual instruments to find that some of them are quite good-sounding . The Moog series VSTs are somewhat less attractive that , say ARP VST . They all are CP memory-consuming plug-ins that also require sound cards with good latency characteristics -LRB- otherwise you have to play the instrument in MIDI mode with a reduced latency , allowing for clicks and pops to appear , and then increase the latency before the recording is mixed down to an audio file -RRB- . The Moog series have lots of factory settings that mostly out of the range of pleasant and purposeful sounds . It is often hard to use them either as leads or bass sounds , and they need to be tweaked so some extent . Besides , some of the sounds are overwhelming and destroy the rest of the sounds in your recording . If you 're after bass sounds , I 'd suggest the Arp 2600 VST instead .
 This system is great for individual accounting purposes . It helps me keep my finances in order . Install was easy . It shipped to my residence very quickly . Overall I give it a 4/5 because of its lack of certain functionalities .
 Great product . Accepted my Money 2003 back-up from another computer , so I just moved it into another computer . I did have to think about how to do that.I never figured out how to back up the version on my new computer and put it back into the old computer as a second backup .
 I bought this for a nonprofit organization so that their non-technical office staff could update information on their website . The software is incredibly easy to setup and use.I had some trouble with my installation -- the software was causing problems with email and office software . The customer service determined that it was related to the install and walked me very patiently through resolving the issue with no charge for the tech support.I highly recommend this product .
 If you design website with Dreamweaver -LRB- works with non-Dreamweaver sites , but without Dreamweaver 's integrated templates capability that locks portions of the page -RRB- that others will need to edit ... AND you do n't want them to break it , then Contribute is the product for you!Allows you set user permissions that control what a user can edit , how they can edit a page , how they -LRB- and if they -RRB- can add images , whether they can publish or their draft needs reviewed , and saves rollback copies so any damage can be undone!The user interface is easy and user-friendly - the user browses the site they wish to edit -LRB- and have permission to do so -RRB- and then edits the page . Simple.This works best for the editor of a site created and maintained by Dreamweaver . And , it will make every Dreamweaver designer happier , healthier , and allow for the opportunity to spend your time making money designing a new site as opposed to the drudgery of continually editing an old site.This is a great solution for non-profit clients who want to be able to update at will , but have too small a budget to afford a full web application design or ca n't afford to pay a web designer to continually make changes and updates to the content .
 Sometimes , a product comes along that is so simple , so elegant , and so useful , we 're blown away . The Hexa media drive is one of them . It reads six types of memory cards and does it so beautifully , we could n't find a single bad thing to say.Installation could n't be easier
 This looks awsome , I mean I do n't have it , but I 've heard it is because you plug it into you 're Game Cube on the bottom then , you can play GAME BOY ADVANCED GAMES on it ! I have these game boy games : Hamtaro Ham-Ham Heartbreak , Hamtaro Ham-Hams Unite , Hamtaro Ham-Ham Games , Pok 'em on Ruby and pok 'em on Sapphire . Well ... . to tell you the truth i 'm a girl , but on another site , it says that a lot of girls like pok 'em on . Even my friends like pok 'em on . It 's probably because of Plusle , Minin , Skitty and Marill . Well they are cute but , mostly boys like it . I have more than 400 cards of them !! O.K. let 's not get tooooo carried away , I mean I relly like the show , but let 's get back on track O.K. ? O.K. . It plugs into the T.V. -LRB- I have adelphia on mine -RRB- and you use the Game Cube controller to move you 're character around . I wish I had one and I wish THEY had one for sale . This is why I gave it a 5 star rateing . I think it 's the best !
 Adobe appears to have corrected most of the problems with Contibute 3.0 . It is now a stable , flexible , and predictable application for those wishing to format web pages for personal or business use . I have been using it for over a month with no problems . My next step is to integrate Dreamweaver , which I am looking forward to .
 If you design website with Dreamweaver -LRB- works with non-Dreamweaver sites , but without Dreamweaver 's integrated templates capability that locks portions of the page -RRB- that others will need to edit ... AND you do n't want them to break it , then Contribute is the product for you!Allows you set user permissions that control what a user can edit , how they can edit a page , how they -LRB- and if they -RRB- can add images , whether they can publish or their draft needs reviewed , and saves rollback copies so any damage can be undone!The user interface is easy and user-friendly - the user browses the site they wish to edit -LRB- and have permission to do so -RRB- and then edits the page . Simple.This works best for the editor of a site created and maintained by Dreamweaver . And , it will make every Dreamweaver designer happier , healthier , and allow for the opportunity to spend your time making money designing a new site as opposed to the drudgery of continually editing an old site.This is a great solution for non-profit clients who want to be able to update at will , but have too small a budget to afford a full web application design or ca n't afford to pay a web designer to continually make changes and updates to the content .
 If you design website with Dreamweaver -LRB- works with non-Dreamweaver sites , but without Dreamweaver 's integrated templates capability that locks portions of the page -RRB- that others will need to edit ... AND you do n't want them to break it , then Contribute is the product for you!Allows you set user permissions that control what a user can edit , how they can edit a page , how they -LRB- and if they -RRB- can add images , whether they can publish or their draft needs reviewed , and saves rollback copies so any damage can be undone!The user interface is easy and user-friendly - the user browses the site they wish to edit -LRB- and have permission to do so -RRB- and then edits the page . Simple.This works best for the editor of a site created and maintained by Dreamweaver . And , it will make every Dreamweaver designer happier , healthier , and allow for the opportunity to spend your time making money designing a new site as opposed to the drudgery of continually editing an old site.This is a great solution for non-profit clients who want to be able to update at will , but have too small a budget to afford a full web application design or ca n't afford to pay a web designer to continually make changes and updates to the content .
 I have been a Finale user for over ten years and it is quite simply the best music notation software on the market . I have used other products , some extensively , and they do not hold a candle to Finale in terms of capabilities , power and ease of use.For many years , Finale had a reputation of being the most powerful notation product but not very user-friendly . To a certain extent , this was probably true . I am a composer/arranger and I would spend hours formatting parts extracted from a score , not to mention that it would take hours for the software to extract the parts . With Finale 2003 , once I have completed a score , it usually takes less than a minute for the part extraction to run and I have to do very little editing on individual parts before they are ready to print.MakeMusic -LRB- previously Coda Music -RRB- has also done a marvelous job with the last two or three Finale releases in making it conform with Microsoft Windows interface standards . Again , when I first started using Finale , it seemed to be a Mac product that had been ported to Windows and there were several non-standard interface elements . That has all changed . If you are a musician and a Windows user , you can be immediately productive with Finale.Finale 2003 's MIDI capabilities are also quite good . My daughter sings and I have produced many accompaniments for her using my MIDI setup . For a number of years , I would use a sequencer for those arrangements . However , for the past three to four years , I have been using Finale , especially when it is a more orchestral-oriented arrangement . In fact , I have n't upgraded my sequencer program in several years since I use Finale almost exclusively now.Input is also quite easy with Finale . I have completed a marching band arrangement of an orchestral piece while traveling on the highway . I have reached the point where it is sometimes easier and quicker to enter music from the computer keyboard than it is from a MIDI keyboard.I could go on and on but let me just conclude by saying that by any measure you want to use , Finale is the finest music motation product on the market . It is the gold standard for the professional engraver and hobbyist alike .
 My friend and I were both going to play for church . He and I regularly play trumpet/trombone duets . I have a book of empty staves that you can write in music , and for like the past year we had been using that . So this Sabbath -LRB- today -RRB- we planned on playing `` All Hail the Power of Jesus ' Name '' . He had given me a book of contemporary hymns that had that hymn in it and told me to arrange it so that there would be harmony -LRB- as the book only had melodies that were to be played to a cd -RRB- . So I stayed up the night arranging , and it gets tedious.So the next day I go to his house . He shows me that he had installed Finale 2003 on his computer . Figuring that my handwriting would be too hard to read at a glance -LRB- I was tired -RRB- , we decided to transcribe it from paper to Finale 2003 . And it was so easy to use ! WE did n't even have to look at the manual ! I think we finished the whole trumpet/trombone score in about 10-20 minutes -LRB- it was actually longer but we practiced in between -RRB- . A few flaws
 There may be some short falls but Finale is tops when you factor what else is availible . Support is good . Even with all it ` spower , you can still do short quick charts easily . One thing , if you are planning on doing full concert band or ochestral scores , get the biggest monitor as you can !
 Finale introduced computerized music notation combined with MIDI capabilities to us back in the mid-80 's and they have continued to raise the bar every year . For serious composers , there really is no other option . Do not take the reviewers that claim Sibelius is better too seriously . Sibelius created a very pretty interface with the ability to perform simple tasks , but it is very limited . Their interface style has limited them from being able to perform nessasary functions -LRB- like the ability to undo -RRB- and they have painted themselves into a corner in the sense that there is not a lot room to add new features . Most Sibelius users I know gave up Finale after 2 weeks of using it because it did n't have little cartoon characters that popped out and explained everything to them . Creating software is a compromise of power vs. ease of use . Finale has really hit the perfect mark with this version . It continually becomes easier to use with every version but is not willing to compromise its power.Sibelius , the composer , might have actually used Sibelius , but his copyist would have used Finale !
 I do lots of engraving for music publishers , and Finale 2003 has everything I need for flexibility and class .
 Very easy to use and you can start with a blank sheet and do whatever you want with the page . I used it all the time to make genealogy pages for family members . I could n't do that if I could n't start with a blank page.I have recommended the program for friends who want to make collages because the creativity is all up to you and you can do so much.Just have to play with it .
 I was looking for this exact cd . Mine broke and I was almost finished a project I started . So instead of restarting I just bought an exact cd ! Came brand new just in time !
 This product is very easy to use . There are lots of fun projects . I was able to figure it out in just minutes .
 I love there Scrapbook CD & More 2 if you have that one , and I can not even imagine this one . It is wonderful the CD I have from them . I make everything from it from Scrapbook pages to biusness cards to anything and everything . I use it for everything . I suggest everyone get it , who is interested in having fun with your pictures . And you can even export them from the software for e-mailing also which is great and awesome . . Thank you so much for creating your awesome software that you make. , Thank you , Jennifer
 I used this software to do my own Christmas cards and envelopes this year . It was so easy to export a picture from the web to use as the cover and size it to suit the card . I used the inside left and back cover for this year 's Christmas letter . I talked about a special place we had visited on vacation and again used pictures from the web to illustrate what we had seen . It was so easy to add text by the pictures and customize the color of the font to go with the picture.Now I am using the software for a wedding invitation . I found a great font and just the right color for it so that the words in the invitation blend well with the border on the invitation . Everyone who has seen the invitation is shocked that it did not come from a professional print shop . Being able to do the invitations and envelopes myself is saving a great deal of time and expense for the bride and groom.This is the best software I have bought in a very long time , and the price is so reasonable for everything you get . Now I 'm thinking it would make a great present for a lot of children and adults I know . I look forward to using it with my grandchildren .
 Outstanding program ! I hate figuring out how to do things and need a `` no-brainer '' program for address labels and business cards which I use to make all kinds of things for my Developmental Kindergartners . This is the easiest program I have ever used for that . They also have exceptional clip-art . Buy it ! You 'll love it !
 This program is wonderful . I just updated to version 7 from an earlier version . The main thing that caught my attention was the ease in using the program . It 's easy to move around in , make changes , more art work , and makes life easier when I need to make a card , certificates , banners , bookmarks , mini-cards . I have no desire to go looking for any other programs of this type . It blends well with my CreataCard version 7 . I 'm glad they came out with it .
 The photo editing tool is the best I have ever used . You can crop to star shape , heart shape , cross shape . You can import any picture or graphic . You can export your project as a jpeg and have it professionally printed on photo paper . Fantastic for photo scrapbooking .
 I have used every version of this program . Not only is it very easy to use but I love the clip art and ideas . Better than any other card program I have ever used .
 I 've been using this product for creating calendars ever since it came out . I 've tried Hallmark and Calendar Creator but they just do n't print out as well American Greetings . The wording does n't come out as clear and since I need to reproduce 30 calendars a month for my church , we need to see the events , birthdays , etc. . American Greetings also has tons of pictures and clip art to choose from or import your own ... I also use it for cards and banners ... Sorry it 's been discontinued ...
 I owned version 6 of this program . After years of frequent use my CD developed cracks around the center making it unusable . I was overjoyed that I could purchase a copy of version 7 through Riverdeep . I agree with the comment author that says , `` Still best on the market '' !! I love that I could download ALL program files so I am able to create and save new projects without inserting the CD .
 I am in ministry and use this in putting together flyers , postcards , calendars ... everything ! The photo editing is super easy and the clipart is great for use in a church setting.Like many have said the only complaint is no spell check .
 I recently ordered this program . I love it ! When you have three 41/2 yr old grandsons , it sure comes in handy . I love being able to make pop-up cards -LRB- this has more of them then there is in the creatacard program-which I also have -RRB- . I 've even began to make some of my own pop-up cards . There are party favors to make , ornaments , and mobiles-an endless array of things to make .
 I used this program for years , then I made a mistake and messed it up . I was SO happy I found a place to order another.Nancy F.
 I 'm not a professional architect , just a person who likes to sit down and draw/design things . That being said , this program is SO MUCH FUN ! I 've got my perfect dream house all figured out , and now I want to find a place to build it . The only area where it 's just a little weak is in how it builds the roof . I highly recommend this software to anyone who wants to sit and dream up their dream home .
 My grandfather bought this to design the addition on to their house . I tried it and had no trouble . It was fast and easy . I love adding the furniture . I designed the addition on the software . I love designing houses on it . Making them as large as I want . I have tried other home remodling software and i found this one to be the easiest . On some software the rooms have to be rectangular , but on 3D Home Architect they can be different shapes . I recommend this to anyone who is need of an easy home design software .
 I bought version 3 because it was cheaper and reported to be easier to use . It certainly was . You ca n't beat it for the money . Draw some walls and then you can see it in 3D either from the same level or from above .
 Contrary to the prior review , this software works just fine under XP . I 'd recommend checking for software updates to XP and/or ensuring the drivers are current . If it makes a difference it is XP Pro SP1 , always kept current over the internet , running on a 2500 + XP w / 512 memory and 128mb 9600 ATI card . Fairly current stuff.I 've got this window open on one monitor -LRB- looking for an upgrade -- but finding out it might not be worthwhile unless I spend hundreds of dollars -RRB- and my garage/apartment open in the other screen .
 i 've used a lot of 3d home architect programs out there and for me this one is the best because it was the most straight forward . . easiest to figure out as well . . sure there are things about it that would be nice if updated , but those drawbacks do n't outweigh the pros . I use it to prototype rooms quickly and found this to be very useful even to this day.bear in mind this only works with windows xp or older . . maybe 32 bit versions of vista or windows 7 . . but i know for a fact windows 7 64bit will not run it .
 Very easy to use software . Does not have all bells and whistles that a CAD software application has but gets the basic job done . After my first plan was created , I made modifications to it easily . The second plan I created went much faster and again after creating the first pass tweaked it some more until I was comfortable with final result . I am using it to make time spent with architect more valuable and he/she can easily see what I have in mind before he/she does my REAL drawings . Still do not know how to use all the features .
 I had this program on an older desktop and lost it . I was very pleased to find it again , as it is easy to use . While it does n't have all the new features offered by some of the other programs , you can design a room within the first few minutes of starting this program . I have tried two newer programs , that offered downloading of photos of your rooms , home , etc. . But these were so complicated that I could not even get started . I returned both of them and was told by the clerk at the store that I was not alone , many people did the same.I have used 3D Home Architect to remodel 3 bathrooms and to design a new build of a guest house with garage . We are about to remodel a master bedroom and bath next month and I will be using it again for that project . If you do n't need all of the bells ad whistles of the newest programs , I highly recommend this older program . I did have to have my &#34; techie &#34; neighbor help with the install as it did n't want to work with Windows 7 , but he made the connection work quickly and it has worked well ever since .
 This is the most comply software to build you house plan or apartment , to use this software in every scenery that you might encounter in your build experience you only need imagination and time to build it .
 I purchased three highly recommended PC architect programs to put my ideas onto paper . One was too complex , almost a full CAD program that would have taken months to learn by trial and error . The next was too simple to do any serious planning . Broderbund 's Home Architect -LRB- previous version with book included -RRB- was JUST RIGHT . I did n't need the book which was mostly documentation of the fixtures and models included . I started playing with simple frame designs and tried to replicate parts of my favorite layouts from Home Design books . It took me a few weeks in my spare time to get good enough to do some serious drawing . By the time I finished my plans three months later , I had 3-D views , all the electrical switches & outlets installed to code -LRB- automatically -RRB- , an exact measurement to the sq. ft. and materials list I actually used for estimates . Sharing those estimates with the contractor showed him I knew what the house would cost to build except for labor and helped us settle on a fixed price up front . In fact , my estimate turned out to be better than his.Early in my designing , the materials list showed I could n't afford the house I wanted so I scaled it down to what I could afford without losing anything important or incurring thousands in loan costs . I took the plans to an architect who basically charged me $ 400 to re-draw and print out my plans on his plotter . I built the house and the only problem the contractor had was where the architect did n't follow my computerized plan . Next time I 'll do it with just this software ! It really works . -LSB- and now does roof designs -RSB- I 've enjoyed my home for seven years now and it suits me well because I designed it carefully to meet my needs , my lot and the FL climate . Try several sw packages including this one . Its more intuitive to use than the others and loaded with nice features . Do n't settle for a cookie cutter home .
 This is the first 3d cad software I 've ever bought . I bought the program to wet my toes in home design software and discover what features I needed for a later , more serious purchase.To test the program I had two projects in mind . The first project was a remodeling project for our church 's sound booth and the second was to create a 3d model of the whole church building.Within minutes of starting the program I had the walls , stairs , doors , and a raised platform for the sound booth layed out in the program . A little while latter I was taking a 3d walk through of my design . The program was very easy to learn and had a very intuitive user interface . However , the selection of objects -LRB- doors , stairs , furnishings , etc -RRB- are quite limited in this version of the program . Also the 3d walk through viewing angles and controls seem a bit too restrictive.Later I tried my hand at the exterior of the church building . Again the program prooved easy to use and learn . I had no trouble adding a roof and other exterior components to my design . However , as before , the selection of components -LRB- roof types textures etc. . . -RRB- is very limited in this version.All in all , I recomend this program for users wanting to get a feel for home modeling software or users with small projects using standard components . This is not a professional program , but is very useful in its own right . I did not have any trouble with the program -LRB- no crashes or strange behavior -RRB- on my system -LRB- Athalon 700MHz , W2000 , 320Mb -RRB- during the two weeks I was using it .
 Everyone else has done an excellent job evaluating this product . However , I thought that I should add that I use Windows XP , and this program DOES operate with out any problems for me . I thought this might be beneficial knowledge for any other XP user 's out there !
 This is a fast , fun , and reliable program . I first heard about it from school . In Applied Technology , I was doing a module on Architecture that used this software . Well , let 's just say what began as an assignment turned into an extravaganza ! I bought the software , and use it all the time . It 's great to be able to design your own houses , use great and easy-to-use tools to add some pizazz , and finally see your finished product ! 3D Home Design Suite is very rewarding . You wo n't regret buying it !!!
 Uesed 3.0 for 5 years . BASIC and PRECISE ! . Serching for more power I recently bought Punch Platinum.What a junk ! Sold on Ebay 3 days later . Then I bought the Better Home & Garden Suit 6.0 , the same company who designed the 3D Home Design 3.0 10 yeras ago . Guess what ? It sure has more power and features , but ca n't substitute the precision of the 3.0 's wall & frame layout function . The 6.0 included siding & dry wall thickness in the wall design function which is very confusing.The 3.0 is wall design is still more profesional and give preciseframe demension.I use the 3.0 for wall layout then import the floor plan to 6.0 for more detailed design . Because you needed the precise framing demension for framing inspection . Once the siding is one it 's too late if the dimensions are off .
 Outstanding product for the price . Its old but its as good as most of the more expensive &#34; junk &#34; for sale at home improvement and software stores.Versions
 I found this item easy to use and very informative . I wanted to learn powerpoint but did n't want to attend a formal class . This product filled the ticket .
 A powerful design software is by definition complicated and difficult to use ... However , the tutorial is magnificent -- Kudos to the writer of this tutorial ... I 've never used a CAD before in my life and felt like an expert not soon after.The catalogue is detailed and the item display is beautiful . I can fine toothcomb the designer rooms and see how the expert did it and print out a list of all their materials and even design it my way .
 Truly gives one confidence to jump in and start creating . Lessons easy to follow . And I hate manuals . Who can get past the first ten pages . As a new MAC user -LRB- finally , finally , gave up on a PC -RRB- needed a jump start and DMTS provides it . Would not hesitate to buy another of their products .
 Well , I think this game was okay . I have always been interested in fashion , so I bought this game . I like all the diffrent themes you have -LRB- expespecially the wedding one ! -RRB- but in the end , you can make whatever you want and I needed constant themes because I do n't know what themes to choose from . I only enjoyed it when they told you what to make . I also got very frustrated with picking the models moves . I really did n't care and you had to keep chosing four for each model and you run out of poses . I liked it but it got a little boring after a while . By the way , I was like 11 when I got this and now I am 13 ...
 I am a physician who dictates , on average , 5,000 word/day in patient records . I have been using ViaVoice exclusively for 2 years and am very happy with it 's performance . I used release 8 with the medical vocabulary add-on initially , and recently upgraded to release 10 . The upgrade has improved recognition.The program works best with streams of text , particularly with the multisyllable technical terms . I average over 95 % recognition and I can dictate very fast and still get good recognition , even though my computer is 2 years old . Unlike the other reviewer , I always dictate into `` SpeakPad '' and copy into `` Word '' if necessary . I very , very rarely have problems with the program picking up extraneous sounds , but if you breathe into the microphone it will do that.On the downside
 OK folks , let 's get this straight . PC-Anywhere -LRB- or any such remote-control software -RRB- is NOT for servers ! -LRB- I am a MCSE certified Systems Engineer with over 15 years of experience in large network environments ... trust me when I tell you this -RRB- . Remote-control software is also not the best solution for setting up remote-access for several network users.PC Anywhere is great for what it should be used for -- an individual getting in to control his/her personal PC . It will work well over dial-up or broadband speeds , and has deacent security built in.This new version does not seem to bring a lot to the table over older versions , but overall still a very solid product for remote DESKTOP control.But please , if you feel the impulse to put PC Anywhere on a server , stop and go find a qualified systems administrator who can tell you the RIGHT way to support remote Windows servers .
 I bought this software for my home networking . I connect my windows 98 client to windows 2000 server and found no problem . Very stable and easy to use . I considered to buy windows xp to achieve the same thing . But since I will be charged for each licence , I try this alternatives and feel very satisfied . Highly recommended .
 Being a Systems Engineer for our network users , I love this product . It has made my life so much easier . Instead of walking the end users through some steps over the phone , I just log in and take care of the issue . Here 's where the money savings comes in ... I no longer have to send a computer in for software issues because someone could n't follow the instructions and my company does n't have to pay to fly me to the different sites . The only issue I have ever had is with 10.5 and XP . It always installs fine , but it leaves an item in the tool bar that you ca n't close -LRB- more annoying than anything else -RRB- . I imagine vers . 11 will fix this . Over all I give this product a BIG thumbs up !
 I bought this game for my four year old daughter . She loves it ! Then my 13 year old niece came over and told me this is her new favorite game . You get to pick your bride , groom , bridesmaids and groomsmen . The you get to pick each person 's outfit -LRB- for the ladies , you pick a skirt , top , and sleeves and then get to pick color and/or pattern -RRB- . You get to pick how the bride wears her hair . Once you do all that -LRB- if that is n't enough -RRB- , you go into a mall where you go into shops to pick out your shoes/cake/jewelry / make your bouquet/much more . There are `` shower '' games you can play which will allow you to be able to pick from a wider variety of items in the shops . Wait , there is much more . You can take pictures during all of this for your scrapbook that you can view at the end . Then you have to pick out where you are having your wedding and , sit down , you get to decorate the hall and pick the music . And you get to watch the wedding . It is tons of fun - I highly recommend it .
 Earlier versions of Laplink will not work with Windows XP . Laplink Gold 11.0 does , and works well . I primarily use it for backing up files between a laptop , home , and work computers , which only taps in to a few of this software 's features . My comments focus on the file transfer capabilities.Users familiar with previous versions will be able to immediately use Laplink 11.0 without re-educating themselves . The user interface is the same , as are most of the basic functions . There are also several means to link computers ; a serial cable , a USB cable , the internet , or by modem . This gives the user substantial flexibility in dealing with their specific needs . I 've done transfers by modem and serial cable ; both operate smoothly . An advantage is that Laplink 11.0 works with previous most Windows versions since 3.1 , so that the same software can be installed even if several computers you use have different operating systems.I use a Hewlett-Packard 7965 at home and had problems opening a . com port . Telephone technical support is free -LRB- aside from the long distance call charges -RRB- for 30 days . Laplink support was able to diagnose improper settings of the . com ports in my HP computer , which resolved other problems I was having . For this , I award their technical support an A + . If you need a specialty utility for file transfers and back-ups , Laplink Gold 11.0 continues to be a standard against which others are judged .
 This is the ususal reliable Laplink product , but expensive for what it is . The new version is faster than previous versions , so that is a plus . Downsides include not being able to use a standard USB cable or standard wireless networking . Otherwise , it works as advertized and the Amazon price is about the best .
 This product is extremely helpful for occupational therapy . It was recommend to me by an occupational therapist . Definitely recommend this product .
 Was pretty excited when I saw the fonts package . The box said `` Over 1000 TrueType fonts '' I figured that it meant just subtle variations of the same . While this was true for the majority of the fonts , the `` BN '' set of fonts had the most variety.The little quick reference guide book was very helpful with letting you get a peek at what the fonts look like to see if youeven want to load it on your system . The book however was at times a little confusing , the names of the fonts would be on top of the fonts for some and then under the fonts for others . You had to kind of double check that the one that you wanted was the one that you installed.Played with some of the fonts in LiveType and I had a blast . Since I kind of wanted to see the fonts in action I would look through the book then choose a font to load . For it to take effect I had to keep restarting LiveType for the font to show up . So after a while just loaded a bunch of them and then made some scrolling text . Had lots of fun with the `` Xmas Lights BRK '' & `` New Year Dingbats '' . Being able to take just the dingbats and alter them on screen give rise to lots of new and creative ways for me to make my designs a bit more fun and have very different appeal . There were also some more down to earth fonts like `` Boron '' & `` Teen Bold '' that gives a bit more punch than `` Times New Roman '' but still not be to off putting . Also previewed the fonts in TextEdit to get a feel for the differences quickly.All in all really liked what the package had to offer even with the limited font manager and having to load each individual font . The variety of new fonts is worth it .
 It 's about time someone gave Mac users a reasonably priced font collection!MacFonts has over 1000 TrueType fonts in three categories
 I 've use a differently design for use a photoshop or other something you will need it now . I 've enjoys of a differently designs on the computer . Thanks so much : -RRB-
 Happy with this program . lots of fonts to choose from . Box was not in the best shape but it works well
 Works great ! I am a teacher , so all these fonts are useful in creating my homework , bulletin board , or classwork .
 The MacFonts software worked great the product was undamaged in any way.I installed it and enjoy working with the new fonts , they are great . I found a font for my Paranormal Investigation team Windy City Paranormal . See it at www.windycityparanormal.com
 SUPER EASY TO `` INSTALL '' AND USE . THE BOOKLET OF FONT SAMPLES IS GREAT . THE VARIETY IS GOOD . I GIVE IT AN `` A '' .
 This is a small , easily mounted netcam , max . resolution a mere 640x480 -LRB- typical for most such devices -RRB- . Good for the price . It comes with AC power supply , Cat 5 cable , stand , and CD with installation -LRB- Windows -RRB- software.The description says that it works with Windows , UNIX , and Mac . That is mainly true . However , to get started you will need a Windows computer on your LAN somewhere -LRB- I borrowed a Dell laptop from a family member -RRB- in order to access the default IP address of the camera , so you can change it to work with your Mac LAN . Once you have done that , you can use a browser to access the HNC300 and adjust its settings.The picture is average for these 640x480 cams . That is minimal resolution by current standards , and they ca n't supply a really good lens in this price range . Focus is manual.Works with EvoCam.A big disappointment for me initially was that the camera would not access from the Internet . After weeks of trying , I reached a good tech-support fellow at Hawking , and we worked long on the problem , finally with success . From this experience , I have posted detailed instructions for making this camera work over the Internet
 In planning a trip to England , Wales and Scotland it looked like renting a car would be the best way to get around -LRB- for the out of the way places we were going -RRB- . We have a Tomtom One that came with a US & Canada SD card . I got the Western Europe DVD even though we only needed the UK for this trip - we can use more of it on another trip if we get back . I copied the UK onto a 256 MB SD card and checked for updates before we left . In traveling the UK it worked GREAT ! Helped us find cash machines , tiny little towns , which way to go through multiple side by side roundabouts . We only found a couple minor errors - usually a `` turn right '' that had been updated to a new roundabout . It made getting around much easier and more predictable - a very worthwhile purchace .
 Bought this as a present for my wife . She really likes it . I have tried a couple of units and not only found them enjoyable , but even learned a few words . Having tried a couple of other CDROM courses for French and Spanish , I had a rather low opinion of CD courses , but I am quite impressed with the method Rosetta uses to not only get you to remember a word but think about the word and how it is use in a sentence . We are already planning to purchase the Spanish course.Enjoy
 very good first day I thank you for sending mepurchase in this case the mobile media converter , thisis to request the serial of my cd and not broughtsaid that the case should be the same or within theand within the cd do not see it in advance I thank youto help me in this because I have not been installed .
 college algebra demystified is one of the best purchases i have made . i am taking an online course which is pretty lousy with explanation and instruction . `` college algebra demystified '' is easy to understand , very detailed and explained thoroughly . i am actually enjoying the course now .
 I had been using version 9 for sometime and have made quite a few videos . I have n't had but one problem with 9 , that was several of the `` extras '' I paid for would not activate . However , they were able to resolve them.I purchased the upgrade directly from Pinnacle and I have the entire collection of sound CDs from Smart Sound . All transferred over . The only problem I had was before I did the upgrade online to version 10.5 . The viewing window would not run the video until I made the conversion . If you prevent it from accessing the internet , it also has problems . Once I allowed complete access to the internet . The upgrade was almost 80 meg . If you do not have high speed internet access , it will take sometime to download . Once it was installed , everything worked as advertised . It activated all menus previously purchased in version 9 as well as pulling in all the sound files from SmartSound CDs I had.The downside is , longer videos where you wish to use music , you have to pay either $ 99 for a cd with approx 12 titles or $ 19.99 per title for more sound . Also , it had a problem activating one menu -LRB- still uncorrected but working with Pinnacle to fix -RRB- . It sucks to have to purchase all the `` extras '' though . For the price , once you get it working , it is good . It takes significantly longer to start than version 9 did , though . I gave four stars for the performance after installation and upgrade to 10.5 .
 I ca n't believe the negative reviews here . I owned this and used it with Windows XP on a medium quality PC with a medium quality video card with excellent results . Yes , it did crash occasionally , but all of these video editors I 've seem do that , even the new ones and Studio always restarted having saved my work so I never lost what I was working on . Anyway , I liked this program because it was fairly easy to learn , yet had tremendous power and was fairly fast . . faster then some of the other programs I tried out . I would recommend it to any one using XP and wanting a editor with loads of effects , all done easily and quickly .
 I purchased Pinnacle studio plus along with 6 zenith remote controls . The controls arrived in fairly good time with a little delay . However , the controls still have not arrived and it is difficult to track their shipment etc. . It is my understanding that they should arrive tomorrow although I do n't have a tracking number and they were ordered on February 24th and even though I paid a heavy shipping cost . Outside vendors should be screened closer for their service .
 I held off from buying version 10 to upgrade from my old version 8 after reading the nightmare reviews on here and other sites.Howwever , after hearing about version 10.5 I decided try it out.It took about 2 hours to install then download the 77 MB `` patch '' but it seems to work just fine.I made a 15 minute movie out of 1 and 2 minute video clips I had shot with my Casio digital camera , then a 25 minute movie shot with my JVC digital camcorder . Both were easy to make , transitions and titles works fine . I also added music to some scenes and adjusted volumes on others quite effortlessly . The program has not crashed once -LRB- so far !! -RRB- and I have to say it seems to be very stable and I am very pleased with it.I have a Gateway laptop with 1 gig of ram , 80 gig HD . When I installed the software , I shut down all running programs including anti-virus etc. I see from the reviews that some people are still having problems and , me being pretty much at the novice level , I can not really offer any other tips or suggestions.It works for me and I am very pleased with it ... but Pinnacle deserve a good slap on the wrist for releasing the earlier versions that caused so much grief to everyone .
 I must admit that I was disappointed when I upgraded from version 9 to version 10 . But now that the 10.5 patch is available I have found all confidence back . Have been editing on the 10.5 patch -LRB- which is a free download from Pinnacle and Studio even tells you to download the new patch when you launch -RRB- for a few weeks now . No issues . My next purchase is a PSP just so that I can take advantage of the cool expoert feature in Studio.DO BUY THIS - BUT GET THE 10.5 PATCH !
 The initial release had issues but the latest patch fixes everything . This product is ROCK SOLID . Be sure to download the 10.5 patch from the Pinnacle website .
 I am a junior in college majoring in Multimedia Design and I use this program all the time . I even use it for fun to make my own videos . It works with my camera even though my camera is a little old .
 Seagate 's User 's Guide does what any good manual is supposed to do ... provide you with a good enough starting point to create powerful and customizable reports with relative ease . While it provides a fair amount of screen shots , I found that it was lacking in this area at some crucial points which left me wondering how to accomplish and follow instructions provided for the creation of some reports.If you are a Seagate Info and Seagate Analysis user , complimentary software to Crystal Reports provided by Seagate , it provides you with no instruction on their use , advantages disadvantages and differences in their functionality . For a better description of both Info and Analysis you may want to look at Osborne 's
 it 's really usefull & a wonderfull reference
 ... This is only my second clip art product purchase . The first one cost me a lot of money for 40 or so CDs and a pretty manual . The CDs were a nightmare to keep track of and use , and the pretty manual went in the trash , as it just was n't useful.After receiving this product , within 10 minutes I was viewing , finding and using images from the CDs . This product is really easy to use . It 's also become a favorite of my 6 year old!I had a few questions initially on how to locate specific images in the collection and found the answer quick on their website . They provided a detailed CD index for download on their website , then I was off searching.I 'm not sure how IMSI can offer this many images for such a low price , but I 'm glad they do ! Plus , I have n't found any other clip art product that has anything close to the number of images this collection has - and most of those smaller collections are more costly . This is more clip art than I can use in 3 lifetimes , but I really like the large selection to choose from . Thanks , IMSI .
 I 've been buying clip art products for over 20 years and this collection by IMSI is the best one I have ever seen . The quality of images is way better than others on the market , plus no one else offers this many images . Keep up the good work , IMSI !!
 Not sure what happened with the few negative reviewers . I had no problems using this product & later purchased the latest version . Very user friendly , IMHO .
 I have had this program for 10 years and love it so I bought it for a friend of mine for her birthday . Great price and fast delivery . Thanks .
 have had no problems with this easy to load and use software . does everything that it says it will do . am very satisfied .
 I am very pleased with PrintMaster 16 . I ordered two copies - one for home and one for work , and I use it both places .
 I would be surprised with a negative review for this software . Print Master has proven to be -LRB- for me , my staff , and many colleagues -RRB- the most user-friendly , versatile , and comprehensive software package in its market . You can use it for everything from making a cute and simple flyer for a kid 's party to elaborate and professional marketing tools such as brochures , invites , etc. .
 Nice service . This software is very good and easy to work with . I have bought most all of the newer versions when they are available . Going back to 1994 .
 My son used this product to study for the SAT ... Very helpful and a Great Price ! Worth every penny ...
 I love this game ! This is a real STRATEGIC war game ! Up to 1,000 units per scenario . Tanks , infintry , machine guns , bazookas , grenade launchers , cars , supply trucks and bombers , air recon planes and paratroops and a LOT LOT more . You can be American , German , Russian or British but if you are American , Russian or British watch out for those Germans !! COOL EXPLOSIONS -LRB- buildings , houses , trees , plants , bridges , rivers -RRB- . Shoot down planes with flack , cars and trucks . You are the commander of your whole army . Make your own levels . Get reinforcements but if you want Sudden Strike Forever you have to download Sudden Strike first . -LRB- Warning
 A very good soft for automation on Windows stations . I use it actually in the evaluation form and will buy it soon the evaluation time is over . Recommended for all users using scripts or other complicated procedures on their PC . With Automate 5 I handle all major procedures , it 's very easy to use for non-programmers .
 FUN , EXCITING , EDUCATIONAL GAME , THE GRAPHICS ARE FANTASTIC , LOTS OF FUN FOR MY 8 YEAR OLD ,
 My daughter is five and she loves this game . She first borrowedit from the neighbor boy who is seven . I am embarrassed to say , she played for four hours straight . She did not want to stopeven to eat . She has several other games she likes , such asAdiboo , Barbie , Freddie the Fish , but this one realy holds her attention . Now I limit her computer time .
 This game has been well worth the -LSB- money -RSB- I paid when the game first came out ! My 5-year-old son is a dinosaur fanatic and has logged hours and hours on this game over the past year ! His favorite game is Colosol Fossil Face Off , a chess type game where the heros of the movie `` Face Off '' against the villainous meat eaters ! Great game for developing strategies!The software is easy to maneuver through and the Arcade-style games are both entertaining and challenging with some games offering up to 100 different levels!I will agree that this game is a waste of money if you have an older system ! We had several problems when we first bought the game , but have since updated our system and now have NO PROBLEMS at all !
 Glad to be back in the calendar business again !!! This is one of the best calendar packages out there , and I highly recommend it.I started using calendar creator with DOS way back and loved it . The first windows versions were decent , then with version 5 the software became so buggy it was n't worth it . It seems with verion 8 though , they have managed to overcome most of their problems . I 'm running it on windows 98 and having good luck . It is a little complicated for someone unaccustomed to the software , but once you figure it out , all the features really add to the flexability . I 'm hoping the newer versions add a few more features , but this one works well and I 'm pleased !
 I am happy for this review of the software
 Simple , straight-forward . Almost a one-click installation . The small office answer to cross-platform compatibility
 Since video biterate and audio bitrate are the tough elements in the DVD copy precedure , DVDxp4 is a tool that can do them all if the player knows how to select the right force 24KHz in the input DVD source template . This force will adjust the stable clock cycle for each DVD source format , 4/3 or 16/9 for example . As a result , copying DVD movie to SVCD from a CD burner is the best process of DVDxp4 . However , to play this SVCD the player needs to look for the right and new home DVD player . The new DVD Sumsung S221 I am using is a correct player that can go forward or reverse easily when playing this SVCD . The other DVD player may or may not read this SVCD format . PowerCDR Express is also a best tool because it forces to stop the process when encoutering a wrong code that is inserted onto the DVD source . This stop is a good precedure to save a CD-R . The player needs to change VBR and the length of movie on a CD-R to skip this wrong code when using this DVDxp4/PowerCDR .
 I started buying DVDs for my daughter when she was 3 months old . When she turned 1 , she felt ready to operate the DVD player herself . Of course this meant that she wanted to handle the DVDs . Immediately I foresaw the potential damage that would be caused . She damaged about three DVDs before I found THE product . I jumped on the net and looked for a product to help me , and lo and behold , I came across DVD COPY PLUS . I was SO relieved ! To be able to make a backup copy of the original DVDs gave me such comfort and assurance that my investments would be protected . DVDs are n't cheap ... But I am more willing to invest in DVDs because I let them handle the backup copies that I have made . DVD COPY PLUS has given me the absolute confidence that I can continue to provide my children , and our family , the movies that we want to keep for always . ... I am so happy with this product , and I would recommend it to everyone , but especially to any parent who wishes to protect their investments from little fingers . ... Keep up the great work !
 I 've Used this program for a while . The support is super good and the programs do what the 're suppossed to do
 Since video biterate and audio bitrate are the tough elements in the DVD copy precedure , DVDxp4 is a tool that can do them all if the player knows how to select the right force 24KHz in the input DVD source template . This force will adjust the stable clock cycle for each DVD source format , 4/3 or 16/9 for example . As a result , copying DVD movie to SVCD from a CD burner is the best process of DVDxp4 . However , to play this SVCD the player needs to look for the right and new home DVD player . The new DVD Sumsung S221 I am using is a correct player that can go forward or reverse easily when playing this SVCD . The other DVD player may or may not read this SVCD format . PowerCDR Express is also a best tool because it forces to stop the process when encoutering a wrong code that is inserted onto the DVD source . This stop is a good precedure to save a CD-R . The player needs to change VBR and the length of movie on a CD-R to skip this wrong code when using this DVDxp4 .
 Since video biterate and audio bitrate are the tough elements in the DVD copy precedure , DVDxp4 is a tool that can do them all if the player knows how to select the right force 24KHz in the input DVD source template . This force will adjust the stable clock cycle for each DVD source format , 4/3 or 16/9 for example . As a result , copying DVD movie to SVCD from a CD burner is the best process of DVDxp4 . However , to play this SVCD the player needs to look for the right and new home DVD player . The new DVD Sumsung S221 I am using is a correct player that can go forward or reverse easily when playing this SVCD . The other DVD player may or may not read this SVCD format . PowerCDR Express is also a best tool because it forces to stop the process when encoutering a wrong code that is inserted onto the DVD source . This stop is a good precedure to save a CD-R . The player needs to change VBR and the length of movie on a CD-R to skip this wrong code when using this PowerCDR .
 This is the easiest product to use for copying Dvd 's and backups . If you look at all the naysayers there are three themes :1 . It is a ripoff of freeware . Look at the arguments where the poster is claiming it is a ripoff and you will see many of them saying that they ripped off code and then they say the programming is bad . Well , which is it ? Did they rip off code or is the programming bad ? If the programming is bad does n't that mean it 's original code and not the freeware ? If it 's bad and ripped off , does n't that mean the freeware you are advocating is bad ? 2 . My dvd burner does n't work with it or my dvd player does n't work with it . Do n't blame the program for your equipment . There are too many people out there trying to do video intensive projects on underpowered machines . Why people complain when they try putting a burner on a pentium III or celeron computer is beyond me ! Know that video projects will need chip power , lots of ram and lots of storage . There is no way to even stress how important this is . If you are truly looking to do any kind of video projects you will need lots of computing power . I suggest at least an Athlon 24000XP with a gig of ram and 80 gig hard drive .3 . Customer service is poor . I have contacted 321 on two ocassions and have been greeted by friendly contacts with friendly answers . My calls were both about feedback not about the software not working.Many of the freeware proponents miss the biggest selling piece of the 321 value add
 Finally ! I 've been waiting for a product like this for some time . Now I can make backup copies of my rather extensive DVD collection . My two young children love watching Barney , Sesame St. Bear in the Big Blue House , etc. . . , but they do n't treat our DVD collection with any respect . Too many times , I 've seen them mishandle our DVD 's by putting them into the DVD player upside down , roll them along the floor or simply frisbee them across our living room.I do n't know how many DVD 's are now scratched to the point where we can no longer watch them beginning to end without the DVD stopping at a scratch ... we have had to discard several DVD 's because they were rendered totally useless.With DVD Copy Plus , I 've been able to make backup copies of our entire collection . Instead of playing the original over and over again , the kids play the backup copy . The quality of the backup is pretty much the same as the original , good enough that I ca n't tell the difference.Now I do n't have to worry about them ruining our collection . Worst case scenario , the backup gets wasted and I burn another backup copy to cheap cD-R 's . The software is fairly easy to use . I ran into a glitch first time around -LRB- my mistake -RRB- and called tech support -LRB- from Sydney and at my cost -RRB- ; they were very helpful and quick to resolve my issue.OVerall , a great product . Ca n't wait for further releases . Good on ya , 321 Studios !
 I have a copy of this and find it to be simple to use and great for making fast backup copies of movies we 've bought and other digital files . It 's an easy way to protect the money we 've invested in our movies.Great for use in making copies of home movies for the rest of the family . It also came with a bundle of other software which is also very good . Great Job !!! Thanks .
 THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST SOFTWARE I HAVE EVER SEEN . DO N'T PURCHASE AN EXPENSIVE DVD BURNER , BUT GET THIS INSTEAD . I LOVE THIS THING !
 I tried it and it did a good job . The picture quality was good and the sound was perfect . It is a rather long process but the results are good and it saves you money on DVD 's . Just follow the directions given -LRB- they are very easy to follow -RRB- and you should have no problem . I tried another program like it and could not get the job done . I recommend this product if you do n't mind the wait and want to save money .
 Version 4.2 of this software is , as many people have complained , a compilation of about 3 other programs . One breaks the DVD security and transfers native DVD files to your harddrive -LRB- you need lots of free space ~ 5 GB -RRB- . The next program converts those files into mpeg or avi and the third program is just a burner which creates a VCD or SVCD for you . The various programs here offer a large number of custom options for quality , file size , and amount of the DVD you actually copy.When I went to the 321 website , they offer a free upgrade to version 5 of the software . This is a whole new experience . Much simpler and easier to use but very little customization allowed . They also try to eliminate your ability to retain any movie files on your harddrive . This software goes from DVD right to burning the VCD / SVCD and then deletes all the source files from your harddrive . If you try to stop the program before the burning phase , it deletes all the source files.I 'm guessing this is in response to legal pressures . It 's mpegs on the harddrive that create the real piracy problem.SO anyway , both versions are good depending on what you want . Version 4.2 takes about an hour or more to sort out and allows much freedom . Version 5 offers excellent quality output and takes about 30 seconds to figure out but makes it really hard -LRB- not impossible -RRB- to get the source mpegs out .
 The combination of Sony Movie Studio and Corel Paint Shop Pro are excellent . Powerful , but with a very small learning curve . Acid Music creation software lacked the key code to activate -LRB- hassle -RRB- .
 I upgraded right when it first became available . Yes , there are some minor bugs -LRB- as is with all major windows product releases -RRB- . I do wish they had built in a function to search for and merge duplicate entries , but by and large it is a good upgrade . The e-mail interface is a thousand times better than the old version which makes this upgrade worth it by itself . I also like the new date searchable fields -LRB- so you can look up birthdays and items like that -RRB- . What I do n't like is that once you upgrade , everyone else you synchronize with has to upgrade too . That is unecessary and I called the folks at ACT ! and told them about this . I am looking forward to the service pack , and when the first service pack is released , addressing the minor bugs , I think this will be a worthwhile upgrade for most ACT ! users .
 I 'm not an experienced ACT user , but recently have been converting to it . I 'd been using ACT 2000 , which I purchased a while ago , with Windows XP and Outlook . I was completely frustrated - the Outlook integration for email was awful and ACT was buggy with XP - constant crashes or freezes -LRB- and that 's not common with XP -RRB- . Now I 'm on the free 30-day trial of 6.0 and it is a vast improvement . Email with Outlook works way better ; it 's actually usable ! So that in itself is worth it to me . I just placed my order for the program . I have n't used enough of the other features to give it 5 stars , but it 's worth the upgrade .
 I am a Virtual Assistant who works with several clients who use ACT . I keep their databases up to date and synchronize with them whenever necessary . ACT 6.0 is a bit bloated and has unnecessary features but on my machine it has been stable and was easy to set up . This is a good , solid database program that has great customer forums available on their web site .
 I like this game . It 's fun ... . I mean , sure Steeple-chase is on a race-track , guys ... NOT in the middle of the woods!Okay , the Show-Jumping is fine ... there are rarely hard obstacles , and it kind of gives you a challenge ... The Cross-Country ... hmm ... okay , I know A LOT about eventing , and the whole point of Cross-Country is that you and your horse jump over ... let 's say natural objects.The horses are okay . You start off by riding Alpha ... I 'm telling you !! When you get the chance , try to get Cocktail or Barbie to try to beat Melissa 's horse , Comet.Horse-lovers ?? This is a MUST-BUY !!! Take it from me ... I have every inch of my room covered in horses !!
 This game is awesome !!! It may have a few glitches but it 's a computer game . What do you expect ? I 'm trying to own all the horses on my different ` accounts ' on the game . Also get Equestriad with this one .
 I was reading the reviews for this game and I was very shocked by some of the reviews it got ! I have every horse game -LRB- computer,PS2,X-Box , exc . -RRB- and I never played a better computer horse game ever ! If your child likes horses then this is a very good game for you to purchase . Do not listen to some of these reviews because they are true and fair to this game!I sure hope this review helps !
 I played this game at a friend 's house , and at first I thought it was fun . You got to ride all over the farm and trails , muck out the stalls -LRB- on my friend 's game , I had no problem getting in and out of the manure pile -RRB- , turn out the horses -LRB- but with the bridles on :-p -RRB- and you could ride snobby Melissa 's horse , Comet . -LRB- To the player who did n't know how to get the bale of hay , if you have n't figured out how yet , you get the pitchfork thing and then walk out the double doors , since it does n't fit through any other door , and then move until the hay blinks , and then go back in through the double doors and put it where the hay is . -RRB- But I though it was really annoying how John just walks around , not doing anything . -LRB- NOTE
 I love this game a lot . I just got the game and I like it a lot already . I would recomend it -LRB- sorry for the bad spelling -RRB- and it is DEFINATELY for horse lovers . I was wondering how you get the hay bale for John but other than that I am satisfied with what I got . Sure it has it 's errors but for what I paid it is worth it .
 This is a great game but I have heard about the `` Diamond Mystery '' and I do n't know how to get to it . I 've finished all of the competitions even the Kingswood , and they 're all easy after Maple Forest . Once you finish Kingswood they show this little clip and then nothing else happens so if anyone knows how to get to the Diamond Mystery please write a review . Thanks.P.S . If you want to get to the Western Championships , look in the stall across from Comet 's if you have n't found the Lucky Horseshoe yet .
 This is a good game , but it has some weird little things you 'll find in it.First thing
 This is the best game EVER invented ! Ok , it has a few glitches , and the people who made it know NOTHING about horses but it is VERY fun ! Even when you beat it you want to do it again ! It is FUN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I love this game - it 's the most realistic horse game I 've ever played . I know it has some flaws , but they 're not even that bad . Trust me . I 'm the essence of getting annoyed at games for flaws , and this is really not that bad . I love it !
 This is the greatest horse game in the world ! I LOVE riding around , that is soooo cool ! Great grapics ! I highly recomend this game !!!
 I think this game is fantastic , the plot is really good , which is to find out about the mystery of the stables and discover the truth ! The riding is great and you get chances to win new horses . After you have finished in a competion provided you do well enough you move to the next level and each level has its on challenge - not impossible but challenging in a good way . I hate games that are completed in a week . It is very worth the money since you get a lot of game play out of it . The graphics are quite good and the horses are all interesting , it depends how well you do to get a good or not so good horse and there is usually around 5 to choose from . Sometimes you can get stuck but there are good websites with helpful walkthroughs incase.THIS GAME IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY I REALLY RECCOMEND IT ! i have had it soo many years but still i love playing it.if you are looking for a great horsey game with a great adventure yet some competitions along the way you ' v found it !!!!
 I really like this game . I love how you are able to take care of your horse and talk to peple . The girl that you have will tell you what to do at first . The only thing i dislike is the riding . The riding is so boring because I feel like I have no control over the horse . Other then that it is a fun game . You have to be a horse lover though . If you are n't a horse lover do n't buy this game . Also sometimes people will open up the stable door and walk over to you . It kinda freaks me out . Well that 's enough of what I had to say . It 's not my favorite game but I really like it . I woul recommand to buy this game . This game is not a wast of money trust me .
 ok ok ok . i have to say that this was a good game that should be bought . you may notice that i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . here is my reason ; the graphts stink ! everything is awful . other than that it is a good game . YOU NEED TO PLAY AND BUY LEGACY AT ROSEMOND HILLS ! I warn you though , do not play the other game ! it is a drag ! all you do is create a rider , pick a horse and jump fences . YOU DONT EVEN RACE OTHER HORSES !! other than that this game rocks
 I really liked this game ... . but really only the Legacy . The Competitions are absoulutly pointless ! Basically you chose a rider , then a horse , then you make a stupid course , and then you ride . You ca n't even compete with other riders ! I really , really liked the Legacy though . I swear , in the competitions my heart was beating sooooo fast ! Really intense ! I honestly think that Queen and Cocktail are the best horses -LRB- especially Queen -RRB- . I won the Kingswood on her ... . shes the best ! I love how you can talk to people and make them angry or happy . Though , I thought the coolest thing was that the competions were all in different settings -LRB- the Western one was really cool ! -RRB- This game is really cool , but , when in competitions , it may freeze up and you have to start all over again . What I did -LRB- because my computer is horrible and always freezes -RRB- is that right before you 're about to open the mailbox , save . Then , if your computer freezes or you 're just doing really badly , you can just start over , but not from the very begining -LRB- if you know what I mean -RRB- . I hope this was useful !
 i really liked this game . i think legacy of rosemond is the best . when you start your aunt has died , and you get her horse , alhpa . you train alpha and then you have to different stuff in the barn for him - like gromming and feeding him . after you do well in a compition you can get a new horse . my favorites are cocktail and sunny girl . the bad thing is that you can only have 3 horses at a time and if you want a new one you have to get rid of another . i also do n't like that the girl you play moves so slow and i am always getting stuck with her . but besides that this is a good and fun game !
 First of all , I can understand why people are frustrated with this game . At first it 's a bit difficult to get the hang of . I myself have gotten stuck in the wall a couple of times , but it 's not a problem if you save your game every once in awhile.Here are the controls : Use button
 Overall , this game was better than other horse games , but it had some serious problems . As everyone else has mentioned , a horse ca n't be 17.5 hands because there are only four inches in a hand . The most irritating thing , however , is that often , the character , Annie , crashes through the wall and into another stall . Sometimes you get trapped this way.The characters are anywhere from really stupid to downright brain dead . John wo n't say ANYTHING to me other than , `` Horses like apples . There are apple trees in the orchard . You can pick apples for the horses , horses eat apples . '' -LRB- Yes , it 's repetitive and has appalling grammar ! -RRB- It 's also irritating that you often are n't able to do things that are supposedly something the horses like , such as feeding them carrots -LRB- You ca n't even GET a carrot ! -RRB- The horses do n't have different personalities ; they are only SLIGHTLY different speed-wise . As for the riding , it 's all right , but it 's definitely not realistic . -LRB- Three-day eventing is composed of dressage , cross-country , and showjumping , and steeplechasing is actually a race at the same time as other horses . -RRB- I tried to make my horse extend his stride because the distance was wrong , but it just went fast and then stopped and reared up.The good thing about this game is that it does n't JUST let you ride ; it also lets you do realistic stable chores . Contrary to what most people are writing , the horses are pretty easy to control.In conclusion , buy it if you 're tired of games that wo n't let you satble work , but if you 're interested in quality riding , buy something else .
 This game is AWSOME . Although it took me a while to figure out how to unlock the 4th competetition i kept going because i just loved it !!!! Unfortunately my dog ate the disc so i have to wait for my birthday to get a new one . My friend has it and she finds it hard to do the apple part but i got her past and now she cant get off it !!!!!!!!! I just cant explain how good this game is as it is truely too good for words but i can explain what happens.Basically at the beginning you start out with a horse called Alpha . He is extremely slow at the beginning but you train him and he becomes faster.The first competition is very easy to unlock however not as easy to win . I ALWAYS come second but sometimes im even lucky enough to come first . If i win this competition i win the other aswell.The second part if you win you get the choice of more horses , you get the choice of 6 horses but normally you get the choice of 4 . You can only pick ONE of the horses and more often than not it is very hard to choose . Ok so it isnt the most realistic game but who cares ? If you love the game then it doesnt matter !!! I have just one way to conculed this review ... BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT !!!!!!! For all horse lovers , and dont let your dog get hold of the disc !!!!!!!!!!!!
 THis game is pretty fun , but it does take a long time . If you know how to operate the keys on the keyboard , Alpha -LRB- or another horse -RRB- will go and if you shave edges off on the jumper course , you 'll beat Melissa ! This is very hard to do , trust me ... Also , what helped me was writing down what i have to do before each comp . -LRB- cleaning out comet 's stall , taking rocky out -RRB- so if i have trouble in another game , I can go back to what I wrote and do it . At the end , with the dance , that 's kind of wierd and awkward , and the people look like robots . Rather than dancing , I 'd rather be riding.I do n't get what the liniment from the cabinet does . It does n't really do anything!Make sure that you go in the lounge often . Sometimes there will be phone calls with your family or an interview ! That 's really fun because you choose what to say!Overall , this game is ok ... Oh , and if you have nothing to do , you can ride comet , rocky , or talk to melissa or john ! That 's fun ...
 I love this game because it gives you freedom and horses ! This is my favorite game out of all the Let 's Ride games . I have a horse and love him dearly and this game is exactly like owning a real horse ! There 's a whole story behind the game which makes it more fun . If you love horses this is the game for you !
 i really liked this game . i think legacy of rosemond is the best . when you start your aunt has died , and you get her horse , alhpa . you train alpha and then you have to different stuff in the barn for him - like gromming and feeding him . after you do well in a compition you can get a new horse . my favorites are cocktail and sunny girl . the bad thing is that you can only have 3 horses at a time and if you want a new one you have to get rid of another . i also do n't like that the girl you play moves so slow and i am always getting stuck with her . but besides that this is a good and fun game !
 I love this game and it 's so fun to play ! The characters are easy to control , too ! `` Competitions at Rosemond Hill '' is really dumb . On mine the colors for Legacy of Rosemond Hill are just fine but Competitions colors are all wacked out and they 're neon . Do n't bother installing the Competitions because the Legacy of Rosemond Hill is much better.There are so many spelling mistakes that I think that they purposely misspell words . They also have really bad grammar.Otherwise it 's great and really realistic . You even get to do all kinds of stable work and there are other characters in the game . Melissa is just plain rude and John is ugly . The veterinarian person 's face gives me the creeps , it is so weird . Michael walks too fast and Linda 's just cookoo.This game is great and if you 're a horse lover , you should get this game!P.S . I read in another review that someone is sick of hearing people brag about the real horses they own . I , too , am tired of having people who own horses bragging about their horses . It 's not a review about their horses . It 's a review for a game . In one review for another game they even included their horse 's color and age ! Nobody cares about people 's real horses and , as said in another review , it 's just bragging .
 This game was great overall . DO NOT play Competitions At Rosemond Hill . It is impossible ! It 's extremely difficult to manage around the course and find which direction to go.Legacy of Rosemond Hill is OK . The graphics are n't the best and the controls are sometimes hard to manage . But otherwise , it 's pretty much okay .
 This is an ok game for some one who is very patient and and dos n't want a challenge . one of the hard thing 's about this game is not getting stuck in walls . This game is ok for maybe a younger kid . The controls are hard to get the hang of . Ok so those are the bad things about this game but there are some good things.The game is pretty realistic . The horses look pretty real -LRB- for a 15 dollar game -RRB- You can pet your horse and you can talk to other people . You can laso make them mad . Fun fun.Over all this is a great game . and worth buying if you do n't plan on keeping it long . you could probaly finish it in 2 or 3 days . I hope my review was helpful .
 This game is a lot of fun . I loved how you had to different chores , and it was sort of like a mystery.It took me a bunch of times -LRB- and a LOT of patience to get past certain competitions , but eventually you get it after awhile . It 's fun to ride the horse , but its a little annoying when you have to practice with the same courses . This game would have been 5 stars if it were n't for the graphics . The graphics are aboslutely AWFUL . I must have gotten stuck in a wall , or behind a wheelbarrow a couple of times . It is incredibly annoying . Also , the girl -LRB- i forget her name -RRB- walks extremely slow , and it is sooooo annoying.Overall , this is an awesome game . If you ahve a lack of patience and like competiton all the time , i would n't recommndit . But if you like sotrylines , mysteries and tons of fun and HORSES ! this game is perfect , like it was for me
 First off , I know a lot of people are sort of trashing this game . Yes , the people who made this game apparently didnt know diddely squat about horses ; there 's only four inches in a hand , therefore its impossible for a horse to be 15.7 hh . Also , a Steeplechase is actually a race against other horses with jumps , not just jump course . For the other stuff , what can you really expect ? It 's a COMPUTER game ! It 's NOT real life so it 's not going to be extremely realistic . I live on a ranch and own five horses . Younger kids and those who dont own horses will probably love this game . But of course after you beat it it 's going to get boring . It 's like watching a movie you 've already seen . And the reason you cant practice on the other courses except for on the main page when you click on ` practice ' is because all the other competitions except for the first one are at different stables . And really , how are they suppose to give COMPUTERIZED horses personalities ? Also , who cares if you can only have three horses ? More than that is a LOT of work if you ask me , both on the computer AND in real life.Second , Ive never had ANY problems with this game . Annie and the horses are easy to control , everything loads quickly , and it hasnt froze . Also , I 've placed first in all the competitions , so its NOT impossible to beat . Yes , the chores are repetive , but you have to keep in mind that the game is actually giving you something to do until you find all the secrets/hints/whatever in that level before you can move onto the next.Third , although the personalites dont vary , their speeds do . Alpha is slower and has less stamina than the others.As for the courses/competitions go , they seem fine to me . Once again , this game is more or less created for kids who DONT have horses . Therefor , they probabaly dont want to take the time to count strides , or figure out where they need to collect and extend to make the jump.Then , usually if you walk upto John and he says something stupid like `` Have you thought about grooming ? '' it means your horse needs groomed . Hes giving you HINTS.Really the only thing I found disappointing is that you cant name the horses , but I 'll live.In conclusion , I thinks its a pretty cool game . Not the most realistic , but it works . I dont think you 'll be disappointed .
 I bought this game on a whim because hey , it was only $ 10 at Target . I have not been dissapointed . You do however , have to go into the game not expecting it to be a -RRB- realistic , b -RRB- easy , or c -RRB- a racing game . If however , you enjoy horse sim games -LRB- as I do -RRB- , and do n't mind choppy graphics occasionally , odd spelling by the German creators of the game , and are n't bothered by things like the horses names , you wo n't be dissapointed . DO n't play `` Competitions '' , its a waste of time , I only ever played `` Legacy `` Here are a few tips I 've gleaned from beating the game several times :1 . Always save right before you open the mailbox to compete . It often takes me two or three tries to get first place , and this way you can just quit in the middle of the competition as soon as you mess up , and start the competition right over again .2 . YOU CAN BEAT MELISSA !!!! It is ridiculous that no matter what you do , Melissa is always close with you , however it is very possible to beat her in the events , you just have to be prepared to do the competitions more then once , or twice , or okay , three times . I always quit as soon as I recieve any sort of penalty point , since Melissa will never have any at all .3 . The higher place you achieve , the better horse you get -- and you can not win with Alpha after the first one . Practically guaranteed .4 . If you hit the `` tab '' key , it will tell you what you have left to do , and what 's done . THis is in the instruccions , but I did n't figure it out til later.THe only problem I have ever had with the game is the fact that I can not seems to get into Diamond Mystery . I ca n't even find it ! But Legacy has been something I 've enjoyed playing time and time again !
 This game is great !!! The competions are n't exactly like real ones , but that is because to hard because it 's a computer game !!! I read other people 's reviews and they are stupid !! one said u only get 1 horse when they said u get 25 !!! they meant u can PICK from 25 ! u get 2 more when u actually win a competion ! And it is easy to control ! I 'm a real equestrian too and even though the feed is ` nt realistic and they do n't show the reins , it 's pretty realstic too me !! but u have to understand , IT 'S A COMPUTER GAME !! REALLY GOOD GAME DO N'T LISTNEN TO OTHER REVIEWS !!!!!!!!!
 this game is sooo good , i just have trouble with it.its hard to get Annie into the stable after dumping the wheelbarrow.also , its hard to jump close enough to really get over it.HINT : when you can get her , get Do It.She 's fast , and can run at full speed for about a minute.I say this is a good game !
 This game is a lot of fun . I 've replayed it about 3 times but now I 'm playing The Saddle Club Willowbrook Stables game . -LRB- which I 'm stuck in email me kyohorse@aol.com if you know it -RRB- . Anyway , the Legacy of Rosemond Hill is really awesome . If you know and ride horses , as I do , it can be a bit silly and annoying sometimes . For instance , they say some heights of horses which are impossible , they let you turn out your horse with its bridle on , the bridle never has reins , your saddle goes on without a blanket . Also the other characters just walk around and talk really repeditively , you can never use the ointment you get , and the other characters do n't ever even ride there horses . Some of the characters horses do n't even show up in the stable . There really should be more horses there . And the horses you get -LRB- max . of 3 -RRB- are already named with stupid names , and they say they have personalities , but once you get those horses , they do n't . But otherwise , if you can go without these things bothering you , which I did ... its pretty fun . I recomend it .
 i love this game but graophics could be better . cross-country is over natural fences and come on give me a break ?! steeple chase is like a race -LRB- eg-kentucky derby -RRB- but with jumps not in the forest . i also do n't like that you ca n't go past kingswood and there are onoly two stallions , and odd ansester names , speeling and the people look fake big time . and how come melissa never gets worst that a second ? there should be more horses and the hieghts are way off . 15.7 !!!!!!?????????!?!?!?! that would actually be 16.3 nowe onto the good stuff . i love the two stalion Cocktail and Diamond.the compitions are fun and i like to di stable chores and take care of my horses.don ' t get me wrong this is a godd game and take the advice i 'm a horse noit all !
 This is a really fun game ! It 's so fun how you can take care of your horses -- feed , groom , put them in the pasture , ride , and more!If you win the competitions , you 'll get a chance to get a new horse ! And they all have different speeds -- some slow , some fast , some jump more far than others ... they 're all so interesting!And if you do n't take good care of your horses , they wo n't perform as well in the competitions . So you have to take good care of them if you want to win the competitions -- and new horses!This is such a fun game , because it 's YOUR responsibility to take good care of your horse.This is a great game -- you should get it .
 I thought it was a great game but it went by to fast . I mastered this game in 1 day . It was pretty cool , then I would n't have gaven it 4 stars . It 's cool how you can ride 5 horses in total , you start out with 1 horse , but you can ride two of your friends horses . As you go threw competitions you get to choose out of some horses if you come in 1st ,2 nd , or 3rd , but you can only win two .
 This game is fun and all , but it could use improvments ... . Graphics for one thing but the most confusing thing is when you have to muck out the stalls everything is fine until u have to go outside and dump it then u ca n't get back in !
 Let me first start out by asking a question - does anybody know the name of the song at the END of this game ? I remember loving it but have never been able to find it.With that said , growing up I played this game a TON . I do remember having some issues but never enough to stop me from playing the game . I have owned a lot of horse games in my life , and this was probably one of the least frustrating games I owned . The lines were a little cheesy and your activity is slightly limited . I do remember `` beating '' or finishing this game rather quickly , but I played it over and over even after I beat it .
 This game is amazing !!! i have it but it broke !! i was soooo excited when i found one !!! want some idviceon a game to buy ? this is the one !! your girl will love it .
 First of all I want to say that this is a very fun game ! Sure the graphics arent the best but thats only because it was made a long time ago . The only glitches on this game are that sometimes it will randomly crash when you 're in the middle of something and when you try to come in from the manuare pile the door and the screen jump all over the place . For me it takes a few tries to get back in but after that everything is fine . Thoes are the only problems I have with this game . It 's so much fun and people of all ages will enjoy it . And for all of you people having trouble in the compeitions it is possible to beat your rival/friend Marissa . I have beat her in every compeition on Alpha who is the slowest horse . If you fail just keep trying.So overall this game is very fun and I could play it for hours . I love it ! Go ahead and buy it you will have no regrets !
 I 've had this thing since I was a small child of about 7 or 8 years old and recently resurrected it when I got my new laptop . Since the only one I really liked was the Competitions portion , that was the only one I installed back onto the laptop . Plus I 'm in high school and this game is really geared towards 3rd grade girls . So basically all I 'm reviewing is the Competitions portion.GOOD
 This game is fun the first or second time you play it , but then it gets boring.There is many dumb or wierd things about it.These are a few : There is no such thing as 15.9 hands.The horses do n't have different personalities like it says . The horses have you repeat chores over and over again . You cant ' t choose a horse unless you get 1-3rd place in competitions . You ca n't name your horse.The horses have names like Alpha , Lady , Bonnie , Cocktail , and Sue . You can dump food in the bin from across the stall . You do n't give your horses water . You can only get 1 carrot in the whole game . Annie walks slow . The horses want their stalls clean when they are outside . You ca n't actually use the ointment . The ointment is supposed to `` give you less a chance to knock down fences . `` Who owns Speed the horse ? Where is Michael and Linda 's horses ? Why ca n't you name the foal ? The other people in competitions never get eliminated . Melissa never knocks down poles.The horses do n't escape from the stalls when you leave the door open . It 's impossible to win the Kingswood Championships . The game counts getting stuck in front of a fence that is not a jump a refusal . John and Melissa never take care of their horses . You can only have 3 horses at a time.This game has lots of things that are dumb . Like I said , this game is fun when you first get it . At first I thought it was like owning a horse . After 5 times of beating it , I figured out several wierd things . If you do n't mind these things , though , and you still want it , buy it .
 I do not own the game , but , from what I have heard and from what it 's description says , it sounds absolutely fabulous . I have it 's earlier version - Let 's Ride Horse and Pony - and it ia great . I highly recomend this product .
 I have the other version of this game . I hope this one is better and more fun-not saying the other isnt . Let 's Ride ! - Horse and Pony is very cool . I hope this will be cool and different . I cant wait till it comes out !!
 I am responding to C. Binder 's reveiw . 15.7 is NOT an accurate horse size . Horse sizes do not correspond with decimal numbers . If you had a horse that was 15.2 it would mean that the horse was 15 hands and 2 inches . You can look it up in a book . 15.7 would actually equal 16 hands and 3 inches . Sorry to break it to you.If you want to reply to me you can refer to me as RockyHorse .
 In this collection there are two games : The Legacy of Rosemond Hill and Competitions at Rosemond Hill . Competitions at Rosemond Hill is so boring !! I only played it once for about 5 minutes ! It is NOT fun ! But The Legacy is ! Competitions is the only one that installed on our computer though . My Dad had to work on it for about 45 minutes to get it installed properly . The Legacy of Rosemond Hill is fun but it is very unrealistic . When you are riding your horse there is a stamina bar . If you let the horse get to tired and the pulse get to high he will rear . So you have to be careful with how long you hold the up arrow key down . First of all , horses are animals built for running long distances with no breaks , and are built with much endurance . They have strong muscles built for it . So they would n't get to tired . Second of all , if they did get tired they would n't rear . Horses just stop when they 're tired . This unneeded detail makes the game that much harder . Also horses do gallop . But not in this game . I know it sounds like this game is stupid . But its not . Those are just little details . If you have a lot of patience with games and are a horse lover I would definitely recommend this game . If you are not a horse lover than it is n't worth it . But other than these things , I LOVE THIS GAME !!!!!
 Okay , sorry if this sound insulting , but you guys have it COMPLETELY wrong about beating Melissa . You can beat her on ANY horse , even Alpha in the last competition . You get a higher score by practicing . You may already know a course and can be able to jump okay , but the more you do a course , the better chance you have of beating Melissa . Sorry , I got tired of reading all these reviews saying you can only beat her with Cocktail or blah blah . WRONG . If you do the Steeplechase and Cross and Show Jumping at least 5-10 -LRB- do it more the harder the level -RRB- , you can beat her . -LRB- No faults still , of course -RRB- There , does that help you ? You can beat Melissa on ANY horse . Even Alpha .
 i love this game is 's really fun.it 's really cool!some people do n't like it but i like it.i had no problems but it was kinda hard.i like the part when you ride.was this review helpful to you
 This is a pretty cool game . It can get really boring once you 've finished Kingswood . Oh , and by the way
 I totally love this game . But there are some weird things about it.Okay , to begin with
 i loved this game but its really hardto get to the western champion ships there were a lot of spelling errors and the graphics were ok . the best horse to get is cocky -LRB- cocktail -RRB- alpha is just plain slow . Cocky is wicked fast and a pretty good jumper , i also thought that the game gets boring when u ca n't move forward but if you like horses then u will deffinetly love this game -LRB- if u have any clue what the third event is to get to the western champions then could you pleas post it up it would deffinetly help . -RRB-
 This game was so fun ! I love horses so anyone who has a horse or enjoys horses must get this game ! You get to ride the horses in different compitetions and in different parts of the stables . This game shows how horses really are -LRB- in a 3-D mode -RRB- and is so fun and so exciting . Sometimes when you are the rider you can get so nervous about what will the horse do and when will the horse mess up ? This game is also fun because it comes along with a Mystery , the mystery does n't have much to do with horses but it has to do with a whole lot more , adventure ! If you are into adventure and on-the-edge-of-your-seat excitement this game is for you ! : -RRB-
 What a fun game ! I got this as a birthday present a few years ago and was not dissapointed . I found it easy to control , and even though not created by equestrians , interesting courses and activites . I did have a bit of trouble at first-took awhile to load , get the hang of navigation , but afterwards it was fun to play ! The aim of the game stays interesting and the graphics were nice . I especially liked how you were n't limited to just showjumping , dressage and cross-country . The creators were slightly more creative -- even though they had to sacrifice some of the `` realism '' . I did accidentally break this disc when I stepped on it . I tried playing the mystery game , but it never loaded so I threw it out . I would love to play this game again , it gives me something to do one those days I ca n't go ride!As for people who are bad mouthing this game-I did n't find it that horrible . Go ride a horse .
 After having played many Nancy Drew mystery games , I found this really refreshing . I 'm only talking about the mystery game . I have n't even gotten to the horse games - which is what I bought this for . The mystery was really neat ! Sure at times it seemed a bit primative but it was so European in feel . The street scenes were just really not too all-American . The scenes were really pretty - the sky , trees and buildings . Sure the voices were in American English but you could see it was done by people in another part of the world with a different idea of a city and streets . Even the punks on the park bench were unlike stuff from the U.S.A.The main character has real short red hair . No blond Barbie ! and is n't a goodie two shoes . She steals keys , lies and does stuff we all do that no one is afraid of putting in software for fear of being sued as a bad role model for girls!that 's enough ! Hey in the time where all software is sooooooooooo much the same - more worried about liability than entertainment - this is not perfect but refreshing !
 This game is cool because it 's almost like having a real horse and the graphics are cool too.You can train your horse by practicing on the jumping course , Steeplechase , and Cross country course . After you go to competion you can choose another horse.You can talk to the other people that give you helpful tips . You can brush , feed , tack and groom your horse .
 An interesting `` suite '' of utilities .5 Sections : - optimization-maintenance-clean & repair-security-other toolsUtilities include : - drive defragger-web accelerator-free RAM -LRB- frees up memory usage -RRB- - Lockout -LRB- encrypt files and folder with RC4 -RRB- - wipe -LRB- gov level file wiping -RRB- - evidence eraser-system restore-system spy -LRB- what is gonig on with your pc when you are n't using it -RRB- - virtual desktops -LRB- up to 1,000 -RRB- - file slicer-system startup -LRB- what loads atstartup . Let 's you tweak those items -RRB- I got the retail box at Officemax for $ 10.00 on a clearance table . The value was good for what I received.SIDENOTE
 Este es un buen prodcuto por un bajo valor economico . Te ayuda a mantener tu vehiculo libre de los muy comunes tiraderos de cd 's .
 I installed this software on a Windows XP computer and it had my entire floor plan done within an hour . You can use the trace feature to trace over a bitmap image that you upload . Very easy . You can also upload images of your furniture and other items for placement in design view .
 I just installed the French translator from the software to my ipaq 3955 , using a 128 MB Secure Ditital card on the back.Installation was very smooth and easy.The vocal translation quality is so good that the native French would have no problem understanding at all . Now you can easily communicate with the French who refuse to speak English.The beauty of the software is that you can actually hear the words that you otherwise would be unsure of their pronunciations.I can not imagine a better way to sharpen your language skill than this , barring actually going to France for a long time .
 This program is great ! I have never encountered anything like it . Information is so easily stored and retrieved ; it would be impossible to lose track of anything ! I use it for lists for the most part ; but the capabilities are endless . It even comes with a lot of useful information built in . The program is very customizable.For the one reviewer who wanted to give the program 5 stars but could n't because of the quote/apostrophe key
 Good , solid upgrade to an essential macintosh program used to transfer files between platforms and different software packages . File transfer is simple and easy to do .
 this product is the first of this type that i have ever used . for a beginer it was easy to understand and use . it has a few bugs but not to bad . newer versions are out but have n't tried them . this particular one is n't updatable.i use it for personal use and do n't mind it , for the most part it does what i want it to.i 'm inexperieced in the use of cad so am learning by error.i find it fun and friendly to work with .
 Reviewing a program like Media Edit Pro is a tough slog . Not because of any shortcomings of the program but because it was completely different from what I expected . Perhaps a brief description of the review process is in order . What I review is stuff that interests me , and I 'm interested in Movies . So when I saw a press release for Media Edit Pro I thought `` Hey , Here 's a movie editor more robust than iMovie but cheaper than Final Cut Express , that 's something I 'd like to try . '' A couple of e-mails later and I had a copy . I installed Media Edit Pro -LRB- which is growing tiresome to type so I 'll truncate the title to MEP in future references -RRB- with no problems . then I downloaded and installed the update . Still a problem free experience . Found some footage to play with and fired up the program to give MEP it 's first test run . Big Problem.The problem was n't with the program , it just was n't what I was expecting . I expected a simple but more robust movie editing program , I was wrong . The program is called Media Edit Pro for a reason and the reason is that MEP is not just a movie editing program -LRB- one assumes the author put more thought in the title than I did when I read it -RRB- but a full fledged media editing program -LRB- hence the text -RRB- . That means pretty much any media you care to mess with . I only care to mess with video stuff so I 'm sticking to the video side , but from the little I know about audio and stills it seems that MEP would be quite capable in that department . Let 's hit the easy stufff right now , MEP includes plenty of effects and transitions and you do have complete titling control . But there 's more to MEP than being just a beefier copy of iMovie , much more.Say you want to pull off the effect from the beginning of Saving Private Ryan / Gladiator . You remember that extra violent fog-o-war feeling . You ca n't do it with iMovie , it 's just not possible out of the box . It 's no big trick with MEP . To be honest there 's not a lot you ca n't do to video footage with MEP . You can do titles any way you wish , move the audio around , add a single frame or a thousand , paint . Paint ? Did I say paint , let 's look back ... It appears I did say paint . Well that 's okay because you can paint directly on your video using the painting tools . It 's a more useful feature than you might think.This might have you wondering `` If I can paint , does this mean I can apply other image editing techniques to my movie ? '' Wonder no longer , the answer is yes . You want to mask the video ? No problem . You want to apply an effect to just a region of the movie -LRB- you know a specific selected area -RRB- ? Again no problem . Think of it , you can add cool effects to just , say , half the visible video . People familiar with imaging editing programs will be able to go nutso crazy with the included tools and mere mortals like I can still have a pants load of fun.How powerful is MEP ? I do n't know . I know it can handle anything I can throw at it but I only have limited video editing experience . Could a super slick director take MEP to it 's limits ? I would bet the answer is yes . At least I think they could , you see MEP also includes brush editor to make your own brushes . These are n't just static brushes , these are special cool movie brushes . Even more intriguingly MEP includes something called RBscript . This is well beyond my ability to use but I suspect that in the right hands it could be a very powerful tool . With the ability to script stuff I conclude that MEP is limited more by the user than the program.The last question to ponder
 This software is the greatest . I can edit frame by frame or edit entire movies . I love the paint on movie feature -- great for rotoscoping ! Like I said before , it is nothing I 've seen before .
 H&R ; Block Taxcut Home and Business is a good product . I 've used it before , and although it requires careful use -LRB- `` Read the lines ... '' -RRB- the end result can be excellent . Note that the product offers preparation of BOTH the personal -LRB- Form 1040 + State -RRB- form as well as many business forms . I use it for my individual return as well as federal and state returns for a Trust . A prior reviewer is going to have a go at an S-Corporation , and I understand it also will do Partnership returns.The real reason for this review is the Bundle currently offered -LRB- 1-14-2007 -RRB- by Amazon . Currently it reads , `` Buy this item with H&R ; Block Taxcut 2006 Premium Federal + State ... '' and combines the prices.As I mentioned in the first paragraph , Taxcut Home and Business does your personal return as well as the business entity . Moreover , I checked the product description at the H&R ; Block Taxcut site , and it stipulates `` Includes EVERYTHING from Premium + State + E-file . '' -LRB- emphasis added -RRB- So the Amazon bundle offer asks you to buy something ALREADY INCLUDED in the product . By the time you read this review the Bundle offer by Amazon hopefully will have changed . I 've used Amazon for many years , and this is an unusual oversight which I 'm certain they will correct.In the interest of disclosure , I used to work for H&R ; Block , but not now . For those who order ANY tax product I offer the following . IRS has not given final approval for form design changes , so many forms are not available to put on the disc you purchase . This means you will need to go the H&R ; Block -LRB- or whoever -RRB- update site to get the updated forms , and you may have to go back several times . You have not been singled out for punishment . This is a process that must be endured by professionals as well as self-preparers . And I 'll say it again ... `` Read the lines ! ''
 I have owned my own consulting business for going on 6 years and have used the TaxCut software for the past 3 years with terrific results . The software package allows you to do your federal and state Corp/Small Bus/S-Corp taxes as well as your personal 1040 federal and State for under $ 80.00 !! The personal tax program is superior to the business tax process but both are fairly simple as long as you have some knowledge of the process and the information being requested . Another key perk is the software does interact fairly well with MS Money software so if you have taken the time throughout the year to categorize personal and business expenses it makes for quick dissemination of information.The reason I call it a little buggy is that every year there is some issue . The software will not load the updated forms properly or it will hang when opened , etc etc. . This is irritating but the tech support has been outstanding and easily reached . It has been located in the Pacific Northwest -LRB- Oregon , I believe -RRB- in past years but I can not attest to whether it is still in the U.S. , or outsourced , this year as I have not yet called.All in all , to be able to do your business and personal taxes accurately for next to nothing and in a very short amount of time is invaluable . A very satisfied TaxCut user .
 According to reviews of TurboTax 's Home and Business , it appears that TurboTax does not support S Corp -LRB- but probably does in the more expensive copr . package -RRB- . Since many small businesses are S Corps , you probably will need to buy something besides TurboTax ... like this program.That is why I bought this product ... I checked the product homepage -LRB- taxcut_com -RRB- and it said `` Complete Business Coverage - Helps you prepare returns for a number of business types , including Corporations , S Corporations , Partnerships , Limited Liability Companies -LRB- LLCs -RRB- , Non-profits and Estates & Trusts . Plus , the program handles Payroll Taxes as well . `` So hopefully it will work for me without any additional software . I will try to come back and update this review once I try it out ... but since it is from H&R ; Block , I figure it might not be the simplist program , but at least it will be accurate -LRB- they actually guarantees that ... although most errors are from the users anyway -RRB- . Nice little perk is that the software comes on a USB jumpdrive for easy installation ... and it also will import TurboTax files from previous years ... Sorry this review is not more informative , but after spending an hour digging around for S Corp info , I thought it would be helpful to mention that this apparently supports S Corp Businesses , as well as -LRB- unlimited -RRB- business state returns , personal federal and state as well as E-Filing ... Overall it certainly seems to include alot of forms and features for one price .
 My computer crashed right in the middle of preparing both a personal and a business -LRB- S Corp -RRB- return with this product . Fortunately , I had back-ups of the data , but needed to reinstall the software on a different machine . Having tried something similar with Intuit 's TurboTax products a couple of years ago , I expected the worst -LRB- i.e. , having to buy new copies , or at least pay to re-download the state forms -RRB- -- so I was totally shocked when the reinstallations and re-downloads took only a couple of minutes and posed no problems.As other reviewers have said , both programs are somewhat buggy so you do have to manually verify that calculations , etc. , are correct . However , these products are no worse that the TurboTax products in that regard -- they may even be slightly better . In terms of value and ease of use per dollar , the TaxCut products are the hands-down winner .
 Home portion has a good interview process . I 've done 7 different returns for the family all worked smoothly . A couple of the returns had fairly complicated items , all worked great.Also , did my 1120 C-Corporate return . The Federal interview was easy . I have a NOL and Tax Cut handled it properly . The state return had no interview and was slightly more difficult to complete.The program came with one state for home and unlimited states for business .
 Once you know how to use this program it 's the best out there . I used this program for 4 years and would n't do without it .
 I have used this product over the last few years and each year it has improved in usability . The first year I bought it for the lower price over Turbo Tax . Now I buy it because I consider it an excellent product .
 TaxCut has always been my first choice and still is ! I found the business software not quite as helpful in explainations as the personal software is . I still had little difficulty in finding exactly what I needed by using the help menu and going to the IRS site link inside TaxCut .
 If you want a cheap , all forms -LRB- 1120 , 990 , 1065 , W2s ,1099 s etc -RRB- of every shade and color , then this is your program . Warning though , it is brittle and will wipe out a return in process if you are not careful . Hit the `` save '' button often . Somewhat cumbersome to use on top of that.Printing returns caused printing problems so I used their option to print in pdf format and then printed off of my Acrobat program . May be a memory problem of my machine.A cheap solution if you only need to prepare a few returns . A 2 star program rated 4 stars based on inclusiveness and price.Update
 Was very pleased with the set and it is easy to navigate the sections of each language.Shared some that would not use with others
 This was the only product I tried , including Intellisync that worked synchronizing the IPAQ pocket PC with ACT . Easy to set up and easy to use . My only complaint is that it does n't synchronize notes in ACT .
 I liked this software better than the intellisync , I couldnt get intellisync to work with Act2000 .
 I teach Graphic Communications and Printing Technology at the Center for Arts & Technology in Phoenixville , PA. . I am currently working on a presentation for the International Graphic Arts Education Association and will be featuring your product in my presentation . As more and more teachers in my building see what I 'm capable of doing with your tool , I have no doubt that they too will be ordering your product quickly just like I recently did . I 'm also helping one of my students develop an introductory level class on CD and it 's been a great learning experience for both of us . He is learning just how difficult it can be to create a learning module for a beginning student and I 'm finding out just how much he knows about his computer which is quite a bit I 'm happy to say . ScreenRecord is a great advancement for hands-on education like this.Al Tucker
 I do n't know what the other users were smoking when they wrote their reviews . I use CorelDraw 11 extensively with complex multi-layered projects mixing massive bitmap files , text , and vector graphics and it works flawlessly ! There is no better program for layout and graphics . I 've used CorelDraw since Version 3 and each version keeps getting better -LRB- except for version 6 which had some severe file-bloat problems -RRB- . Of course , you do have to have the horsepower to run it right
 This program is great for working on a Mac , because it 's Corel , which is so easy to use . Too bad they no longer see a need to continue the product . Will still work with OS 10.3.9 , which is the highest my Mac can go . I believe it also includes Windows version , which I use a higher version . If you have a Mac , take advantage of a still useful program , although I do n't think it uses VBA macros .
 Coreldraw is more affordable , easier to learn , and has more tools and capabilities than Illustrator . Once I tried to do extrusions on Illustrator , only to find out that this program does not do extrusions . CorelDraw does extrusions . Adobe charges a higher price for their product but gives fewer tools and features than Corel . Adobe wants you to go out and pay extra for the same features that comes standard on CorelDraw.Illustrator does not have the ability to allow one to scan in an image . Separate scanning software is required . Corel has built in the scanning utility right into CorelDraw.Adobe 's Photoshop is a great product for photo and pixel based work , but CorelDraw is number one as far as vector-based illustration software goes .
 I 've been using this desktop navigation utility ever since it first appeared about 5 or 6 years ago , as a ten-buck shareware application , when the most up-to-date Mac OS was OS 7.6 . What is it ? Action GoMac provides a Windows-like `` Start '' button , located precisely where you would expect a Start button to be if you were a Windows user . In this respect , GoMac is `` more than useful '' for Windows users acclimating themselves to the Mac OS for the first time . But it gets better.GoMac is a Start button on steroids . Like the Windows version , it provides a Start Menu for navigation through folders and files , a QuickLaunch toolbar across the bottom of the screen where files and applications can be launched with single clicks and files can be `` dragged and dropped '' for opening , application buttons showing which applications are currently running , and , on the far right , a Clock Tray -LRB- including a pop-up calendar -RRB- . The application buttons can be toggled either by mouse action or they can be tabbed through . A preference is provided for which only the active application -LRB- and its files -RRB- is open on the screen ; alternately , all open applications and files can appear in separate windows if desired . An `` Auto Hide '' feature can be selected so that the GoMac bar disappears except when the cursor is over it . -LRB- Otherwise , one is left with the usual `` Windows clutter . '' -RRB- The `` steroids '' enter the picture by way of the total flexibility with which the Start Menu and the QuickLaunch features can be programmed and arranged . Virtually anything - application , file , control panel , driver - can be placed in either location , providing unlimited flexibility and personalization . In most respects , the Start Menu is both more flexible and easier to customize than the Apple Menu . Even the appearance and size of the Start button itself can be personalized.Here are a few good ideas that I 've discovered , applying to my own method of operation and , possibly , to yours as well : I put the TC/ICP control panel on the QuickLaunch toolbar . This way , I do n't need to go searching for it in the control panels folder should I need to change my Internet connection -LRB- either because I 'm travelling or because I 've suddenly lost either my cable modem service or my phone service -RRB- . I put the `` Add Alias to Apple Menu '' AppleScript icon there as well , giving me `` drag and drop '' ability to quickly add to the Apple Menu . -LRB- Anything may be added to the Start menu by simply dropping it on the Start button . -RRB- I put the Finder icon in the Clock Tray , freeing up space for other application buttons.Now , in 2002 , I 'm running OS 9.2.2 on a Powerbook G4 , which , with its huge 1152 x 768-pixel display , makes GoMac even more useful . Routinely , I 'll have more than two dozen icons in the QuickLaunch toolbar and four or more applications open , with that many toggle buttons showing ; the extra-large display certainly helps in this respectFinally , despite the fact that GoMac has been - for about a year or so - a commercial application at a higher-than-shareware price , it is still a bargain , in terms of what it adds to any Mac running in `` Classic '' environment.Users of Mac OS X have entirely different means for navigation , so my comments will not apply to them . But , if you 're not on OS X , this utility is well worth your consideration.Bob Zeidler
 I have been using GoMac for over a year and I absolutely love it . It puts a customizable Windows-like task bar on the bottom of your screen which is much smaller and much less intrusive than the MacOS Control Strip.But what I really love about this product is the `` hide '' feature . You can hide the task bar and have it appear only when you move your mouse over the area , but more importantly , it lets you `` Hide Programs After Switch . '' That means that when you switch between programs -LRB- using the mouse or keyboard -RRB- the other open program becomes completely invisible ! No more floating title bars!Imagine
 this one package contains enough for anyone from a beginner to a professional like myself to create and publish for print , web and even video -LRB- corel rave 2 included allows flash design and exports to flash and some other video formats -RRB- . in my opinion it does anything that thousands of $ worth of separate adobe boxes can do with their constant $ $ $ upgrades -LRB- i have have used them all and have no use for them any longer -RRB- for alot less . much more intuitive too and the coreldraw module is heads/shoulder better than illustrator . the print engine , fonts and clip art/photos by themselves are worth the upgrade price . unlike the adobe products , it allows imports and exports to just about anything imaginable , including the adobes , autocads , etc. the photopaint -LRB- comparable to photoshop -RRB- module readily accepts photoshop plug-ins and the whole program now integrates some of the best features from newly-acquired micrografx 's highly acclaimed draw and picture publisher . the lens flares alone are something to behold . i 've never had any problems sending files to printers , service bureaus , etc. whether they are adobe , quark , pc , or even mac from my pc . coreldraw has been highly overlooked for years as schools only teach adobe on the macs they got deals from , from apple , but this right here my friends , continues to be a certifiable adobe-killer ! sweeet ! and my mac friends are slowly and unhappily converting too :-RRB- do n't forget the free wacom tablet from ... corel . thank you !
 Easy to use with many useful features . Much better than PSP . Photoshop is better for pros though
 I love the product , Product performs as advertised , performing searches and can open and translate a multitude of file types -LRB- extensions -RRB- .
 I 've used the Timbuktu line for quite a few years now and have had good success overall . I recommend it highly for people who want remote control on local area networks . What truly stands out with this product is that it runs on all Windows computers -LRB- 95 and above -RRB- , as well as MacOS computers . Timbuktu 2000 brings some nice features for Windows platform computers . I 've seen a few small quirks here and there on Win 2000 , but nothing major . Overall , a good product !
 Want to learn web design from the comfort of your home versus going to classes at some school , etc. . . ? This is the product to buy ! Jeane Warner , the instructor delivering the training , is lively and personable . She teaches very effectively . . I studied Dreamweaver before and this product provides tons more in terms of value and new in demand skills . . I realize that there are other similar products in the market . . but really this would have to be the best ... I am almost done with the training and feel so much more richer and excited to apply those skills to my site designs . Picking up the Dreamweaver skills is easy . . the hard part is the discipline of getting through the tutorial ... but Jeane makes that easier since she is lively and creative with her teaching style.I also purchased the advanced CD-ROM training which I will start working on soon . The course overview for this looks very interesting and the anticipation for learning advanced Dreamweaver skills is just so exciting . I want to be able to do fun stuff on websites that WOW my audiences ... most of all when you know Dreamweaver in and out , you can confidently use the tool ... whether it be designing sites from home or working as a designer for a company . I know that this product and the advanced training will surely empower the designer with necessary Dreamweaver skills ... . again , the only requisite is commitment to learning!The manufacturer of these and other tutorials is www.totaltraining.com - I recommend checking out their site since they usually have buy-one-get-one-free deals , etc. . Enjoy the design experience !
 All you need to know is , I am writing a novel and voice express isverey good for that.DJ
 With technological advances in software like VC2 , the world as we view it , is about to change - for the better ! Visual Communicator is an easy to use product that dwarfs all other presentation software - and at a fraction of the cost ! I suggest you go to Serious Magic 's website -LRB- seriousmagic.com -RRB- to view a demo , then come back to Amazon with your credit card in hand , ready to buy !
 I bought this title a couple of days ago . I gave it four out of five stars because the enrollment was a bit frustrating . The setup was as easy as pie . The enrollment took about 15 minutes , not the five they said . I had to read three stories about iinventors . Hey , it was worth the hassles . The second day that i used it , it went extremely well . It recognized 99 % of what i was saying . The technology is great . When you say something , it processes first . It is a bit behind you though . You may be sayingsomething 2 or three sentences ahead of what it is typing . I recommend this product to anybody . You are getting a great buy for the price ! Look , I 'm typing with it right now ! -LRB- I editted a couple of words -RRB-
 I upgraded from the advanced to the professional edition because I wanted to use the voice recorded macros . I use it on both my home computer and my notebook . The supplied microphone -LRB- not USB -RRB- worked great with my Gateway Solo laptop .
 I 've been a long time user of Mastercook and have swapped to MacGourmet after I started using an iMac computer . I love both the iMac and MacGourmet . I have tried a few other Mac recipe software programs and have found MacGourmet to be the most user friendly of all of them.MacGourmet imports and exports Mastercook files . The program also imports and exports various other recipe software based files and the standard text files which is a real plus.The program also supports recipe imports from web pages by using the Services feature found on Safari and Camino.MacGourmet also allows drag-and-drop of most files which is what Macs are famous for -- ease of use.Overall , MacGourmet is the closest to Mastercook which is the gold standard for recipe software programs.I highly recommend purchasing and using MacGourmet on your Mac .
 I have been using MacGourmet for over a year now . I started using it after I got married to keep track of the recipes my picky husband would eat . It was easy right from the start and yet detailed enough that I am able to add in more information and customize it as I go . I also dread shopping at the grocery store , but with this software I do n't have to go as much . I plan out meals for two weeks at a time -LRB- You can plan even further out if you want -RRB- , click a button and print out my shopping list , which I have organized by aisle . No more unplanned last minute trips to the store . I wish there were other software applications that could make the rest of my life this easy .
 Dunno what the guy below is ranting about . Mine looks the same as the picture and works perfectly . I was always having conflicts trying to network all my stuff , two routers , an xbox , mp3 , laptop and printers ... now they work perfectly and in under 15 minutes .
 Far too often reviewers -LRB- that have very little expertise with a particular product or field -RRB- rant on about what they perceive is a failure of the product , when in reality it 's not a failure of the product , it 's a failure of the individual in not reading the manual , not following proper directions , or simply not checking for compatibility when purchasing the product.We see this all the time in the technical field , so often that we generally tell the customer -LRB- that 's ranting on about how a product does n't work when we know it does -RRB- that their hardware or software issue is called an ID-IO-T -LRB- pronounced I-D , I-O , T -RRB- error . It makes them feel good , and they do n't even realize that to the tech working on their issue ID IO T really means -LRB- idiot -RRB- . That 's not to say that some hardware or software does n't work , but even then it 's usually caused by somebody assuming that a 5 year old Windows XP version of software `` should '' work on his/her Windows 7 Pro 64 bit workstation . Unless it states Windows 7 Pro compatible on the box , do n't assume it works and most of your tech support issues will magically disappear.The same is true with hardware configurations as well .
 I have used versions of this product for over 10 years . I recently upgraded to 14 because I now have Windows 7 . Works flawlessly in by communications to my cousins in France . The reverse translation is the best part because it rechecks the translation from French back into English to insure that you say what you mean -LRB- those confusioning Engish idioms and slange words -RRB- . It automatically sends translations to the clip board so that you can paste into E-mails and letters . Slick ! My French cousins always communicate to me in French -LRB- weekly ! -RRB- . These translations are near perfect so that I understand their meaning . Those French also have their idiom/slange issues too ! I always get a fast response from Tech Support . I highly recommed this project . The only `` CON '' that I have is that the packaging labeling could be clearer . All of the various languages that are offered are packed used the same generic packaging . A sticker on the outside of the box would be helpful -LRB- in my case `` French Version '' -RRB- . It is hard to find anything negative to say about this product .
 I have purchased and used various versions of this program for my Apple II , 486 , pentium , pentium IV and now a MAC . It may not have all the bells and whistles , but you should be able to use it fully within 30 minutes .
 I love this product . I use it DAILY in my second grade classroom . The banner program is amazing and brings content to life .
 I love this . I 've been doing a lot of neat stuff with it .
 This is a good product for collectors . I use it in my business and it works great . The support is good that comes with it . There are many business options . I would highly recommend for anyone doing collection business . This is more for the individual or small small business but it does work well .
 These guys found 6 of my 8 stiffs that had moved . 1 was in prison ... guess he wont be paying up . Dog the bounty hunter doesnt hold a candle to the investigators at Bill Collector in a box
 We 've been buying JumpStart games for the computer since before my eldest daughter started kindergarten . Now that she 's headed for 2nd grade , we upgraded and she 's been learning braille and doing more math and reading . It 's great to see her engaged on the computer with a game she 's learning things from !
 A fun , animated , interactive learning tool which helps children learn while entertaining them . It takes the `` pain '' out of learning and really holds their attention . My son really believed he was writing to pen pals with the software and it made it more fun for him . It covered the basics of spelling and grammar plus some math skills , geography and more . The kids like to see their own progress as they advance through the different levels .
 I feel kind of weird writing this review because I do n't even know why I looked it up in the first place , but I thought it might be interesting for potential buyers to get a perspective from someone who 's played the game as a child.I played through this game with my younger brother when we were in elementary school . We both LOVED IT to pieces . The characters are entertaining , the games are engaging and informative , and of course , fun . I loved the loose story and the quest for stamps and have nothing but fond memories of the entire experience . Indeed , I think it says something when even now , many years later , I still look back on this game and smile . I can still remember the music and characters ' voices and all the fun times my brother and I had together going through the puzzles.I think games like this really helped instill a love of learning in both my brother and myself . We went on to play Jump Start Third and Fourth Grade - both fantastic games in themselves - and really , I know part of it might just be me being a nostalgic 90 's kid in general , but I do n't feel like there are enough games like this these days . Too many games are based on marketable characters and merchandise . Here 's an old classic for you . It 's just for fun and learning . : -RRB-
 My daugter just finished her 1st grade . I needed to give her some challange for the summer , so I bought this softwear . My wife loved it , because now my daughter spend a lot of time on it instead of driving my wife crazy . Plus , my other daughter -LRB- she 'll be in 1st grade -RRB- is learning a lot form her sister by just watching her . My daughter comes to me with some questions -LRB- why ? / how ? -RRB- which helps me explain things to her visaully . I also bought Jumpstart woorkbook for both of my daugters and they work great .
 We homeschool and we use this as an extra for my daughter . she spends at least an hour at a time on it . And it has great games that teach her . definately recommend .
 I 'm not xactly a kid anymore , but this is easier.Anyway , I LOVED this game when I got it from school , it helped me a little and even after I FINISHED 2nd grade , I played it through 5th grade just because it was fun . My little sister also had a fun time with this game when she was in 2nd grade , I highly recommend ths for kids : -RRB-
 I love ALL Jump Start Learning Activities . I bought the Kindergarten , 1st Grade and 2nd Grade . My son loves these programs also , he ca n't wait to get started on 3rd Grade . I 'm so happy to see my son playing with this educational game and I 'm sure any parent would want to see their children excited about learning .
 We find this 2nd grade Jumpstart to be very fun and entertaining . My daughter -LRB- twin # 1 -RRB- loves the log ride -LRB- math and vocabulary -RRB- and football field math . Daughter # 2 likes the bone vault -LRB- vocabulary and math -RRB- and the classroom where she can do art and vocabulary . We all giggle about some of the silly rhymes . Both also like the record player . They do not like the save the universe game , as it is hard to hear the clues . They give it two thumbs up .
 I love , love , LOVE this game ! I did not order it from this seller or amazon.com but I grew up playing this ! I believe children should learn and know the fundamental things the game has to offer . I do n't have it anymore , -LRB- I am a college student and that cd rom is long gone -RRB- but I have a baby on the way and I 'm going to order jump start preschool pretty soon ! : -RCB-
 Math Blaster Ages 7-8 is a wonderful program that engages children in learning essential math skills required in 2nd grade curriculum . The animated atmosphere lets kids play in a virtual classroom with over 300 lessons and 50 skills taught . The activities adjust to individual players and reward them with a medal and a big trophey . Kids automatically feel successful and are excited to play and learn in the carnival of games . I will use this program in my classroom to strengthen student 's math skills and get them motivated to play and learn . Thank you !
 I am quite impressed at how this keeps the attention of my 1st grade son . The carnival game atmosphere is entertaining and educational at the same time . Now all he talks about is how he wants Reading Blaster too .
 My 2 year old loves this software package . She can literally play this game for hours . The games are a great introduction to reading graphs , sorting , fractions , and hand eye coordination . The package has a whole lot more , but the ones I mentioned above are the ones my daughter plays the most .
 I purchsed this software to transcribe tapes , and it has really given me some much needed relief from heavy typing . I 'm able to wear both the headphones for the transcriber and for via voice , and I just dictate what I 'm hearing from the transcribed tape ! The easiest way to dictate , I found , is directly through the pad , and just cut and paste into word . Also , regardless of how poor you think your oratory skills are , speaking in your natural tone of voice helps the software to `` learn '' your voice pattern much quicker . I have found that even when I stumble over words that I use all the time , if I just do the voice analyzer after every session , it becomes more and more accurate . For a girl with a southern twang and drawl , that saying a lot !
 Do n't buy this older version unless you absolutely must . Version 4.0 is less expensive at $ 500 . Also keep in mind that Shake has been discontinued by Apple . It 's supposed to be replaced by product code-named `` Phenomenon '' -LRB- hopefully announced at NAB 2008 -RRB- .
 I have Logos Bible Software & it includes these books from Alfred Edersheim . They are so interesting & informative . They will give you a greater understanding of what took place in Christ 's times with the Jewish people , the Law , the Temple & how they lived . You will not be disappointed .
 Amazingly quick and simple to use ... especially considering the complexity of the operations it does . You probably want to use it in conjuction with the entire PRODUCTION SUITE as well as ILLUSTRATOR and PHOTOSHOP -LRB- check out the ADOBE CREATIVE SUITE . -RRB- Within 2 days of purchasing I managed to produce a relatively complex animated title sequence scene ... most features are `` common sense '' enough that once you get the flow you can pretty much figure things out for yourself -LRB- especially if you 've used FINAL CUT -RRB- before.Turns everything from titling to animated graphic interaction into pie - - The LIVE FONTS -LRB- not sure if they 're included -RRB- and particle emitters are great ... Its really funny , because they day after I finished my title sequence -LRB- to a Jazz instructional video I 'm doing -RRB- I rented a DVD and went to the video rental store and actually recognized some of the effects and features from the program in use.In summary
 Motion can be described as real time motion graphic design software . Motion allows the user to create professional looking titles , DVD menu items , and other visualizations to their video and DVD projects . Motion is part of Apple 's Production Bundle and it is intended to be used in conjunction with Final Cut Pro and/or DVD Studio Pro . Motion can best be compared to Adobe After Effects.Installation was a snap . The box contained an Install disk and a Motion Content disk . After imputing the DVD install disk I received a message stating that the software had launched an auto check for required hardware . From then on it was pretty standard procedure , load software , reboot , and load the Motion Content disk.The welcome menu gives you the options to take a tour , start with a tutorial , use a pre-designed template , or start a new project . I choose a new project and was prompted to select a project preset . This preset selects the type of format your project will be saved as . You can choose any ware from multimedia-small -LRB- used for low-date rate CD-ROM and use a 160x120 resolution -RRB- to DVCPRO HD 1080i50 -LRB- used for high-definition DVCPRO material and use a 1440x1080 resolution -RRB- . I chose the NTSC Broadcast SD -LRB- used for NTSC standard definition broadcast TV projects and uses a 720x486 resolution -RRB- . NTSC is an acronym for National Television System Committee , which devised the NTSC television broadcast system in 1953 . NTSC is also commonly used to refer to one type of television signal that can be recorded on various tape formats such as VHS , 3/4 '' U-matic and Betacam.Motion has two basic windows , the Utility Window and the Canvas . The utility window has three tabs , the File Broswers , the Library and the Inspector . The File Browser is used import media files . The Library contains hundreds of effects , particle emitters , behaviors and more . The inspector is composed of several more menus that select effects and processes.The Canvas is the main workspace . It contains the main viewing area , toolbar , and transport controls.Creating a project is fairly easy . You can either choose one of the 37 project templates or create your own project . Start by inserting text , a still image or a video clip . Select an effect and literally drop it on canvas . Once the effect is inserted a dashboard will appear which allows you to customize the effect . One of the main strengths to Motion is that all of the effects you can create are done in real time . Meaning once you drop in an effect you can view immediately.Behaviors can be inserted in the same drag and drop fashion . There are basic motion behaviors like fades , motion paths and scaling effects . There are simulation behaviors like gravity and repel ; text animations such as roles and crawls . Once applied they can be converted to keyframes.Being fairly new to video editing and graphic creation I have learned that speed is a necessity . Motion is fast and the playback is instantaneous . I used a dual 2 GHz G5 with 512 MB of RAM and experienced no problems . Apple recommends that the user have a Dual 2GHz Power Mac G5 with 2GB of RAM or more . I enjoy using Motion and would recommend it for anyone who uses Final Cut Pro or DVD Studio Pro . It would be a great addition to any video editor or graphic design specialist . Due to the software requirements I would n't recommend it to everyone even though it is fairly easy to use . Final Cut Pro or DVD Studio Pro are expensive programs and buying all of them can be spendy and unnecessary for the occasional home movie producer .
 I read the below reviews and feel compelled to clarify some important points regarding this software . 1 -RRB- This is powerful software that allows you to create professional quality effects . You can add explosions , multiply objects in a scene and basically let your imagination run wild . 2 -RRB- I bought the apple motion instructional book -LRB- with dvdrom -RRB- and it makes learning motion simple and fun . By the end of the 1st chapter you 're animating cg butterflies , i.e. making one butterfly turn into 5 and fly exactly how you would like . 3 -RRB- I 'm new to mac and bought an imac G5 1.8 ghz with 1 gb ram and a 64mb video card -LRB- very low end -RRB- . I could use motion , but the real time rendering was slow . Confused about what I just said ? Let me explain . Motion allows you to see what changes you are making immediately so that you can fine tune your effects . Do you want to make a butterfly fly a bit faster ? It 's easy because the movie is playing in real time allowing you to find the perfect speed without having to render each attempt . If you have a slow computer , the real time frame rate slows down . My imac slowed the frame rate from 24fps to 5 fps . However , I still saw the changes and could print to video at 24fps . 4 . -RRB- Upgrade if you want faster frame rates . I decided to upgrade . I bought a dual 2.0 G5 , 1.5 GB , 256MB nvidia video card -LRB- super fast -RRB- . Now the frame rate is at 22 to 24 fps in realtime!Bottom line , if you want to create amazing effects in your movie , buy this . If you MUST see the pre-rendered changes at 24fps , spend about 5 grand on a new computer , otherwise , live with the 5 fps . But whatever you do , do n't complain that your movie sucks because you could only see 10 fps in realtime . Chances are your creativity needs a tune up more than your Mac .
 This is a great way to learn the language of Afghanistan , i am waiting for the newest version of this cource.i have already used this one , and i must say its a recomandation , how ever Pashto is a large and diffucould language with a big history and hard grammer.They do explain it very good , so if you are going to visit Afghanistan you should know atleast few words of Afghan language .
 I 've been studying Russian for a while . Traveled to Russia , Ukraine , and Azerbaijan so I know the basics . This disk is a good review of the basics . Worth getting for under $ 30 .
 I have tried several Russian Language CDs to learn russian and they were all difficult . This software gives you the basics if you want to learn Russina before you travel . There is also a second level of this software that bulds on the Talk now software . I would recomend using this with any other Russian language training material you have or may want to use .
 This software is easy to use . I have never spoken Russian before , but after 2 weeks I can speak many words and phrases . I plan on ordering the intermediat and advanced programs .
 If you want to learn a few words / phrases of Russian , then this is a good starting point . I think there is level 2 if you want to expand your vocabulary .
 This is my first software I 've purchased for russian language and I like it very much . It is good for beginners . I recommend it .
 I work as a life skills aide through the city of Portland , maine with Somali refugees , helping them acclimate to life in a new country . Talk now ! Somali is a wonderful resource that has helped me better my very limited Somali , providing the voices of 2 native speakers and innumerable games and prompts to teach basic phrases and words . I only wish there were an intermediate level for when I move beyond the beginner level . Everything works very smoothly with the CD-ROM and it 's a pleasure to use .
 When working with this package , I find it well written and very solid . It 's a well built package to do your taxes.I used 2005 Premier and it appears that they split that product into 2 ... Premier for 2006 and 2006 Home and Business . I feel that I need to upgrade to Home and Business for the same functionality that was in Premier last year -LRB- Schedule C -RRB- . I also found that Win 98 was not supported in the list of OS . Worked last year , but , not supported this year.All in all - good tax package-make sure you need all the features you purchase . Marketing has made it more difficult this year to find the package you truly need .
 I 've used TurboTax -LRB- or MacInTax in the early days -RRB- for over 15 years to do my taxes . Most of those years included some form of business income , requiring a Schedule C to be filed . TurboTax Home and Business is a terrific product , taking you from gathering documents , to educating you about the tax code and recent changes , to data entry , to electronic filing . It 's the whole package.One year , we used an accountant to prepare our taxes , because of a particularly unusual income situation with complicated tax implications . In the amount of time that it took me to write down by hand all the information requested on the accountant 's form , I could have typed everything into TurboTax and had my taxes filed . Plus , TurboTax is less than the $ 250 average tax preparation bill . And that year I really missed the tax education I usually get by going step-by-step through TurboTax , giving me tax saving strategies for the following year.Faster . Cheaper . Plus tax strategy education . That 's why I 'm using TurboTax again this year .
 This was the first time I have ever done my taxes alone . My precious husband who passed away two years ago always handled that job ... even my business things as a published writer of Women 's fiction books . The past two years I had a tax accountant do them . I ended up paying way more taxes than I know I should , plus the big bucks he charged me for his services . I figured I could do that well by myself so bought TurboTax this year . And I DID IT ! Once I got all my figures assembled , it was quite easy , especially for a first-timer . Next year is going to be even easier now that I am familiar with the way TurboTax is set up . Thanks , Amazon and TurboTax!Signed
 Turbo tax for home and business is a bit pricey , but you can do up to 5 returns according to customer support . The Roth IRA section is either not there or I could n't find it . Turbo tax is using all the tricks to get you to buy or upgrade on their product choices -- it 's a little annoying to have to say no when the program asks if you are using Quicken books to upload , etc , or if you want to use other 3rd party services throughout the process . I recommend going to Turbo Tax website and using the compare grid to see which tax product is the optimal for you . Unfortunately some people probably need to buy multiple tax procucts to accomplish more complex returns , such as trust returns . Also , I like the pdf/print capability -- you can copy your return to a pdf and view it , or print it later . I sent my hardcopy return to the IRS via US Mail , I refuse to pay to have my tax return electronically submitted -- that should be free -- the industry has a lobby on this one . Overall it 's a great product , and anyone can confidently do their own taxes with this product .
 I used TaxCut for the last three years and bought TurboTax by mistake this year.I found out that they both do the same thing , and both are easy to use.I am giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because I did find one glitch in the software which is that even though I entered the Simple IRA contribution under my W2 , it did not carry the amount to the 1040 until I manually went to the IRA worksheet and entered the amount there . The reason I found the error is because all my figures were almost identical to last year 's figures but the final tax refund was off by a lot from last year 's number . I went to TurboTax 's support forums and found the answer there . But had I not had my last year 's return handy to compare it , I might have lost that big IRA deduction .
 This is the first time I have ever used tax preparation software and was delighted at how easy it was to do my taxes . Both State and Federal . The program guides you through what usually `` scares me to death '' when it comes to taxes . The only reason I tried to use it was I was recruited to do the beta test and wanted to see if it was possible to do my own taxes since I have used an accountant for the past 53 years . I was amazed at how easy this program is to use even if I am 73 . Try it , `` You will like it.TMS in indiana
 Overall , I have no regrets about my purchase of Turbo Tax . It is far cheaper than a professional accountant.I 'm not sure if I really got a ton of value out of the additional functionality in the Home and Business edition . My wife and I each have a Schedule C business , but they are both pretty simple , we keep really good records -LRB- just in Excel -RRB- , and I probably could have just entered the values into a simple Schedule C Worksheet . Again , no complaints , just not sure if it was worth the additional money -LRB- $ 30 or $ 40 , I think -RRB- . I did encounter one bug in the product -LRB- which may have since been fixed - I did get new updates almost every time I went back in -RRB- . On the Schedule D worksheet , there was a problem where the Long/Short term gain indicator was n't saving . Luckily , I caught this , as it defaults to short term and would have made about a $ 40K difference to me ! When I overrode is manually , it worked , but then when I ran Error Check , it said I had 96 errors -LRB- it somehow found 8 errors on each of the 12 Cap Gains worksheets -RRB- . I had somehow created some blank rows on each worksheet and was choking on those .
 I 've been using TurboTax since around 1991 and ca n't imagine facing a tax season without it ! If you also use Quicken -LRB- highly recommended ! -RRB- and categorize things properly , TurboTax will import that data and fill out most of the more difficult sections of your 1040 for you . I 've been beta testing Turbotax for the last couple of years as well , and have been impressed with how bugfree the betas have been , compared to released software by the competition ! Now , the only hard part of tax season is waiting for my refund : -RRB-
 I have been using Turbo Tax since the 80s and have had no issues or concerns . Turbo Tax 2006 is no different , it loads easily , updates with no problems and most of all , is user friendly .
 I have used this product for about 5 years . It is easy to use and alot cheaper than having your taxes done by someone else . I especially would recommend it to any small business owner .
 Turbotax is a product I 've used for many years , and when I did taxes as a business , I was an early user of the `` Pro '' version . It 's an outstanding program , with enough safeguards worked in to keep you from making mistakes on the ever-more complex tax forms . The only problem is the number of steps one must take to do anything , but I suspect that is necessary , since each entry has to be accurate , and the software itself must monitor your accuracy . Sometimes -LRB- as with K-1 's and some other forms -RRB- , the software actually falls down a bit , but if you do n't know how to input the information in the first place , perhaps you are better off with someone else doing your taxes for you.In any event , for about $ 90 Federal and State , I got a program that created and printed the tax forms I needed . Typical cost , I think , for an accountant for a return like mine ? -- $ 500 - $ 1,000 . It 's good software !
 fine . Only question I have is would one of the less expensive products work just as well for me . I think so .
 I love using Turbotax and have done so for years ! I am self employed now , so I have to use the business edition , but have used the regular versions in the past and have always loved them . They are very user friendly and helpful !
 I have used this product for several years and find it an excellent way to do your taxes . I recommend this to everbody .
 I am very happy with this TurboTax.After my son showed me how to use it , I was hooked.In the past , I have always done my own income tax and every year it becomes more difficult.My wife is an independent contractor and by using this software , it made doing taxes a breeze and fun .
 Turbotax Federal And State Home And Business is by far the easiest and quickest way to get that much needed tax refund in your hands quickly and easily . After you gather up all of your receipts and income records , you can have your tax return submitted that same day .
 I understand the annual changes in the tax/forms laws dictates a new program every year . Technologically we should be able to have offered an upgrade every year to the software we already possess instead of having to buy a new version every year . Logically the cost to the consumer should be proportionate and reasonable . I have been using this Tax package since its inception under the Parson 's Company . You are limited to the prior year 's data and unable to import basic information from past years.An excellent product otherwise .
 Fabulous !! Easy to use !! Highly recommend it !!
 I have been using this product for 8 years for my wifes business and my w-2 's . It gets better every year . No audits and no errors . It doesnt take any more time than it would gathering the information and taking it to a tax person and you save the gas !
 Easy to use step by step and it stays up to date
 This product has met our needs ver well every year we 've used it . We used the online only version last year , and it was slow and clunky -LRB- we could n't pick up right where we 'd left off -RRB- . BUT ... The desktop version is great ! Faster than ever compared to earlier years , and no tax category was overlooked for personal or business . We ran it on Mac OS X 10.4.9 . Buy with confidence !
 Easy tax preparation and lots of information , videos , and help . I even bought stock in INTUIT because I also use their Quicken product . Awsome products ... no wonder Microsoft had their eye on it before .
 love it . after paying over $ 300 to have a woman I did n't know read computer prompted questions to me I decided this was something I could do myself , with a little help.TurboTax stepped me through it.It is not a replacement for a GOOD tax person who offers advice and knows your situation , but better than the generic tax prep service on any given street corner .
 This is my second year with this version of TurboTax for the Mac . I am very satisfied with the product . As a self-employed person , it has saved me over $ 500 per year in tax preparation fees that would have gone to a tax accountant . I recommend it highly . Phone support was very satisfactory.If you want the FREE State Tax included , be SURE to order THIS version . Some versions come without the free State Tax included .
 First of all , I use a Mac with OSX and this software works great . It is much improved over previous versions . I had tried Tax Cut in the past , and support for Mac was non existant . I do use Quicken , but choose to enter it in Turbotax manually , as my tax situation is too complicated to do an import . The flow of the program is excelllent , and explanations are thorough . It also includes the state program which is also quite useful . The only complaints that I have are when dealing with Capital Gains , the instructions state it will help calculate the basis for a company spinoff , but on the drop down menu , for Schud D , this is not available . The basis pro feature is helpful , but it can be complicated to enter in all the data , especially if you are in a dividend reinvestment program , which results in several tax basis lots . Another issue , was that in the State section , the explanations of AMT adjustments compared to Federal issues , was lacking . Finally , in the past , a federal e-file was included , but this year it is not . I filed by paper as I do not consider it cost effective to efile versus only getting my refund 2-3 weeks earlier .
 I really like turbotax . It helped me to easily file my tax returns in the past 5 years . Very helpful , sometime a bit difficult to use if want to navigate through different sections of your tax ` return .
 I own a small business and used to use a tax accountant to prepare my taxes . But , much like the TurboTax commercial , I decided to do it myself with TurboTax . Money magazine reviewed all of the various offerings last year and selected TurboTax as the best choice for my needs . Last year it worked great , and this year it was even easier since much of the information was pulled from last years data file . I 'm very satisfied with the software .
 I really like the current method of walking through each topic , with a `` you have completed 7 of 20 steps '' dialogue . I also like the table of topics , with a notation of whether you 've covered it or not , and with a click you can return directly to the topic once you 've collected more data .
 IT IS DIFFICULT TO GO BACK AND FIX MISTAKES USING THE OVER RIDE FUNCTIONTURBO TAX IS SLOWLY IMPROVING
 I have been using Turbotax since 1989 . One of the old features that I liked that are absent today is pull down menu for each itemized menu.It 's Deductible software is a gimmick . Do n't waste your money unless you get with the software which was the case with above release .
 When I started Beta Testing for TurboTax , I never thought my submissions would have an impact . Boy was I wrong ! They listened to everything I -LRB- and everyone else -RRB- said , and acted upon them . TurboTax loads faster , updates more often , and they even got rid of the extra junk that loads up on your desktop . If you 've used TurboTax before , you 're probably already familiar with the `` Import '' feature . Use this and you 'll save yourself HOURS of loading information back into the program . For novices , as you work within TurboTax you will see the refund calculated in real time so you know how much you owe , or how large your return is , instantly and at every step . TurboTax just keeps getting better year after year !
 Turbotax made filing vastly easier this year . It was especially useful for handling all the complexities of a schedule C . It was also a pleasant surprise that it was able to reach out to my investment sites , and gather and organize all the necessary information that normally must be gleaned from forms 1099 . It was also wonderful to have my tax recomputed -LRB- and the resultant liability or refund reported -RRB- instantly after every correction I would make to the input data . All this sure beats filling out page after page by hand !
 Contains a variety of help formats and provides multiple ways to navigate through the system . I started with the online version -LRB- free -RRB- then purchased the desktop version as there were several key features only available in the desktop version . My online information transferred to the desktop . Links between the inexpensive Quicken seem to be better than between the quite expensive Quickbooks . I do hope that improves next year . Regardless , although quite time consuming to complete our taxes this year , it was better than dealing with our accountant and look forward to completing the taxes using Turbo Tax in the future .
 I am a single mom and have never done my taxes by myself . The cost to have taxes done is ridiculous . This is the best thing ever . It walks you thru everything and is very easy to use . I will buy this product again next year . .
 Seems to work OK but still have problems moving around efficiently . Product does n't seem intuitive about the users needs and every year it is constructed differently but does n't seem any better or easier than the previous year .
 Great price . Beats Office Depot by at least $ 20.00 . Love this software . I got my refund and it was more that what I expected . Easy to use , fast , this is my 5th year in a row using this software .
 Turbo Tax was great . I had a net operating loss with my LLC . This software handled it great . I had tried to use the IRS website , but the instructions and forms were too complicated . Turbo Tax made things very easy .
 I used Turbo Tax Home and Business this year . I found it easy to use and understand . It intergrated well with the Turbo Tax product I used in the previous year . I will be using it next year .
 I found the product intuitive to install and operate . I did not have to resort to reading of a complicated manual and help was available when I needed it . The help was designed in depth so I could get what I needed without going through useless verbage .
 I 'm an independent worker/contractor and have to say that this software truly impressed me . The next time I do taxes I feel I 'll be even better prepared using some of the tips this package offered . Totally worth it .
 I was quite pleased with this product . After I had heard nightmares about how hard to was to do taxes as a self-employed 1099 , I was warry of doing my taxes this year . But the Turbo Tax was easy to use and in my opinion quite thorough . It is definitely cheaper than going to one of those tax places that uses basically the same software but charges a whole lot more money !
 TurboTax made my taxes easy -LRB- again -RRB- . This was the first time i needed the business suite and it was an easy walk through .
 have used tt for years now . my situation is not tremendously complicated -LRB- upper middle class with a spouse who has a fledgling home based sole proprietorship business , some stock market activity -RRB- . have found it useful and certainly efficient in terms of electronic filing , etc. .
 A great product for those who would rather do it themselves . I 'm a freelancer in the entertainment industry and have multiple W2 's and 1099 forms at the end of the year . This product made filing with both extremely easy and quick .
 Software is excellent for anyone that has a small business or rental property .
 I use this to prepare returns for my wife and myself and our respective buisnesses ... works well and found it easier than tax cut ... do n't forget to manually check your forms to make sure you did not miss anything ... the interviews are fairly straight forward but found imputing cap gains easier in manual mode ... enjoy
 We do 2 households ' personal taxes and our son 's small business tax . It is quick and easy to use . You can quick add your items or go through the steps with the tax program . This is the fourth time we are using TurboTax .
 Except for problems entering apportioned mortgage interest for home offices and cost of goods sold for for three small businesses , seems nearly as easy to use as it can be . Our problems were efficiently solved by excellent service from real TurboTax people . We sent one email with our questions and the next day received the answers in a very helpful phone call . The thorough suggestions for tax deductions , corrections of our errors , and the almost humorous running balance of taxes owed or refund due at the upper left of the screen are very good . Factoring in the price of this software , we saved over $ 400 . by not having to pay an accountant . We anticipate that using TurboTax next year will make the job even easier .
 I put in all the information from this year , took my tax return forms the accountant gave me last year , continued all the write offs and depreciation 's , and it saved me a few hundred dollars in fees . I see some people do not like spending a few `` extra '' $ $ $ to get the products they need , but compare it to an accountants fee . After all , many CPA 's use TT to create your tax returns for you . So why not cut out the middle man .
 Does everything I need-have been using Turbotax for 20 years and am quite satisfied with their product . Have tried others for comparison purposes a couple of times and have found them not as well organized and clear .
 I have used TurboTax Business for several years for S Corp returns -LRB- 1120 S -RRB- and Estate returns -LRB- 1041 -RRB- . This year , I beta tested TurboTax Business 2006 and found it significantly improved . Much better interview regimen and easier to navigate from one section to another . Much better than TaxCut .
 Seems to be just a little better than TaxCut which I 've used for many years in the past . Interview format is good - overall easy to use .
 I have used Turbo tax since it first came out . I used to have an accountant that charged me $ 400 back in the 80 's and caused me to have a costly mistake in my inventory numbers.I learned that I can put together my business numbers , that I gave to him and just enter them in Turbo Tax . Always worked great and then when the free Federal electronic filing came around , I used it every year and then just mailed in my simple State return.About ten years back , I took the H & R tax course and worked for them for a season , so I know a little more than most about taxes and can use the form system or the guided questions that Turbo Tax asks . I really recommend that people should take the H & R course in the summer.It was a huge surprise to me that this year free Federal electronic filing was not included and I had to pay for it ! I always paid for the State Electronic Filing , but now there were two extra fees . This is why TT is getting four stars instead of five.By the way , my son , the poor student , was able to file electronically for free with the online version of Free Turbo Tax which we found thru the government website
 With constant updates and checks , keeps you honest and up to date on latest rulings.Had State filing I did n't need , but I did need other information.Have used this for several years for personal and small business , with great results .
 I 've used this product for years , and it is excellent . Must have if depreciating anything because it does all the calculations for you , and it transfers relevant data from year to year . Make sure you buy the version that includes state . Also great for itemizing deductions and finding new deductions for you .
 I like this product and will buy it again . It is easy to use and understand .
 This was my first time using turbotax . I found it to be easy to use , easy to install , and as far as I know , it did well finding my deductions . The only problem I had was updating it . Each time you go into the system to work on taxes , it asks if you want to connect to the internet for updates . I have dial-up , so updates would take forever . Then when I was finished and went to file , the program would n't let me ; it said my program was n't updated . I finally called the toll-free number and got a free update cd -LRB- it only took a short time to be mailed to me -RRB- . That was easy to install too , but after that , I still had to update off the internet one more time before turbotax was finally satisfied . If you have high speed internet , this would be great . If you have dialup , just use your patience .
 As a first time `` do-it-myselfer '' I have to admit I was a little nervous . However I think Turbotax did a great job of walking me through every step . Gives you the option of going slowly and understanding each step , or skipping to the topics you need to get to . My situation is not complicated , so this may be part of why I had such an easy time . However I would still highly recommend this product to anyone who is willing to tackle their taxes on their own .
 Excellent tax software package . Easy to use and great for forecasting future year taxes .
 As a long time TT user -LRB- I begin using this product when it as first intoduced , many years ago -RRB- and Beta tester , I have always found this product a necessary tool for doing my personal and business taxes . I highly recommend it !!
 Course OverviewThe Supporting Microsoft Exchange Server 5.5 curriculum is intended for Microsoft Exchange Server system architects and designers who plan , install , configure , customize , and troubleshoot Exchange Server deployments . The goal of this series is to provide students with the knowledge and skills required to design and implement an Exchange Server organization . Students first learn design considerations , component interaction , and underlying architecture , and then move to planning and installing the environment , and configuring , managing , and optimizing the environment.This curriculum consists of 6 Skill Builder courses : Course 73365 Microsoft Exchange Server 5.5 Design and Implementation - Part 1Course 73366 Microsoft Exchange Server 5.5 Design and Implementation - Part 2Course 73367 Microsoft Exchange Server 5.5 Design and Implementation - Part 3Course 73368 Microsoft Exchange Server 5.5 Design and Implementation - Part 4Course 73369 Microsoft Exchange Server 5.5 Design and Implementation - Part 5Course 73370 Microsoft Exchange Server 5.5 Design and Implementation - Part 6Certification
 I work in industrial automation , where almost all software runs on XP , practically only a few manufacturers have stable versions of all their software for newer Vista OS . So ... get your XP copies while they last !
 I purchased the Microsoft Windows XP Professional FULL VERSION to install on a MacBook . I installed Windows XP on a partition set up with Boot Camp . The installation went well , and Windows XP has performed as expected . I perform nearly all tasks on my MacBook with the Mac Leopard OS . I only use Windows XP to accomplish a few Windows-specific tasks . Windows XP is used as an operating system of last resort on this computer .
 What 's not to like . It is the dominant gaming operating system for now . The full version will repair windows in the event of a crash , as opposed to the OEM version from the computer vendor -LRB- or purchased -RRB- , which requires a total reinstallation , including all other applications on the hard drive in question . I had an OEM disk , but opted for a new full version with repair capability to avoid any future total reinstallations . Some of my current games and applications would not reinstall on my desktop computer and are lost , but , oddly , as a test , installed on my laptop with Windows XP Pro.A new computer , to arrive soon , has Vista for the OS and I 'll be able to compare .
 Windows XP Professional is now a mature stable OS that I have become quite comfortable working with over the past 6 years . For a new PC recently built for my home office network I chose to stay with Windows XP Professional for compatibility with 2 other PCs running XP Pro , a network shared multi-function laser printer for which full function Vista drivers are not available , and potential issues with other older hardware and software.Depending on the version , Vista offers some built in functionality not included in XP Pro , but Vista also requires higher end PC hardware than XP . Having some limited experience using Vista PCs , I have found no compelling reason to upgrade from XP , particularly considering potential Vista compatibility issues with older hardware and software used with my home office network and that all of my current hardware and software work perfectly fine with XP.If you are upgrading to XP Pro from XP Home -LRB- or Win98 , ME , 2000 or NT4 -RRB- save some money and buy the XP Pro upgrade version . For those building a new PC wanting to stay with XP you can buy the OEM version for about half the cost of the full retail version . Buy the full retail version to have the flexibility to move it to a different PC in the future.Microsoft stopped distributing XP for consumer purchase in July 2008 and currently plans to only offer XP Professional under limited conditions for OEM installation on new PCs until January 2009 . I have read that Microsoft plans to support XP with critical updates until 2014 . So I plan to skip Vista and wait for Windows 7 before seriously considering an operating system upgrade . For those planning to build or upgrade a PC with Windows XP , get it is while it is still available.P.S . -- After trying MS Office 2007 , I also bought a copy of MS Office Professional 2003 while still available .
 I spent about 3 months fighting with the Vista that was pre-installed on my laptop until I finally broke down and decided to downgrade to XP . It took me about a day to get my laptop operating to my satisfaction but I have to say it was WELL WORTH IT . Within 24 hours , I had VERY VISIBLE IMPROVEMENTS IN PERFORMANCE that came from downgrading from Vista to XP . If you own Vista and are struggling with it like I was , I highly recommend `` downgrading '' . If your results are anything like mine , you will find this to be more of an upgrade than anything .
 I am pleased with Windows XP as I had tried Vista and that system would not run several of my programs and hardware . I do photographic work with scanners and also use digital cameras . Xp works with all of it so I would recommend that operating system currently . As far as Vista is concerned , several hardware makers have not produced drivers for their products so you can not run them with Vista !
 You can make your computer more efficient by using windows XP professional SP2 , in place of any home edition.Compare to windows XP home , XP-professional is more secure , reliable and fast with more in built security and efficiency enhancement options .
 Very happy with the software , it was shipped quickly and we received it very fast . It was exactly how it was described . Easy to load on the computer and use , had the product key code ... happy about that . When purchasing software on the internet , you have to be very careful and this was legite . Good product . Love Amazon ... would buy from them again and highly recommend this software .
 Needed a copy of XP for my son 's computer - this filled the bill at a good price . Me , I am a Mac guy - no more blue screens and hours of downloading updates .
 we all remember how XP rather sucked when it first came out . but after the service packs , it runs smoothly , is widely supported and is really the only operating system i want to use for years to come .
 It was shipped and rec 'd fast and was in excellent condidion.Sure beats Vista operating system .
 Windows XP Pro SP 2 . I had to install SP3 . I think this is the best windows operating system ever ! Shop around , cause it 's going for cheaper than what I had to pay here in a pinch.EDIT ! Windows 7 x64 is BEST Windows ever . SOOOO happy . . Ca n't run it on EVERY legacy device though ... So still cheers to XP.XP . Best in CLASS .
 Windows XP is not available through Microsoft - so I was thrilled to find a new box on Amazon .
 ME , CE , 95 , 98 , 2000 all blew and XP was the only good one out of the lot . Vista also sucks beyond words so do n't bother with it . XP takes 1.5 GB to run itself , Vista takes 40GB thats insane . Just use XP or better yet use Mac OS X. Linux Ubuntu is ok too if you have a masters in computer science to get it to connect to the internet .
 Install of the product itself is no problem , however it would help if it said somewhere that Windows XP Media Edition can NOT be upgraded AT ALL . I 'm glad I have an old HD that I can install this on to boot my new computer with XP Pro .
 I bought two XP Pros . One is for me and the other is for my son . Our laptops run Vista.I bought these for insurance if Windows 7 falls flat on Bill Bates ' face .
 Microsoft Windows XP Professional delivers on its title 's promise -- is a the best operating system for everyone , not just the experienced professional -LRB- as it is noted in a Microsoft book , `` XP '' stands for `` experienced '' -RRB- . It is based on the Windows NT and Windows 2000 code , and not the Windows 95/98/ME code , thus making the using of computers better for everyone . Also , it is the best and most popular operating system on the market -LRB- at least 65 % of servers and all computers run Windows XP Professional -RRB- , partly because it has Internet Information Server for making web publishing easy with an operating system that is reliable and also is easy . With Service Pack 2 , we get more security and the ability to use Office 2007 . There is beeter networking and user account management as well . By the way , in addition to all these `` professional '' features , Microsoft Windows XP Professional also has everything that Windows XP Home Edition and Windows XP Media Center Edition have to offer , thus making Windows XP Professional usable for personal use as well . Therefore , Microsoft Windows XP Professional should certainly be given due consideration .
 We abandoned Windows 7 for XP Pro SP3 on all our computers in our firm.XP Professional has the most support for drivers and well as software fromany other OS -LRB- even 7 -RRB- . Manufacturers will be supplying drivers for hardware wellinto 2014 - and XP has more hardware support than any other OS on the Market.Ditch 7 and stick with XP until it dies.Danxo -LRB- WJ Group -RRB-
 I bought an Apple computer , a Mac Book Pro , but needed to run a few Microsoft programs . So , the people at the Apple store advised me to get VMfusion for the Mac -LRB- they recommend it over Parallels -RRB- , and then to buy a copy of the Windows operating system and install it on the Mac , `` inside of '' VMfusion . It works great ! I run Internet Explorer , a real estate contracts program , and other PC programs , on my Mac . I was even able to install a printer driver , using the PC disc , onto the Mac and it works great . FYI , the Windows disc comes with the statement `` For distribution only with a new PC '' , but it did include the Certificate of Authenticity -LRB- COA -RRB- . It also says `` Version 2002 '' and `` Includes Service Pack 2 '' -LSB- SP2 -RSB- on it , which is the version that the Apple people advised me to get , for use on a Mac . I was told to avoid trying to install Vista on a Mac . Anyway , it 's been 2 weeks and so far so good .
 This tried and true Windows Operating System when properly installed and updated to SP3 version and proper security suite will perform to your satisfaction . Having learned the usage of this system over the past 10 years I continue to have a preference to it over anything produced since.Candidly I might add , `` I use it daily over other later editions in a dual boot format ''
 Beware of different versions of Windowsfor US USA United Statesand for UK United Kingdomand other places like CanadaI noticed two different numbered products here on Amazon , and searched for them at google to find out why it was so.So I found some useful information already posted at ebay.This is what I found as below , that I copy and paste here : While shopping for Microsoft Windows XP Professional I 've learned about the differences in two versions being offered.One has the manufacturers part number or SKU number E85-02665 and the other is E85-02667 . These are both English language but the version with #E 85-02667 is meant for distribution in the UK and associated countries . The #E 85-02665 is for the US and Canada.These numbers are on a label on the box that the product comes in.I contacted Microsoft about the E85-02667 UK version and asked if this would work okay in my PC here in the US . They said it would work but that it has `` significant program differences '' than the E85-02665 US/CAN version . Also the support office for the UK version is in the UK and the US/CAN version support office is in the US.These are both XP professional full versions . They are not OEM or upgrades . The E85-02665 retails for around $ 300 at the store . On eBay the E85-02667 UK is selling cheaper than the E85-02665 US/CAN version but be aware that sellers are not describing E85-02667 as a UK version.I do n't know of anyone using the UK version in there PC in the US but I did n't want to be a guinea pig and find out if it works okay without problems because of the programming differences between the two so I 'm sticking with E85-02665 , the US/CAN version.Caveat Emptor - let the buyer beware .
 I just upgraded my Windows 2000 OS to Windows XP after having it recommended as it 's capability of being seamlessly integrated with the least problems than if I had gone to Microsofts Vista . I 'm going to resist Vista as long as I can and right now it looks as if XP is keeping me on the right track . Thanks , Amazon .
 I 've been really impressed with this release of Windows . Couple it with the the latest Service Pack 2 and it really shines . I work as a technician at a computer repair shop , and let me tell you it is by far the easiest version of Microsoft Windows to support .1 . It 's driver database is outstanding . I get so amazed when I plug in a device and it automatically installs it .2 . I 'm also impressed with the stability of this version . Remember the blue screen that you always got in earlier versions ?? It 's basically gone !! 3 . The built-in popup blocker included with service pack 2 does an excellent job of blocking popups . My popups are gone !! 4 . It also does a fine job of backwards compatibility . I 've already ran OLD ms-dos programs on my XP machine just for the kicks .5 . And the Windows Restore capability is awesome . I 've fixed a problem by simply restoring it to yesterday.These are just a few of the many features of Windows XP . All in all , I 'm well pleased . Buy it .
 I ordered XP Pro in order to downgrade the OS on my recently purchased Toshiba Qosmio laptop ... although Toshiba is not offering any help in this , I am still looking forward to dumping Vista once and for all in exchange for the XP Pro I am using on my other computers .
 I bought xp to run on my mac along with vmware . It works great , very easy to use . I would highly recommend it to individuals with macs whose browsers are not compatible with pc based programs.There are very bugs to work out with this version , as opposed to the Vista.In all honesty though , If I did n't need windows for work , I probably would n't have made the purchase because the mac browsers are very proficient '
 Just as it says on the box . Wish MS -LRB- amongst many other multinationals -RRB- could treat the Aus consumer better , would have liked to buy this locally but no option .
 Every time I get a new system or a used one I always install XP professional . I could go on and on about how I like XP over vista or windows 7 . But you would become bored with all of the tech talk . This OS is not the latest but I 'll use it any way . My mother has allays told me if it is not broke do n't fix it . well XP in my opinion is not broke.The only disappointment I had with the packing is it came in a folder not a box . The photo shows you it comes in a nice box . I give the photo one star because of the false advertising.I like that it is easy to network and share files . Easy to trouble shoot . Easy to use.Works well on most older computer systems . I recommend service pack 2 over sp 3 . If you chose to buy this os you will not be sorry . For the Expert User you may install XP on a virtual Machine while your host is running Vista or windows 7 . Please note the os is 32 bit not 64 bit
 Needed to repair desktop system . No system CD from previous installation . Got another one here for a good price . Shipping was fast . Everything I needed to get up and running again . Seller was good . Glad it was available . Now I always do a system backup CD when I get a new computer before something goes wrong .
 I already had this , but it took up a lot of memory which was relieved by the newer version .
 Item was as described . I installed it quickly and Microsoft verified it as legal . I would buy again from this vender .
 This was a replacement . Windows XP remains one of the best computer operating systems around .
 Having a copy of Windows on PC , I needed an extra one to run on a Mac . So far , it works fine .
 I was a little disappointed when XP would n't reformat my hard drive and kill the unwanted Vista program Best Bye put on my new computer . Next time I 'll just ask for the computer and format the thing my self .
 Loading Windows XP on my Mac was extremely easy ! There were no problems whatsoever . The service is unbelievable !! I got the product days before it was scheduled to be delivered . Come to think of it , everything I buy from Amazon is delivered promptly with no problems .
 I myself feel that this is the best version of Windows for the home . -LRB- Excluding all of the business/server oriented versions -RRB- This is about as rock solid as it gets , and it is the standard amongst computers today.I had to run out and grab a copy before Microsoft stops selling it . They keep saying they are going to make it go away.I really love the compatibility with drivers , and everything out there . I will be running it on some of my machines for a long time .
 I have worked with XP Pro for some time and ca n't say much bad . I guess i 'm just patient . I am a network planner/maintainer and use XP Pro at home . The first copy that I bought did n't work . Kept getting a stop error . Notified Amazon and got another copy sent out within days of my submitting for the exchange online . Matter of fact I got my new copy before I even sent out the one that did n't work . So thumbs up to Amazon for that one . The operating system itself runs like a champ and was easy to install . I 've not switched to Vista yet because i 've read too many negatives and not enough posatives from general users to computer geeks who want a flawless machine that boots up in seconds and NEVER has issues . As for me , a typical daily user , I think it 's top notch and wo n't go to Vista for several years if I can help it .
 Of all the products Microsoft have produced , Windows XP Pro is the very best . It is much better than Vista in every way . It is tried and true . It does not crash , and is very forgiving of newbie mistakes .
 When all manufacturers are trying to insist on shipping ordered systems with Vista , this software enables one to order a built-to-order system shipped without an OS installed.When it arrived , I installed this XP Pro and moved on ... without the hassle of Windows `` XP-alladoscious '' Vista .
 this product works great , it is a nice replacement of the default vista that came installed on my laptop . it was a little tricky finding some of the drivers but it was well worth it in the end . it was able to ship nice and quickly and was rather easy to install when it got here .
 Where do I start . I originally purchased Windows Vista to run on my newly built PC Intel QX6700 Core 2 extreme quad processor , Zalman CNPS 9700 to cool the CPU , 4 gigs of Corsair Dominator ram DDR2-800 , 2 - 150G Raptor X 's in raid 0 , with 2 Nvidia 8800GTX 's in SLI configuration , with Creative SB XFI Fata1ty Pro sound card all snuggled into EVGA 680i SLI Mobo Ver A , encased in a Silverstone TJ09 . 24 inch Samsung Syncmaster monitor . One year now and Vista still has driver issues and hangs up all the time . I keep the drivers update all the time and run plenty of security software . I purchased Windows XP Pro for it 's absolutely stable platform extensive driver compatability with added cards and input output devices . Yes Vista has DX10 well it just is n't as important as the best stable platform . Besides DX9c works pretty darn good itself . Service Pack 3 is due out in a couple of weeks and may very well be Microsofts last major update for Windows XP . I think I will run Windows XP at least until MS can get their next platform out Windows 7 somtime on 2010 or more likley 2011 . I hope you are able to get this software before it is completely unavailable . Windows XP Pro is rock solid better than that other computer companies operating system .
 I ca n't believe I never left a review for XP . XP is the best OS there has been . Windows ME comes close . And I 'm sure , if you are a total computer guru , you will say Linex is . But we are talking Microsoft . The most general . KEEP your XP people . Microsoft is doing the Vista change-over just to make their billions of dollars again ! With Vista requires all new software and new hardware . You can stretch this XP out until the new OS comes out after Vista ! Just like many did for the Windows 98 . Anyhow , XP has been the best software for me . Far less problems of missing files and unusual errors compared to any other Microsoft OS in the past . Just remember , to download Firefox people ! Internet Explorer - created by Microsoft , has WAY too many holes in it . Protect yourself with Firefox !! and BOOOO to Vista !!!!!
 Product was received quickly and in great condition . Packaged just as the seller described . I would buy from this seller again .
 Excellent quality and speed delivery time for a used item which is working perfectly , cant be comparable with new cd .
 I just bought XP Pro because MS is supposed to phase out XP in June of this year . Go to InfoWorld and read about why the world is up in arms with MS. Over 200,000 signatures have signed the petition to save XP.And MS is loving every minute of it , as well as all PC and hardware manufacturers . Why?Vista has promoted the sale of new PCs , Printers , Scanners , etc. . This is a win-win scenario for MS , PC and hardware manufacturers . And Vista will not run off most of your 3rd party applications , but it runs MS 's Office , games , and other MS applications . Does this sound familiar -LRB- IE vs Netscape wars -RRB- ? Because Vista does not work , everyone must buy a copy of XP to replace Vista . All of the different packaged versions of the same Windows OS were created to take advantage of everyone . A few years back I bought XP 64 . It was not supported by Adelphia -LRB- now Comcast -RRB- and I could not even get on the Web.I believe MS designed Vista so it would not work on most machines and to promote PC and peripheral sales ; money flowed to MS by selling flawed Vista and by double-dipping XP Pro/Home to replace dysfunctional Vista just to make our expensive PCs useful again . In 2010 MS will grease world-wide ATM debits by selling Windows 7/its next version . MS learned well from all of its other OS failures -LRB- 95 , 98 , especially from Millennium -RRB- . MS and PC hardware manufacturers are in the hog pen together , selling Windows , Printers , software applications , and on and on . Are n't most of the hardware manufacturers behind the power curve , not producing drivers or driver updates for Vista?I think Congress needs to do some investigating , that is , if they are not already in MS 's deep soft money pockets!The Al Queda mind set -LRB- AQMS -RRB- is in warp drive in the U.S. , the AQMS financial version that is -LRB- also oil , mortgage ARMs , medical , drugs , and so on -RRB- . `` Let the Buyer Beware '' does not apply to MS software because many buyers are trumped by clever advertising/hype/mis-information . `` Plausible deniability '' has become a legal cesspool in the U.S.
 It ai n't easy using WXP after 20 years on a Mac ! But , needed the SW to run a PC only package for business .
 If you 're reading this . You 're thinking of buying Windows XP Professional Edition here are a few things to keep in mind.First thing is , you might be able to get away with buying just the upgrade edition . The upgrade edition allows you to do a full install . It just asks you for the CD of a previous version of Windows . Also remember you can download service pack two from the Windows update web site . So no need to buy it integrated with XP.These are what I consider the minimum system requirements :256 MB of RAM . I have found is adequate more equals better .500 MHz or higher will do .7200 rpm hard drive will help a lot.If you 're running Windows millennium edition , or 98 upgrade now the stability is vastly improved . Gone are the blue screens of death.Frequently asked question
 While Windows generally has been a klunky interface , XP is really finally one of the more finished products from MS. I just recently upgraded to the MacBook Pro and with Parallels I 'll finally be able to work with the very few Windows applications that I need . It works great with Parallels .
 I bought XP after Vista was released because I want Windows on my iMac , a and Apple does n't yet support Vista . It was slightly annoying , because a bluetooth keyboard -LRB- connected to built-in bluetooth , not USB -RRB- can not support setup . Plus , I contacted Microsoft for support , and they claim they do n't support Macintosh hardware . Stupid , it works perfectly , there was just one small kink . It is very cool that Windows runs on my Macintosh hardware .
 You can find most of these goods in Home edition . If you are not sure which type is for you , you may want to read my review on Windows XP Home Edition . If you find it 's good enough for you , choosing that would be a smart choice as it is tagged with lower price than this Professional edition.Some other good points on Windows XP Professional edition are : Advanced control options on networking , security , and administration . You can control user and group policy , audit events on your computer , manage advanced networking , etc. . These tools are useful , especially in a network.Better user interface . All the icons , windows , and its components are redesigned and it 's much better than the previous design in any Windows version.Renewed Start Menu . With this new start menu , the most used/launched software will be displayed . You do n't have to scroll through your All Programs items to launch your favourite program . It also displays most accessed items such as Control Panel , My Computer , Help , Your Documents , Music , Pictures , and Network easily.Better plug & play support . With Windows XP , just plug your device in , and Windows will search the appropriate driver for you . All you have to do is wait for it , and Windows will notify you once your device is ready to be used.Firewall and other security . Windows XP comes with SP2 and better firewall , keeping you away from all those unauthorized people on the net that are trying to steal your information.I can conclude that this is the best Windows ever . And while we are waiting for the next generation of Windows , Windows Vista , this OS is still the best choice among other Windows .
 Windows XP is by far the best OS Microsoft has produced besides Windows 2000 . I can not understand some of these reviews I am reading . As a computer technician , I have been repairing computers since the days of DOS 2 . I have several office computers all running Windows XP . 1 server running Windows 2000 , and 7 servers running Linux , and 1 computer running Mac OSX . So I have worked with them all.People are claiming windows is less secure than other operating systems . Well , that is simply not true . Mac and Linux have just as many security updates as windows does , and in fact , Linux releases more fixes than Microsoft does for windows . A fully updated OS is very secure , and there have been televised hacker challenges to prove it.I will give the reviewers this , Microsoft 's products cost way too much . That I can not argue with.What makes Windows seem more vulnerable than other OS 's is simply the fact that it is more widely used than any other OS . Now if Linux for instance had the larger market share , then the hacker , virus and Spyware makers would be targeting it instead of Windows . It is really nothing more than that.Windows XP is a resource hog . I will give the reviewers that . So it obviously requires a newer computer to run it.Statistics show that a Windows based computer will get attacked within minutes of connecting it to the internet . So obviously the first thing that needs to be done is patch it . If that is ignored , then you will have problems with it very quickly.Any problems that people are having I am willing to bet are all related to the fact that the computer was put onto the internet without patching it.But Linux and Mac need to be patched also , and ignoring them will result in the same problems . It will just take longer for it to happen . And that goes back to what I said about the market share of the OS , and its popularity . When that shifts to a different OS , if it ever does , the same thing will happen to that OS.So stop blaming the OS . Blame yourself . Lack of knowledge of the dangers of the Internet , and plain laziness are the real cause of the problems . Not the OS .
 This really goes out to those who read the first review of Windows XP Pro .1 . Service Pack 2 can be downloaded , but it does take a while , even with high-speed internet . With a P3 , 800MHz system , it took over 2 hours to download and install with 4MB down stream . Plus , my system had to be rebooted a few times to make sure everything was installed properly . Having SP2 on the WinXP disc saves a lot of time ! 2 . Nothing is perfect in computers . While Mac systems have fewer virus problems and fewer OS problems , they still have problems . XP Professional is far superior than previous Windows editions , as well as more security features -LRB- i.e. firewall , virus and pop-up protection -RRB- . I would never switch over to Mac if you play any type of PC games , do basic computing , or want a massive selection of compatible software without having to buy an extra program to run Windows-based applications -LRB- by this , I mean that Microsoft Virtual PC for Mac is needed to run Windows apps - about an extra $ 250 or so -RRB- .3 . You need the FULL version if you have Windows 95 or earlier or a PC without Windows . Telling customers that they may not need the Full version if they have Windows already is somewhat misleading . If they have Win95 or earlier , they must have a FULL version ! An upgrade will be a waste of money .4 . Windows XP Professional is for you if you are a student , business professional , or just a home user that wants more features and better security protection out of your Windows experience . -- All in all , WinXP Pro stands above all other Windows ' versions . It will not only improve performance in a Windows enviroment over earlier editions , but it is more secure . To put it in my terms , I have only had three pop-ups in 7 months . That is the best luck I have had of any other pop-up blocker ever ...
 I have an Intel Mac and will tell you that system 10 is a heck of alot easier to use . However there are times when you need a windows machine . Get boot camp from Apple for free and then buy a copy of windows xp service pack 2 and you can run just like a champ on the windows format . This copy from amazon worked without a hitch and low an behold the 500 lb gorilla was there and running . Oh yes , get a two button mouse ! Macs use a one button mouse which limits you greatly when using windows .
 This is literally the best experience I have had ordering a product online ! I received the Windows XP Professional within a few days of ordering it , more quickly than I expected . It was brand new ! - still in the sealed packaging . It works great ! -LRB- This was after it was discontinued in the stores . It was the only program I could use with both my Apple computer and my son 's program for his school . I had been told I would only find used copies . -RRB-
 I am very glad I upgraded to Windows XP . I was able to resolve some immediate problems I was having with Windows 2000 and my computer works much better . The upgrade required some professional expertise but has been well worth it . I would recommend this upgrade to anyone looking to upgrade from an older Windows system
 I would have liked to know that it was not a boxed version . It does include the Microsoft Certificate of Authenticity however , so I presume it is real Microsoft Windows XP Pro software .
 I bought this item out of sheer hatred for Windows Vista . XP never lets me down , can run more programs and does n't have a paranoid security system .
 I need windows to run Autocad and Arcgis on my Mac ; so XP is naturally a better choice in that it does n't require as much RAM as Vista , especially when running in Parallels . Stability is pretty good , it seems to do the job well and will hopefully be a viable operating system for a few more years .
 Had problems installing the OEM -LRB- no Service Pack -RRB- on Parallels Desktop after updating Mac OS Tiger , so bought this Windows XP with SP2 and have SP3 now . Works great as always.I avoided Windows Vista - heard bad things about it , but believe it has improved . Not looking forward to Windows 7 -LRB- may be better , I just do n't need it -RRB- . No other version of Windows has come close to XP -LRB- IMO performance/compatibility reasons -RRB- . Recommended even ten years from now -LRB- but do n't expect it to work on new hardware by then , ugh -RRB- .
 Easy to install , easy to manage , reliable and even more fun to build my next system with . The last computer I built with XP Pro over five years ago for my mother is still running well , even with very little maintenance . Until Windows 7 is released and we see what that can do , XP Professional rules the windows family !
 I am not too crazy with all the bells and whistles that come with Windows Vista . If you want a simple down to earth operating systems then go with Windows XP Professional . I just installed COD5 and it runs perfect with my new rig . Windows Vista uses a lot of memory compared to Windows XP.Windows Vista requires 1GB , Windows XP Professional only requires 512mb . Is up to you , you make the choice . I am using a Q6600 processor , with 2 EVGA 9800GTX in SLI mode . 4gb of Corsair Dominator Memory , EVGA 750i SLI FTW motherboard .
 I was very disapointed , when I discoverewd that the micrisoft office I bought did not have outlook included , which was the one program that I really needed.there was notrhing in the description of this disk , that indicated that there was no outlook.i was under the impresion that microsoft office , always inclyded outlokk , as part of the offering.a lesson learned , do not assume , ask questions.signed , a disapointed buyer .1 / 7/08 .
 This is THE tool to get over the inital frustration of learning to play guitar.I have tried books , and on-line resources after picking up the guitar for the first time and none did it for me until i came across this software . There were two and only two things that got me to keep playing the guitar instead of chucking it away from frustration . This software was the most important one -LRB- and the other was enrolling in a guitar class -RRB- . The software starts from how to hold the guitar/the pick , how to pluck a string etc and then teaches you basic 2-chord songs that you can play along with the program . There are tips in the form of video clips as you go along also . It shows clearly how to press the chords and which fingers to use for which frets etc , and keeps showing you as you play along . You can also set the speed with which you play by chosing the midi option of playback . There is a metronome feature included also.By the end of the first month , some of the tunes you will be playing will be green sleeves , house of the rising sun , scarborough fair , la bamba etc.The different chapters are : Simple chords , adding accents to your strums , slash chords , rock strumming and poewer strumming , playing the blues , reading tablature , bass-note strum , fingerpicking/arpeggioWell worth the money
 I was happily on my way to becoming a great guitarist with Emedia Guitar Method until I upgraded to OS X. Booting in classic mode is a hassle , so I was n't playing as much . Fortunately , they have put out an OS X version.This program offers a very comprehensive approach to learning guitar . A typical lesson includes a close up video of a guitar skill followed by a song or two to practice . The progression is very logical and easy to follow . As the songs get more challenging , there are some great features like the ability to slow the song down or loop sections of the song .
 This program has everything you need as a beginner to begin playing the guitar right away . I 've completed all the lessons on the disk and now feel comfortable calling myself a guitar player . I 'm still a ` beginner ' , but I met my goal of being able to play and entertain myself and others . Like any good learning program it starts off very easy and builds on what you learn from one exercise to the next . It 's very easy to jump around from one lesson to the next so you can easily revisit a previous lesson . The guitar tuner feature makes tuning the guitar completely foolproof , but the consequence is that I ca n't tune the guitar without my computer or a specialized guitar tuning device . I would like to see a complete install option so I do n't have to have the CD-ROM in all the time . I have a work-around for this problem on the mac by imaging the disk and having OS X mount the disk image on start up . This program works well on my OS X Macintosh and has never crashed . I will be buying the intermmediate course very soon .
 I appreciated this product more than other guitar methods for 2 reasons . First , for it 's ability to show you video clips . Second , for it 's ability to allow you to listen to voice tips and play along with a singer and another guitar . I have been trying to teach myself guitar for longer than I would want to admit and this product is the best that I have used . Guitar method manuals just do n't cut it compared to emedia 's software .
 I use the try & buy version for a while and am very impressed with this product . OCR capability is excellent . A great improvement over 6.0 version . There are much fewer OCR errors than 6.0 .
 This software costs only $ 40 if bought directly from the seller . ANy ideas what Micro 3 Corp is , and why is sells it for $ 300 ? Go to www.abbyyusa.com . Overall , good dictionary , found it very useful . Software could have been written better , so I 'm upgrading from version 6.5 to 9.0 , hopefully they improved the soft . But still the best dictionary on the market in my opinion
 This item came on time . It installed in 1 minute and the child can use it on their own immediately . The program is excellent and can be tailored to the needs and level of the student .
 I do n't know why people are griping so much about Intervideo 's DVD Copy . This is a great , user friendly program for burning DVD 's . It 's sole purpose is to copy DVD 's to DVD , VCD , SVCD formats . But , and there 's always a but , you need to decrypt most DVD 's first before ripping them.If you own an extensive DVD library like me , you want to use copies of your very best DVD 's that you watch most often instead of the originals . These are often copy protected . Most people understand that you need to decrypt a copyrighted DVD first before burning/ripping it.The best tools for decrypting are DVD Decrypter for straight across decrypting of 4.5 GB DVD 's or less in size or DVD Shrink for DVD 's that use Dual Layer technology to get up to 8.5 GB 's out of the commercial DVD . Most commerical DVD 's now come in around the 7.2 GB to 7.9 GB size and are rarely larger than this and usually smaller in most cases.If you want something to author your own DVD 's , DVD Copy is n't for you . This is really just a compression copy or straight copy DVD program to put your movie on a DVD , or onto CD 's using VCD or SVCD format or DivX if you really feel the need to use that format.When I purchased the program I knew what I was getting and I got exactly what I needed . I did my research first . Regardless of what others have written here , take my word for it , it 's easy to use and wo n't disappoint but you need to have an understanding of the DVD ripping technologies first before embarking in the DVD backup of your DVD libary .
 This software makes it easy to make copies of DVD movies . It can convert and copy a DVD-9 disc onto a single DVD + / - R disc with just two or three clicks . The only drawback is that you have to use a ripper/descrytor to get rid of the copy protected encrytion and put the image onto the disk first . The ripper/descrytor that I used is `` DVD Descrytor '' which is a freeware . The picutre quality is great .
 A great concept , and lots of fun ! You 'll play for hours trying to top the top dogs based on Coolidge 's famous paintings . I was given this as a gift , and within one month I had all my friends hooked . People would come over to my house to play `` the dogs '' . It is clever , the music is extremely catchy , and the rooms are fun . The characters are hilarious , from a cat disguised as a dog sneaking into games -LRB- consisting of shades and a sign that reads `` DOG '' -RRB- and a robot dog , and the details are tremendous , from a `` leash tree '' to a ash tray full of bones . What makes this an awesome game however is the customability - Any poker game , any stakes , any style of betting , and any wilds you want , including baseball -LRB- 3 's & 9 's wild , 4 gives you a bonus card -RRB- and 5 & dime -LRB- pay for your wilds -RRB- ! Highly addictive , it will sharpen your poker nose effectively , while wagging the tail of your inner-corniness . If you ca n't find it here , search the internet . This is a MUST HAVE !
 I think that Dogs playing poker is the best animated computer game in the whole wide world .
 Being a fan of Coolidge 's artwork and of anthropomorphic dogs/animals in general , I just had to get this game . And I 'm glad I did . As a player , you get to join up to five dogs at a time in a friendly game of poker , in either the parlor , kitchen , casino , or suite . Move through the sets of easy , medium , and difficult level games that include several different variations of Poker , and then some expert ones once you 've played 200 hands and unlocked the bonus character . You 'll be amazed at how quickly you reach 200 , because it 's so addicting ! Additionally , you can choose to play custom games , with any group of opponents seated any way you want , in any room you want , using any set of rules you 'd like . If you 're an experienced Poker player , you can just have a blast with it , customizing every last little detail of your game . Even if you 're a newb with no clue what you 're doing and just want to learn how to play , that 's perfect too , because the game includes some very nice , simple tutorials that walk you through some basics -- and when you start playing actual games , then you merely learn as you go along , which is pleasant and simple to do with a few helpful options . So it 's great fun for everyone , no matter what happens . Options include kicking players out , viewing hand rankings and opponents ' money totals , seeing the value of your current hand , setting preferences , etc. . It never ends , either , since you can just play all the games as many times as you want , on and on forever , and create/delete player names as well!Every component of the game is very well done , from catchy music to cozy settings to terrific characters . It 's pretty easy to figure out , and the game saves statistics as well . My favorite aspect is the dogs themselves , because each is a unique character with a personality -LRB- and playing style -RRB- that you get to know , and playing really feels like being right there interacting with them at the table . After this success , I 'd love to see a new version with more dogs , in which you get to be one yourself , creating your own character -LRB- breed , color , and so forth . -RRB- But this game is highly recommended!Aside from domestic dog breeds , there 's Katarina the Domestic Shorthair cat who pretends to be a dog , Mechano the robotic canine , Igor the random iguanadon who for some reason joins some of the dogs ' gatherings , and Fang the wolf . The lady dogs in the `` poker club '' are Petunia the white Standard Poodle , Agnes the Chinese Shar Pei , Anastasia the Dalmatian , and Shasta the Golden Retriever . The guys are Bagley the Beagle , Beauregard the Bulldog , Buffy the supposed Border Collie who actually appears as a rough Collie , Groucho the Saint Bernard , Guido the Boxer/Pug mix who pretty much seems like a Boxer , Haggis the Scottish Terrier , Junkyard the `` mutt '' who obviously consists of Mastiff-type dogs -LRB- it 's no surprise that `` bully '' breeds and others featured in the original paintings take a front seat here -RRB- , Lenny the German Shepherd Dog , Roscoe the Basset Hound , Shaggy the Old English Sheepdog , Thunder the Alaskan Malamute , and Willard the Dachshund . -LRB- My personal favorites are Petunia and Willard , though I like everybody and it 's hard to choose ! -RRB- Each one has his or her skill level listed -LRB- beginner , intermediate or advanced . -RRB- They do not speak aloud , but the coolness of their onscreen dialogue just about makes up for the fact that you do n't literally hear them.I think that basically covers it -- the bottom line is that `` Dogs Playing Poker '' is a terrific PC game , so if you happen to see it in the store , do n't pass it up -- or better yet , buy it online and go have some fun with the dogs !
 This textual commentary is designed to be used in conjunction with the United Bible Societies ' -LRB- UBS -RRB- Greek New Testament 4th ed . and its greatest utility will be found within that scope of use . Nevertheless , there are uses for others , even non-greek readers ; however , the utility will obviously be less as this book was not written with you in mind . The pupose of this commentary is best given through a quote from the book 's introduction : `` Most commentaries on the Bible seek to explain the meaning of words , phrases , and ideas of the scriptural text in their nearer and wider context ; a textual commentary , however , is concerned with the prior question , What is the original text of the passage ? That such a question must be asked - and answered ! - before one explains the meaning of the text arises from two circumstances
 Product is not compatible with Windows 7 and is no longer updated by publisher . Disappointed as we have about 1000 personal recipes that I will have to find some way to import to new cookbook program .
 We got Putt Putt joins the circus for our children and as with all the Humongous cd-roms they absolutely loved it . In this cd rom Putt Putt helps the circus ring master to get the five big acts ready for the big show . The humor is great as always and so are the characters.My children did say that ` Putt Putt enters the race ' has more changes in the game when you play it again.In ` Putt Putt joins the circus '' the items they have to collect stay in the same place everytime they play the game . But apart from that the game is very entertaining and it teaches children a lot about problem solving and helping others as do all the Humongous cd roms .
 If your child has played beginning software like JumpStart and is ready to move on to more advanced gameplay , Humongous Entertainment 's Putt-Putt series -LRB- and Freddi Fish and Pajama Sam , as well -RRB- are an excellent choice . These titles take the cognitive tasks up a notch as children must accumulate specific items , navigate a number of locations , and use their problem-solving skills to help their friends and achieve larger goals . Along the way , kind and gentle Putt-Putt and his dog Pep will meet a number of nice characters , visit a variety of interesting locations and play games as they complete the larger tasks.In Putt-Putt Joins the Circus , the overarching goal is to earn a ticket to the show by performing a variety of tasks and helping the various acts prepare . You must get a nose for the clown , help the organ arrange her pipes , get a power drink to the strong-van , find a new tent for the fleas , etc. . There are quite a few locations and objects , so it would be a good idea for you to help your child for a while . Eventually they will probably want to play on their own . The characters are lovable and there is a lot of humor here . We run it on a Mac and have had no problems at all -- very stable and easy to install.This is one of the best titles in a great series .
 Both my 31/2 yr . old and my 6 yr . old girls play this game . They both truly enjoy this game . In fact , I have to get them some of the other Putt-Putt games , because they enjoy them so much ! This is a delightful game that teaches problem solving and memorization in a very fun way . It is a great game for either boys or girls . I would recommend this and any other Putt-Putt games .
 I got putt putt with a computer that i had bought as one of the disks included . My son was 2 at the time and loved playing this game with me looking for missing clues and helping to put them together . now at 3 yrs of age he plays all by himself with it and knows exactly where to go each time he starts over .
 We bought this for my 4 year old , and he loved it . I do have to say that because the game asks for the same items every time he has only played it twice . Looking back at the feedback others left I look forward to getting more Putt-Putt games -LRB- this was our first -RRB- . The puzzles the kids have to solve are fairly complex and involve several steps , there is a good amount of help along the way . Overall I was very pleased .
 I 'm a parent of 2 children , 5 and 2 . Both find this , as well as all Humongous software , quite a bit of fun . My problem , as a parent , is that after working on clues and spending as much as an hour getting through the game , all the positive reinforcement goes to the onscreen character , -LRB- Freddi Fish/Putt-Putt -RRB- and the child is left empty . Why on earth does n't Putt-Putt acknowledge the child as the reason the game was solved ? Accolades are heaped on Putt-Putt , while my five year old looks on with an expression frustration hoping someone onscreen will talk with her . Great games from Humongous , but they need to work more directly with the children playing them .
 Add this one to the list of great -LRB- young -RRB- kid 's games produced by Humongous , including the Freddi Fish & Pajama Sam series . Although my grandson has outgrown these titles , my great nieces and nephews are now playing them . They are both entertaining and educational .
 My daughter loved this game . She just beat it and was so excited to show me . I had to help her in one part , but I have a feeling next time she wo n't need my help . Putt Putt is her favorite Humongous character . We have all the games . Too bad they do n't make these games anymore . We finished the Freddi Fish games and now the Putt Putt games . I guess we will have to move on to Pajama Sam or Spy Fox.Putt Putt is fun to watch , decent voice over and puzzles are just the right difficulty for 3-6 years old . Even if they are too easy , they are still fun . I think my daughter will be asking to play this again in a few months . I hate to say it , but I enjoy helping her beat these games.Oh yeah , these games are old , so make sure you buy the Windows XP version if it is available . But if not , Vista will let you install using an older version of Windows . Control Panel > Programs > Programs and Features > Use an older program with this version of Windows . Good luck !
 In his sixth junior adventure title , Putt-Putt goes to the circus . Before he gets there , a goat eats his ticket . He must find all the missing circus performers , while playing games and remeeting costars , along with cameos . It 's great for kids in the age range , but kids above that will probably enjoy it almost as much . It 's colorfully animated and has lots of music in the backround . If you liked this game or one of the following , you may resectively like other Putt-Putt games and Pajama Sam , Freddi Fish , and/or SPY Fox games or this game .
 Our oldest grandson had some of Putt Putt 's games when he was little . Now we can give our youngest grandson the enjoyment too .
 This game was challenging but in a good way . There were several hidden items and you had to really think sometimes . Honestly , the hardest part was remembering where all the people were and which paths to take . :P It was entertaining to see all the circus acts and to be part of the circus . Overall , this game was fun and one of the better Putt-Putt games .
 I purchased this for a friends daughter having purchased the whole series for my son -LRB- 18 now -RRB- . Each of the Humongous adventure games teaches children teamwork , problem solving and manners in a graphically entertaining interface . The games engage the child 's interests and provide hours of good , clean fun ! My son has very proficient problem solving capibilities which I attribute to his Humoungous game playing . Freddi the Fish is a female `` can do it '' character which he also enjoyed -LRB- and I liked since it taught him girls are capable too -RRB- . You ca n't go wrong with this series of kids games !
 Appears to run great on Linux Wine -LRB- Google it -RRB- . Runs full screen - not all games will do so -LRB- like Jumpstart Toddlers which runs fine , but wo n't switch to fullscreen -RRB- . My three year old loves it , though 3 may be a little young for this game . 5 stars , given that you can get very cheap . Also , it will run on very old computers . -LRB- Even if they are running Linux -RRB-
 Brilliant game - kept the grandchildren occupied for hours - and they 're still playing the game -LRB- and so are their parents -RRB-
 I have this product for less than a year.This is a vast one with numerous possibilities.Interested persons may see the technical overview in the convecta websites.The program has all the functions incorporated like chessbase -LRB- data base -RRB- 9 programs and others.I had no imagination about a program of such a vast capacity.Only problems I faced was difficulty in learning its operations critically.These are obviously not fool proof.Since I am handling such a chess data base of so huge dimension from the scratch with the help of its manual only so previous inexperience with a database system was a little frustrating.But with patience some improvement is obviotsly possible.With help of this program-managing and handling of chess games from all sources are possible.Even my games saved in the internet were attached to this program 's data base -LRB- as `` my internet games '' -RRB- for review and further analysis by Rybka or shredder , delfi etc. -LRB- Rybka 2.1 , I purchased later and attached with CA 9 interface with difficulty -RRB- these are chess playing engines for playing solving and analyzing your games.The package includes a playing engine shredder 9.11 and a few others for editing your games to maximum possiblities and many more . In short , you may not exhaust its infinite capacity -LRB- 1 - 4 million or more games in its data bases to do as many things as you like with chess games -RRB- , another convenient mode for playing and analyzing games or in short editing games , its search system helps to find out games played by say , Fischer and Spassky -LRB- in 1972or in 1970 -RRB- these are most common features of a data management system or more commonly known as a data base.The chess opening encyclopedia 2006 mode includes rich theoretical material on all the openings , their expert evaluations to key opening positions.Test opening mode will allow to check your depth in opening knowledge and skill.At the outset I was reluctant to purchase any data base program because I thought they are difficult to manage and complicated in operations -LRB- expensive and useful for grandmasters only -RRB- , however I find that it needs some time to learn a databases ' detailed intricacies and many operative functions by heart . So Have patience and learn the various functions and operations to your benefit and improve and enjoy your games immensly.The cost is about $ 80 but the enjoyment is much more . Believe me.Best wishes .
 I bought a new iMac G5 in November . Come January , not only is it outdated , but the primary programs i use with it are as well . Oh well , I stopped whining long enough to buy the new iLife suite . And , as is Apple 's way , it 's a great upgrade to a great suite.iPhoto 6 - Increases library capacity from 25,000 to 250,000 photos . Runs amazingly fast even with all of those images . And , with a . Mac account , allows you to photocast to anyone who subscribes to your images.GarageBand 3 - Not only does it run faster and smoother . Not only can a novice create their own music . Now , you can even use it as a studio to create your own podcast , complete with images and music.iMovie HD 6 - Adding the fuctionality of High-Def and Widescreen was n't enough for Apple . They threw in real time effects and titling . Plus , movie themes . -LRB- I 'm still trying to figure out how to use those . -RRB- iDVD 6 - While the interface is smoother and faster , the real treat here are the new themes . Just plain beautiful , and in Widescreen format no less.iWeb - I was admittedly skeptical of this new addition to the suite . But so far , it is impressing me to no end . It is as close to a drag-and-drop web editor that you may ever see . While the templates could use more variiety to them , the integration with the other programs in the suite is amazing . You can output a movie from iMovie and it will place itself in a web page . Same with a podcast created in GarageBand . You can create your own blog and add an RSS feed at the touch of a button . While they could make it clearer , you do n't have to upload to a . Mac account . You can save the pages and upload via FTP to any web server.Overall , the new iLife '06 is a home run .
 I 'm starting up a business and it was my intent to learn Frontpage and build a site which I would have up in the Spring . The problem is that I knew exactly what I wanted the page to look like and operate . I had tinkered around with Frontpage a year ago just because I was curious how a web site was put together , and so I figured it would take several months to get what I wanted.Since that time I bought a Mac and wondered about the wisdom of using Frontpage because it would mean that I would have to have a PC around to update and change the web site . But I liked the flexibility that Frontpage offered , and was willing to work at it until I could take advantage of that . Or wait until MS comes out with their updated version with Vista and see what that is like.I emailed a friend who does web site work and asked what I should use if I was going to be using our Macs for this . He said iWeb , which made me pause because I was trying to create a business web site , not a blog or site of my pictures of my last vacation . But I like him , he 's incredibly smart and all that stuff , and so I thought I 'd buy it and see if it would work . If not I 'd just buy another Mac friendly program like Rapid Weaver.At first I was put off by the number of templates , which I thought was way too few . But I would say that the hardest part of the process was accepting that my site was not going to be exactly what I had envisioned in my head . While I was getting over that I just started goofing around to see what it could do.I was literally stunned at the ease of use . I found that if I started with blank pages I could make it do what I wanted , and how I wanted it to look . The only lack of flexibility is that the buttons to bounce between pages is always at the top . That 's not a problem for me , however.I have never used a program which was so completely intuitive . I never had a roadblock , and the only help I needed was found in the book `` The Macintosh iLife ' 06 '' by Jim Heid . He gives less than 20 pages to iWeb , but it 's more than enough . It was actually so enjoyable to work on my site that I ended up working on it one night until 4 in the morning -- and I was in college during the Carter administration , so I 'm normally hitting the sack at 10 like the boring person I am!I had planned on having my site done by the end of the year , using Frontpage , but it 's virtually done now after 10 days of working here and there on it . -LRB- What 's left to do is to take a few more pictures and edit the text again . -RRB- My plan was also to take a month or two and learn how to load it to a site and make changes as needed , etc. . That took an hour to figure out -LRB- using Transmit ftp program , and hosting at Mecca Hosting -- I also have great things to say about that program and hosting site as well -RRB- . So , after about two weeks my site is up temporarily at . Mac -LRB- because I could password protect it and just have a few friends look at it and make comments -RRB- , and I created a temporary site at Mecca . As an aside I did n't want to use . Mac for my host because I needed my business name in my URL , but I 'll use their site for the sixty days and then decide . Maybe i do a personal web site at . Mac just for fun.But know that it was very , very easy to download my site to Mecca and I started out never having done an ftp transfer . It did take about an hour figuing out Transmit , but even that was fun rather than frustrating.As for the site , no one has any idea I created it on iWeb , meaning that it doens ' t look amateurish . In fact I think it looks better than many of the sites friends in my line of work have had professionally done . Perhaps that 's because it 's more to my taste , but my point is that it was easy to make what I wanted and have it come out looking great.My only complaints are the lack of templates , which I was able to get around by starting with blank pages . So that 's no complaint at all.My second complaint is that this was supposed to take a few months of my time -LRB- working at it when I found the time and was willing to work through frustrations - which never materialized -RRB- . Now 's it 's done and I ca n't put it on the web until the Spring . That 's my real complaint.This is without a doubt the best program I have ever used .
 I purchased my Mac in Sept 2005 - having been a PC user for more than ten years . My main reason for buying a Mac was for my hobbies in photography and videography . I was using Roxio 's Easy Media Creator video software for creating DVDs for my home videos and I wanted to move on to the next step . At first - I considered trying Adobe Premier Elements - but that was too complicated . I did a lot of research online and the one thing that struck me was that a lot of reviews were recommending Mac software.Although I had iLife '05 - I still decided to buy iLife ' 06 . The compelling reason was really due to the new features with iPhoto , including :1 . Ability to support more pictures in the library - up to 250,000 pictures2 . Ability to support linking of files to the library - instead of copying the files and taking up more space.I had recently purchases a high-end digital SLR and for those of you with a digital camera know - you 'll definitely have way more pictures owning a digital camera than a film camera . Whenever I take pictures - I can easily take 500 pictures at a time , and if I do that twice or three times a month , that 's close to 2,000 pictures . Within a year - I would have maxed out the capabilities of iPhoto ' 05 . The other cool thing is that iPhoto '06 does n't have to copy the files from my source to it 's own iLife directory . So now - I maintain my own directory structure and when I ` import ' to iLife '06 - it creates a reference - thereby saving me hard-drive space that can be used to store even more pictures ! The additional benefit is that whenever I make changes to a picture file - iPhoto actually makes a copy and operates off of that copy - thereby perserving the integrity of the original . So if I want to ` revert to original ' it 's just a mouse click away .
 All of the favorites are there with great improvement in speed and use.I love the fact that I can open up more than one project in iMovie and move scenes from one project to another.GarageBand has improved tremendously as well.iPhoto is about the same although the speed has increased tremendously . And iDvd still needs more templates.The only part of the package that fell short is iWeb . Too few templates with too few options . It is easy to put together a very quick page -LRB- I put together a slide show page of our kids pics for Grandma -RRB- but that 's about all it 's good for.I 'm sure that , if given time , iWeb will mature as iMovie and the rest have . They should have done what they did with iMovie at the beginning . Make iWeb a free download , fix it , build on it , then make it an app that you just got to have.If you are getting iLife because of iMovie or GarageBand then , I say , go for it.If you want iLife because you want an easy web design program , go with RapidWeaver until at least iWeb 2.0
 Every year , iLife is updated and every year I am amazed at how much better it gets . How do they keep doing it ? iMovie and iDvd each have more themes to choose from , iPhoto is even faster and has added full-screen editing -LRB- ! -RRB- as well as the ability to make calendars and cards . Goodbye Kodak Photo Gallery ! GarageBand is now the perfect -LRB- and easy -RRB- way for Mac users to create Podcasts as well as music . I could n't believe how simple it was the first time I tried it.But as amazing as all those improvements are , I 'm most impressed with the new application iWeb . This little webpage creator is vastly superior to HomePage in almost every way . Drag and drop images , movies and text to any of the included templates to create your webpage in seconds . If you have a . Mac account , just click the `` Publish '' button to put it on the web . If you do n't have . Mac , you can save your page and post it through your server . I 've changed my entire site over to iWeb and not only does it look much better , but it was easy and a pleasure to do.For making movies , DVDs , podcasts , music , webpages , editing and storing photos there is simply no better suite available anywhere . If you own a Mac that did n't come pre-installed with iLife '06 you should buy this immediately . This is amazing stuff .
 I bought this primarily for the upgrades in iPhoto and have been very happy I did . If they had just done something that would let me move and/or preferably reduce the size of that honking great control bar that blots almost 1/4 of your carefully composed picture when you want to manually control the slide show I would have given it 5 stars . I really like the full screen editing mode . It is much easier to properly tweak exposure , straighten , etc. with the picture at full size . I also like being able to drag the photo directly from iPhoto to Photoshop if I need to get rid of spots , etc. . Sorting through the photos remains a fairly simple task given the variety of ways you can display the photos through View and -LRB- if you are good about doing this when you import the pictures -RRB- the use of keywords . Overall , it 's a very good product that meets most needs of a fairly serious photographer .
 I recently helped my parents pick out a new computer . They had a Windows PC and it was giving them nothing but trouble . They asked me to help them choose a Mac because they noticed my iBook had been up and running since the day I bought it with absolutely no troubles . So , I agreed , and we picked a Mac Mini -LRB- G4 -RRB- . Now , I 've been an Apple user for some time , but I 've always used Adobe and Macromedia apps for my website and photo needs.The first thing my parents commented on was how wonderful iLife '06 was . They were amazed by what they could do with it , and how easy it was to do it . These are not tech savvy parents in the least . Finally , they could truly take advantage of the camcorder they bought , all the features of their digital camera , and now my dad -LRB- who does n't know a single line of HTML -RRB- has a cooler website than I do.He told me yesterday they could n't have dreamed of doing half of this stuff on a PC because it was all so complicated . Because of iLife alone , my parents love their new Mac mini.I decided to toy around with it , and frankly , I 'm very impressed . Apple makes building a website fun , simple , and widely compatible with prevailing web standards in iWeb . iPhoto is fairly basic , but still very useful and integrated into about every other program on the mac . iDVD is just plain simple , iMovie is absolutely amazing ... I was so overly impressed with this suite that I put it on wish list right off the bat . Apple 's got a winner in iLife ' 06 .
 I purchased Apple iLife '06 for creating quick DVDs from miniDV videotapes . I found iMovie HD and iDVD to be fairly easy to learn . I initially had problems burning DVDs . That turned out to be a communication problem between my G4 1.4 GHz and my external Sony DVD writer . Once I installed an internal Pioneer DVD writer , that problem went away.If you 're looking for maximum creativity when assembling your DVD , there may be better packages available . If you want to create basic DVDs with some creativity , I found this package to be quite useful .
 I purchased iLife specifically for iPhoto 6 . I have n't looked at the other programs on this DVD . I find iPhoto 6 to be very helpful in downloading , managing , and editing digital photos
 I purchased a new iBook just months before iLife 06 came out and read a lot of negative reviews about there not being an upgrade price . I eventually chose to purchase the software anyway , and I have to say that I do not regret the purchase one bit ! Worth the money for iWeb alone if you 're not tech-savvy enough to publish your own website . I mostly use iMovie , iPhoto and iWeb and have n't had a single problem . Save yourself a few bucks and order it from Amazon !!
 Finally an update of a software package worth something ! Usually we blow our money with few real reasons to update a program . This time IWEB comes with the ILIFE package and that alone is well worth the upgrade . I never put much on the web before , only dabbled . Now I have a great time and it works smoothly with Apple 's own `` IDisk '' . Well worth it . . I recommend it to everyone who `` just ca n't get started '' with a webpage !
 Apple has been steadily improving their iLife series , and this is the best version yet . The templates in iMovie add a new level of professionalism to the movies . Once the movie is done , just export it to your favorite format . Exporting it to iDVD allows anyone the ability to create a professional looking DVD .
 iLife '06 met most of my expectations with new features and ugrades . You 'll love the new widescreen theme 's in iDVD ! Speed in iPhoto is slightly improved but still not great for photo libraries packed with over 10K images . Overall , a great package to have for quick and easy multimedia projects but not so great if you 're a serious photographer .
 The new version of iLife has a good addition of features , not the least of which is the new iWeb program - making it really simple to create a decent looking web page or blog . I particularly like the new themes and widescreen abilities of iDVD and the full screen editing/comparing mode on iPhoto . Good package all around , definitely worth the upgrade if you 're still using an older version .
 I used it to make my son 's 1st Birth day party picture slide show , everybody loved it ... great program
 iPhoto is great , iWeb I 've only messed with a little bit , but seems real easy to use . It would be nice if they had more templates to choose from . iTunes is free , but is still a great application . iDVD and iMovie I have n't really used , I prefer their more pro big brothers , but they seem easy to use and worth it just to throw something together quick .
 I was looking at buying the software from Apple but I thought about Amazon . It was cheaper and tax free ! Thank you Amazon !
 If you are a podcaster or a musician you will love GarageBand !
 When I wanted a website for my art business , I sought bids . The cheapest I got was an initial $ 2,000 -LRB- a wee bit more than my budget allowed -RRB- . Two years later , on a complete whim , I bought iLife ' 06 . I 'd never even heard of it until I saw it on Amazon a few minutes before I bought it . Four hours after I installed the software , without even reading any instructions , I had a five-page website on . Mac . Also , I was able to copy and paste all the files/pages created with iLife onto my real-world site . Way cool . Plus , the books you can publish and have printed through Apple -- using iPhoto -- are first-rate . BUY THIS
 Excellent upgrade to iPhoto -LRB- I really like the full-screen editing -RRB- , + iWeb is easy to use , though I wish it had a few more templates/customizability . I have n't used iMovie or iDVD much yet , but the transitions , etc. look very nice . iWeb/iPhoto integration for photo-based web pages is great .
 After all the hassles of upgrading to ilife '05 and corrupt iPhoto librarys , I was leary , but I bit the bullet , and I 'm glad . All of Apples improvements to this essential software shine . I especially appreciate the improvements in iPhoto and iDVD 's ability to handle widescreen DVDs now . iWeb is great as a version1 , ca n't wait to see it evolve .
 Mac is the way to go for images so I was told years ago . It is true . The possibilities are endless and continue to be improved . No statics herer just dynamics . This product grows better with each new edition .
 If you already produce a podcast , or are thinking about creating your own . Give this new version of iLife a whirl . The updates and new features alone for GarageBand will solve many of the first time podcasters problems ! Wish I had this when we started mine back in 2004 ! : -RRB-
 quicker , faster , and loaded with more goodies than iLife ' 05 . real-time , on the fly features , such as titles are excellent additions . Great for the price ! -LRB- Update your Mac to 10.4.4 before loading . -RRB-
 As all apple products are . I love the new wide screen format ... put it right to use .
 this is a worhty addition to the ilife legacy . id reccommend it to any non professional/am user trying to create music , sites , edit photos , etc. try it .
 I bought iLife '06 specifically for the iPhoto program . The program did as advertised , handling RAW format photos just fine . It even updated `` pixilated '' RAW photos that I had saved in an earlier version of iPhoto - an excellent package of great programs at a reasonable price .
 This is definitely an improvement on iLife 5 . The extras in iPhoto alone were were were worth the upgrade . It 's great to be able to do quick corrections on the fly . I do n't know much about Garage Band , but I was told the improvements are fantastic . iMovie as well has many additional perks . However , the main reason I upgraded was for iWeb which definitely falls short . It is very inflexible as a web authoring program and the only thing it 's really good for is to show off your photos on the web . There are many free sites that can do that .
 I really only bought the upgrade for iWeb . I do n't have a lot of room on my harddrive , I do n't have a Superdrive and I do n't use Garage Band so I only upgraded iTunes , iPhoto and installed iWeb -LRB- I may have upgraded iMovie too ... I ca n't remember -RRB- . The only program I can review out of the suite is iWeb . The others I have n't noticed any difference from the versions I already had . I 'm enjoying iWeb a lot and find it fairly easy to use . I 've created a few sites and I love that 's it easy to do . My only irritation is that it 's mostly geared towards people who want to do blogs . I think some of the templates could be a little better and less photo intensive . For example I may like a particular background -LRB- the color and style -RRB- but it 's setup for photos and it can be difficult if not impossible to remove the frames so I have to pick another template . I have to say it 's better than nothing , though I have n't ever used another program to design a website because basic attempts at HTML . It was easy to import the sites to my . Mac page . I think the program will only get better but I think iLife is worth the price just for iWeb . I think Apple should offer an upgrade price for those of us who have an earlier version .
 Hey , if you 're still on the fence about the whole Mac and PC thing , then you 're like I was six months ago . I am still suprised about why I did not switch earler . Using the iLife , makes using my camera and video camera so easy . My entire family can search pictures and find dates , times , very easy . No third party software to load and have conflicts . The iPhoto even has software to order greeting cards and photo books . I 've not tried it yet , but seems very easy . Loading in video and the editing process to make and burn a DVD is a brezze . Many of my PC friends often compain about the process on their machines . Every day I use the Mac and it makes my `` digitized '' life much less frustrating .
 I was having trouble with iPhoto performing very slowly and even crashing . iLife upgraded the program , which now runs very fast with no problems . I have not yet used the other elements of the program .
 I like this upgrade , but I do miss printed manuals ! I do n't get fancy with my photos so this fits my purpose . I think I need to spend more time working with the program , but I enjoy seeing quickly how a photo will look with different affects .
 iLife 06 is the next generation of Apple 's digital lifestyle software suite that delivers a set of tools designed specifically for the exploration and conquest of the digital media hobbyist . This is a rock solid upgrade from previous versions that packs some exciting new features to the well known group of applications as well as a couple of new features included for additional versatility . For those who have used the previous versions of iLife products , this newest version will literally be a zero learning curve upgrade to a much more powerful set of applications to tackle your music , photos , video , DVDs , music creations and web based publishing . For first time users , you will find the interface to be slick and intuitive with an amazing proficiency of allowing you to learn and perform the tasks you want without having to bog down into the mechanics of the process . Your creativity is free to explore as you glide thru the interface which is intelligently linked together providing a cohesive set of tools linked to all of your digital media.iPhoto 6 has seen a significant improvement which now sports an interface that looks very much look Apple 's professional photo application called Aperture . iPhoto now allows you to maintain and edit a photo library of over 250,000 images , up from a limit of only 25,000 allowed in iPhoto 5 . You can now edit your images in a `` full screen '' mode which allows you to see your photos up close as you make critical editing decisions . There are some new built in one-click effects tools that are a nice addition as well as the same editing tools that were present in iPhoto 5 . iMovie and iDVD have new movie themes for your home video projects and now also allows you to create and save videos in the High Definition format . Garageband has also seen some new features added including new music instrument loops and tools that allow you to create and record your very own podcasts . The newest addition to the suite is iWeb which is an interface allowing . Mac users to easily create Blogs , Photo Journals , Podcasts , and other webbased content with sublime ease . When I tested it out I was able to put together a Blog and publish an article complete with pictures and an introduction in about 5 minutes and family members miles away were able to log in and enjoy my professional looking Blog . iWeb is a first generation app and as such has some limitations . You can only publish to . Mac accounts using the one click `` publish button '' and the app does not use CSS stylesheets . However , you can save out as HTML files and publish to other web sites using a third party program . Hopefully , these limitations will be dealt with in the future , but if you are a . Mac user , then you will have a new app that can assist you in creating new and exciting web publications with minimal effort.I 've been using the iLife software suite since the 2003 version and I can truly say that each year Apple somehow manages to make the product better . The 2006 versions is no exception . It is the best collection so far and one that every Mac user would probably gain much benefit and enjoyment from on their Macs .
 If you like iTunes , you will love iLife . '06 adds some nice enhancements to an already stellar suite of programs , plus a new program , iWeb , which is alone worth the cost of upgrading . I keep expecting Microsoft -LRB- or ANYBODY -RRB- to come out with a product that competes with iLife . There may be individual programs that do the same stuff as iLife , but I have looked and not found any as good . Nobody has a suite of programs that works with all of your fun digital stuff so nicely . iLife is like Microsoft Office , only you use it for fun instead of work . Music , photos , videos , webpages , can all be enjoyed at a new level with these programs . Do you have a mp3 player , a digital camera , a scanner , a video camera ? Do you like the idea of creating a slick custom web page in minutes without reading a manual ? Are you interested in podcasting , making music , or professional looking home movies ? If you have a Mac , you are in luck . If you do n't , maybe this is what you 've been looking for . I bought a Mac last year after 15 + years of PC experience . I love my Dell , but my Mac does things that I never dreamed of , and it is clearly the way to go if you are into creating great digital media without any headaches .
 I originally purchased this product for the Garage Band program but discovered there is a lot of great stuff on here . With imovie I am transferring my old VHS stuff to dvd and I am building a web site and , ... well , you get the picture . I am no computer expert but after installing this stuff I am doing things I never thought I could do before . Certainly worth having !
 I 'm joining the other 5 star people . It 's a fantastic product . I wasted my money buying an instruction manual . It was never needed . I bought it for iWeb , and yes , you can have sites on the web in mere hours . One glitch is that you do n't get to choose your own domain name , so I bought a name and set it up to forward to the name that . Mac assigned me . Fine , but the forwarding does n't work for 10-20 % of the people I 've asked to check out my website . I have to then give them the `` awkward '' assigned name . Since I 'm using it for my small business , this is n't good . So far , I have n't found a solution . All first generation products have issues however , and I still love it -LRB- iphoto , iTunes , iDVD , as well -RRB- .
 A great suite of products for an awesome price ! Just buy it !!!
 There are many new and exciting things in this software . You really need a high speed connection and a Mac account to enjoy the full benefits . I like the change in Iphoto another improvement.The tie in to various companies makes ordering a simple manner.I have yet to use all the functions in this upgrade so I can really say no more . . Good service from Amazon tho ...
 The Keynote alone is worth the price . . and i have never used a more intuitive or useful word processor than Pages . Makes my iphoto work like a dream ! I love it !
 I was impressed with this software . That 's because it was made by Apple , a company that makes impressive products . The products that Apple makes are impressive . This is one of them .
 ILife 06 is one of the best software packages that I have bought in a long time . It 's just so much fun to use and very powerful ; plus the IWeb feature is a life-saver . I use Final Cut Pro , After Effects , DvD S.P. 4 , Boris , and anything else you can think of ... But I love my iLife 06 . Everything else I have to use , iLife 06 , I want to use !
 Better interface , faster performance
 i had to upgrade my MAC G4 from 10.3 to the 10.4 tiger . it meant i had to buy almost all of the programs again . all i really needed was iPhoto but because of the way it is marketed and bundled i had to spend the money to buy all three . i will never use iDVD , iMovie or iWeb or even the garage band . but it 's cool . maybe i 'll get creative .
 Might be a good product but I 'll never know.I purchased before doing my homework.It will not install on Blue and White G3
 If you are an average computer user who uses a digital camera , digital camcorder or likes to record music , this is an essential suite of applications . The bundled applications are easy to use , intuitive , and powerful . At a price well below $ 80 , this is a no-brainer .
 I bought iLife primarily for iPhoto . I know that people did n't really like the idea of separating iPhoto from Mac OSX , but once you get to use it for a bit , you then realize that iPhoto alone is worth the $ 70 . After I bought the product , I started creating a ` Book ' and played around creating some other ` publishing ' features such as a calendar , and greeting cards and what not.I created a book for my wife just in time for February 14th . It had a collection of photos taken during our wedding back in October , 2005 . I thought it was a nice , affordable gift -LRB- $ 26 for a 27-page and 60 + photos book -RRB- . Granted , I had already spent close to $ 100 , just in iPhoto related stuff , believe me , it 's worth . You can fix photos , create new albums , create movie-like slideshows , and share them with your family and friends . And that 's only with iPhoto.iWeb is another easy-to-use tool if you want to get into the web world of blogs , web pages , and what not ... It is a great tool for non-geeky people . I am a web developer and I do n't anticipate using this that much . And I almost forgot to mention that you can use iWeb along with iPhoto to publish your photos to a website , so you can share them with all your family and friends.iMovie is great to create cinematic effects with your movies or photos , I have n't used it that much but if it is up to the quality and usability of iPhoto , it is for sure a great app.I do n't have a DVD-burner -LRB- yet -RRB- , and I am not wild about creating music -LRB- I rather listen to it on my iPod -RRB- , so iDVD and GarageBand are not for me right now.If you own a Mac , and do n't want to spend $ 200 + in good-quality photo organizers , do quick fixes to all your photos , and to share them with other people , then iPhoto is for you.After giving my wife the photobook I created with iBook , she joked by saying that I raised the bar very high for next year 's Valentine 's Day . = -RRB-
 As advertised and very functional . I had just a little trouble figuring out how to transfer my web pages to the web site on . mac , but it was quite intuitive . Recommended .
 I just got this old Mac a few months back and was looking for garage band and the other programs for it and I found this on amazon and they work great .
 Works great with the latest update . I needed iDVD to create a DVD of a Christmas video and make copies for friends and family .
 The disk arrived promptly , and was , as advertised , in very good condition . I was able to install it successfully , and now have iPhoto !
 Apple iLife 06 . I had iLife 05 working well on an eMac , and then upgraded the operating system to Mac OS 10.5 . That seemed to kill iLife 05 . Version 06 is doing all that I expected and wanted , as I work on editing slide shows and videos . A good piece of software that is easy to use .
 This book is necessary for anyone who is using this suite of applications for the first time . I would suggest that the reader use this book as a reference . If you are confused about any special task , this should book will provide you with the help you need .
 This is a good program for DVD creation , CD burning and minimal data backup . Easy to learn , and appears to have just the typical number of occassional recording errors you run into from time to time , but nothing major . Works fine in Windows XP.A couple of important notes to save yourself headaches later on :1 . When considering a software package to burn CDs and DVDs , you * must * go to the software publisher 's website and verify that your CD or DVD burner is compatible with the software you are considering . Example
 I have always used the Easy CD Creator since version 4 when Adaptec still made it . Version 4 was cool , and version 5 and 6 worked for me alrite . My main thing was it just got to big of a program . Many of the features I never used . I mainly used the program for making data cds , copies of cds , or an occasional audio cd . I looked into Nero and it looked to be the same . It is bloated software like Roxio . Then Sonic RecordNow ! came along . Version 6.5 came on my new laptop . The more I used it the more I fell in love with the program . It is a nice , clean program that is not bloatware . It is also so easy . I bought the Sonic RecordNow ! Deluxe copy from Sonic.com for like $ 49.99 . I am glad I did . I did n't buy it here cause I was n't sure what version I would get of the software . If you order from the Sonic site you get the newest version which is 7.2 . There is also a downloadable patch that allows it to use Windows Media Player 10 to look up Artist CD Information which is a quick download off of their site . This software has all the features listed in the description above and it works great . I have n't had a coaster yet . Another thing I noticed as well is that it burns a copy of a CD/DVD about 20 % faster than Roxio . Anyways I got to get . I got buning to do !
 Since switching to Windows XP , I have tried myriad different CD burning software programs , only to create large piles of coasters . Sonic RecordNow is the first I have used that works well consistently . Overall , the program is very user friendly , and includes both volume normalization and background noise reduction features . The CD label creation portion of the software is relatively basic , but I am just glad to be able to consistently make quality CD copies and compilations for the first time in a long while !
 This program is surprisingly good and better yet very fast . Since I owned the first cd burner in one of my first computers I have used Roxio Easy Cd Creator , which I liked , but showed a lot of inconsistancy . Then I upgraded the last computer I had with a CD-RW which was bundled with Nero 5.5 I never liked it , maybe if you are a very advanced music mixer it 'll wor for you . Then I got a magazine with some demos that included Nero 6 . It did n't work as wonderful as pc experts sustain . The point is I tried my share of cd/dvd creation software . I had Sonic installed in my new computer and decided to give it a try . IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR SOMETHING EASY TO USE , THAT WO N'T CONFUSE YOU WITH A LOT OF OPTIONS and that is RELIABLE , LOOK NO FURTHER . Record Now ! is your solution . While I had the Nero demo installed I burned 605 MB and took me almost 8 minutes , 7:57 to be exact . Then I burned 643 and 625 MB with Record Now and took me seconds over 5 minutes and seconds under 5 minutes respectively . I was really impresed . I can create appendable CD-R and I can keep on adding information . To sum it up . This is simple , easy to use and best of all very reliable .
 I have the Lite version that came with my purchase of the Sony DRU-530A DVD burner/Writer . I was really impressed on the features that this software has to offer . You can create menus that are very much like the DVD movies also the menus can be added to the VCD format . What I really like about the software is that you can save your completed work on the hardrive and have as a backup in case if your CDs or DVDs are lost and or damage , you can go back to the saved file and copy your videos again . If you decide to save your work , I would recommend purchasing an external hardrive.The software is easy to use to create your projects and can be easily modified . You can add music & background pictures to your menu and have the `` buttons '' on the menu to play -LRB- animate -RRB- footage for each segment.Sonic MY DVD is a great piece of software and has many great features and some poor features , for example when you edit the video , My DVD software , will not recognize the edited video and so an error message will appear and the process will stop . The second thing is that the indicator for the file size is misleading and somewhat hard to understand . I think that sonic should modify the font on the number and include colors like green and red to inform the user wheither there is room or not . If there is free space that is required by MY DVD then a pop up message should appear.Overall , this is a great piece of software for converting your old VHS tapes to DVDs , Video CDs -LRB- VCD -RRB- and to the Hardrive
 I use this for the basic function of taking video files I 've created -LRB- using other software -RRB- and burning them onto a DVD . Sonic is simple to use and flawless at this . -LRB- Note that I have n't used the video editing tools though -- I use Pinnacle and MS Movie Maker -- so I ca n't speak to it 's quality for that -RRB- . For making a DVD from a collection of video files , Sonic makes it simple to make interesting menus with background images , sound , etc. ; preview your DVD ; then burn it.It also has a nice feature for taking a collection of digital photos and combining them with a background song -LRB- mp3 -RRB- into a little slide show as one of the clips on a DVD.I recommend it highly for these specific tasks .
 I use the older burner edtion of this program . am looking for the upgrade to tweak one thing.I use sonic screenblast to edit the movies , then burn with this.sucess rate is about 95 % . sometimes it chokes on an older file/dvd , and I need to reboot.I have made 6 professional dvds , my latest is going to comeercial format and the editor congratulated me on such a fine product.I am using SONIC to make the movies , and using this as the burner . Have a new sony computer , not a dell , it takes a hell of a lot of hardrive!If you do n't understand the deatils of how to make dvd 's get sonic , the book in the program is worth a lot.good luck
 I have worked with various photo/movie editors . This is a simple solution for editing , if you do n't wa n't to waste time in complicted editing . If I want to edit something simple , cute and easy I use this one . The price is n't bad either . It is excellent for tivo because you can remove the comercials and parts you do n't want on your dvd very easilly . Compared to it 's competition in the SAME price range this one is the best.Can ' t coompare a product with software that cost a lot more.Compare to going to Macdonald 's and being fed in 5 minutes , or preparing a gourmet food . Some people hate Macdonald 's , others love the convinience of having food prepared fast with litlle work.I gave it a five stars because for what the product is out to do it does an excellent job .
 the reviwers above don ; t know what theya re talking about . This is a very simple , good software ... No problems wahtsoever . make sure you understand the intricacies of CD , DVD writing , compatibility etc etc. . If you don ; t understand , don ; t just blame the software .
 I 've tried three or four different movie editors that are supposed to be sooo easy to use ... NOT . I guess it 's just the way my mind works but I 've never been able to make any package but this one work the way it 's supposed to . If you 've already got a batch of quicktime or avi format clips on your hard drive it 's very easy to import them into this software . Each clip will automatically have its very own menu entry , then you can drag the menu entries around till they 're in the order you want , it even supports sub menus and it 's very easy to title everything . The LE version of this software came with my Adaptec VideoOh ! USB 2.0 external media center -LRB- great product -RRB- . It 's very easy to cut pieces out of an existing video , have n't tried adding stuff in but it looks like it will be just as easy . -LRB- The only reason I say 4 star is there does n't seem to be any way to make multiple separate clips into one -- but maybe I just have n't figured it out yet . -RRB- This software works in what I call a very logical fashion , you can play a clip and it will automatically cut it into sections based on several types of differences or you can do it manually -LRB- wow very easy -RRB- then deselect the parts you do n't want before going to the next screen where you can add fades etc. . The VideoOh ! includes a TV tuner and winDVR3 so in theory I can record a program , use this software to hack the commercials out of it , then also use this program to burn the tv show to a dvd that will play in my standalone player -LRB- they work great in my relatively new Panasonic jukebox player -RRB- . I usually think real hard before laying out this kind of money for anything however this package is definetly worth it and it 's a bit cheaper on amazon than even the upgrade price from sonic 's home page.It 's also really easy to record from an external source such as a camcorder , even on my ancient mono 8 mm camcorder all I did was hookup the cables through the VideOh and start the software , worked great -LRB- one really long recording does crash the software now , going to try that again as it might be some kind of memory limitation I 'm running into -RRB- . Running this on XP professional with a 2600 + cpu and a 1 meg of ram , runs speedy just remember you need LOTS of hard drive space for video editing -- especially at higher quality settings . It takes about an hour to create a single layer DVD at 8x speed , looking forward to trying out dual layer once the media becomes reasonable.I love this package , it 's the first one that I feel works well without a huge learning curve , very intuitive -- at least for me ; - -RRB-
 I agree iLife 6 is a great product and for all its new functionality well worth the asking price . New additons include the Podcasting Studio built into Garage Band , photocasting added to iPhoto and the all new application in the bundle iWeb.The Upside :1 . New web page design program iWeb2 . New podcasting audio creation suite in Garage Band3 . A whole bunch of cool loops and effects for GB4 . New templates for iDVD and in iPhoto for layout out calendars and cards5 . A media browser integrated within all the iLife apps6 . Full-screen image viewing and editing in iPhoto7 . Better audio control and editing in iMovie timeline8 . Third-party DVD burners supported with iDVD9 . Improvement to the Ken Burns effectThe Downside :1 . You MUST be running Mac OS 10.4.3 . it would not install even on 10.4 flatright out of the box on a Mac Mini -- not backward compatable at all ; 2 . You must have 10 GB of free disk space which if you own a Powerbook , iBook or older G4 with a 20 GB or 40 GB hard drive , iLife will eat large portionsof your internal hard drive space leaving no room for media andyour finished work ; 3 . Some features in iWeb are still funky , clunky and not well thought out -LRB- forinstance , being able to size resolution of photos to maximize speed of loadingimages to the web -RRB- ; 4 . Photocasting will not work without a . Mac account and some features of theold HomePage worked better than the newer iWeb application ; 5 . Apple is long overdue for improvements for the editing capabilities in iMoviesuch as the ability to group audio and video clips in seqeunce on the timelineand lock-down a sequence or scene to rearrange , shift in order or copy toanother movie or new bland documentAll-in-all this is a really good upgrade of the iLife suite and we truly hope Apple comes out with a fix to the problems with installing the new apps and iWeb clunks . It would be nice if Apple would provide ways to load personally created media to the iPod other than through iTunes . iTunes is a mess as a file managaement because it is infected with DRM and all the media resources used for iMovie and GB -LRB- effects and such -RRB- do not need to be all mixed in with songs , podcasts , TV shows , etc. . And especially , personal media does not need to be effected by rights management issues .
 iLife 06 is the next generation of Apple 's digital lifestyle software suite that delivers a set of tools designed specifically for the exploration and conquest of the digital media hobbyist . This is a rock solid upgrade from previous versions that packs some exciting new features to the well known group of applications as well as a couple of new features included for additional versatility . For those who have used the previous versions of iLife products , this newest version will literally be a zero learning curve upgrade to a much more powerful set of applications to tackle your music , photos , video , DVDs , music creations and web based publishing . For first time users , you will find the interface to be slick and intuitive with an amazing proficiency of allowing you to learn and perform the tasks you want without having to bog down into the mechanics of the process . Your creativity is free to explore as you glide thru the interface which is intelligently linked together providing a cohesive set of tools linked to all of your digital media.iPhoto 6 has seen a significant improvement which now sports an interface that looks very much look Apple 's professional photo application called Aperture . iPhoto now allows you to maintain and edit a photo library of over 250,000 images , up from a limit of only 25,000 allowed in iPhoto 5 . You can now edit your images in a `` full screen '' mode which allows you to see your photos up close as you make critical editing decisions . There are some new built in one-click effects tools that are a nice addition as well as the same editing tools that were present in iPhoto 5 . iMovie and iDVD have new movie themes for your home video projects and now also allows you to create and save videos in the High Definition format . Garageband has also seen some new features added including new music instrument loops and tools that allow you to create and record your very own podcasts . The newest addition to the suite is iWeb which is an interface allowing . Mac users to easily create Blogs , Photo Journals , Podcasts , and other webbased content with sublime ease . When I tested it out I was able to put together a Blog and publish an article complete with pictures and an introduction in about 5 minutes and family members miles away were able to log in and enjoy my professional looking Blog . iWeb is a first generation app and as such has some limitations . You can only publish to . Mac accounts using the one click `` publish button '' and the app does not use CSS stylesheets . However , you can save out as HTML files and publish to other web sites using a third party program . Hopefully , these limitations will be dealt with in the future , but if you are a . Mac user , then you will have a new app that can assist you in creating new and exciting web publications with minimal effort.I 've been using the iLife software suite since the 2003 version and I can truly say that each year Apple somehow manages to make the product better . The 2006 versions is no exception . It is the best collection so far and one that every Mac user would probably gain much benefit and enjoyment from on their Macs .
 First , this is a major upgrade to the now familiar `` suite '' of applications from Apple . You 've always known iLife to consist of iMovie , iDVD , iPhoto , iTunes -LRB- although provided as a free download separately -RRB- and Garage Band . Add to this list of media apps iWeb . For $ 79 , $ 89 or $ 99 dollars this is the most jam-packed set of software tools you 'll find anywhere.Sure , iPhoto has full-screen editing added in this version and you 'll love it if you have a big Apple Studio monitor but especially if you have a laptop with limited image real estate . iPhoto is faster even on older machines and there are a range of new templates and better quality printing options for making photo books , calendars and greeting cards . Apple has added photocasting to the range of tools that integrate iPhoto with web publishing . Additionally you will find a new set ot one click effects woth checking out.One really big new feautre of Garage Band is Podcasting Studio , a working area within GB to make and upload your podcast to Apple iTunes . This is dead simple and anyone who tells you that professionals do n't use GB totally misses the point of `` computers for the rest of us . '' Podcast studio works like an audio template providing tracks for laying down your voice , adding the background music , placing the artwork and bookmarks and it is designed to get you to the end result without having to go to terminal prompt or resort to coding html or parsing metadata . The upgrade to iLife 6 is worth the price just for Podcast studio alone.One drawback is that Apple has made saving podcasts to MP3 format unduly difficult . This is , like Apple DRM in iTunes , a vexing nuisance to the end-user but can be worked around using another application or iTunes itself to convert AAC to MP3 after you 've finished in GB.To make up for this nuisance , perhaps , Apple has bundled a lot of new loops and sound samples to add to your library of composing elements . Another great innovation is the addition of auto ducking that lowers levels of the music score when you introduce voice or narration to keep the voice audible . All these tools are designed for the audio amateur and to make recording much easier for those user who do not have unlimited hours to tweek and adjust -LRB- although , if you are inclined you can still tweek to your hearts content -RRB- . But podcast studio , as big an addition as it makes , is not all you gain with this upgrade . iWeb is the newest stand alone application in the iLife pack . Apple makes creating an web site extremely easy with iWeb and allows you to work with all the media you have in the other iLife applications . iWeb comes with a media browser that allows you to pick images from iPhoto , music from iTunes , movies from iMovie and place them through the templates Apple has set up for you . It is as easy as drag and drop.Again , anyone who says that you need a . Mac account to use iWeb to share photos , slideshows , blogs , movies and songs missed the intro meeting . You do n't need a . Mac account . iWeb will publish your pages to a folder that you then , using FTP software upload to your ISP or web server . Having a . Mac account makes it all easier , no question , but it is not required.A person might find a few defects with this first implementation of iWeb . For instance , it sometines mishandles verticle photos picked from iPhoto and plops them on their side in the blogger index . Ehen you chose a 6 megapixel photo in iPhoto it does not give you an option to optimize the size for the web as Apple does in iPhoto with emailing photos . One can only hope Apple is working on fixes to this first implementation of iWeb.When it comes to iMovie , Apple has made some minor improvements such as added audio controls , better integration with iWeb for publishing your movies to your web page or video podcast to Apple iTunes . You can open multiple versions of your movies or have mulitple windows with different projects open simultaneously . With iLife 6 the media browser finds it way into each media sharing application giving a more uniform media handling experience with the stand-alone applications.Apple has taken steps to improve the Ken Burns effect rendering -LRB- great concept but clearly inferior in past versions to applications like Photo to Movie -RRB- and Scrubber Bar editing . In the past with iMovie , the bigger you project grew the greater frustration you had with iMovies limitations . Apple still needs to get a better handle on allowing the user to group and lock frames , sequences , scenes and acts in the timeline like grouping objects in Illustrator . Adding this would make iMovie and awesome yet simple application.iDVD has added more templates and improved auto formating , auto-fill and an enhanced map view capabilities . For many frustrated users of past iDVD versions Apple now supports burning to thrid party DVD burners.This is an upgrade well worth the price and Apple gives you more capabilties with added features , better integration , and a whole new app in the bundle .
 iLife 06 is a worthy upgrade . With iWeb , I was able to generate a completely new site from scratch very easily . The upgrades to iPhoto , iMovie , and iDVD were also welcome , with both speed and feature improvement .
 This product is amazingly easy to work and is so integrative that it will leave nothing to be desired , except by professional producers . This product is by far and away the best beinner/intermediate product on the maket . And Rubin 's book will lay it out for you step by step in his instructions .
 At our house , we have used iLife since it was first introduced years ago . We really enjoy the newest features in this latest release , especially full-screen editing !
 iLife 06 is a great improvement over the already amazing iLife 05 . Well worth the upgrade in my opinion for the iPhoto improvements and iDVD improvements alone .
 Adobe Captivate started life as Flashcam from Nexus Concepts 2000 , then became RoboDemo when acquired by eHelp of San Diego . Macromedia then bought eHelp and renamed the application Captivate . Finally , Adobe acquired Macromedia . So , you could say this application 's been around . That is a testament to the usefulness of the concept . Unfortunately , the execution leaves a little to be desired . But before you are completely turned off to this little diamond in the rough , read on to see if it 's worth the shortcomings.To be honest , I 've never before used an application specifically aimed at training or demonstration on the web . I typically publish help files in PDF -LRB- Adobe Acrobat -RRB- format as necessary . That does n't always help when trying to train someone to use a content management system , or when developing custom solutions for less-than-computer-literate users . So , I went looking for a way to present a more visual experience . Enter Captivate!First , the good stuff.Captivate is incredibly easy to use . Just install it and you are ready to start recording presentations . Spend a few moments to learn the shortcut keys , and you can do pretty much everything you need to do for a simple follow-along style demo . When recording is done , you can edit slides , add audio and video , and modify cursor movement . All of this is pretty much as easy as using Power Point.Recording screenshots is done in a couple of different ways ; manually with a key press , or automatically when you click or drag the mouse . Dragging can also automatically record full motion clips . Configuration of these options is quite simple , and offered on a popup window when you start recording a new project . After trying both the automated and manual methods , I chose to capture screenshots by key press , with automatic recording while dragging . This gave me quite a bit of control and more flexibility in choosing what elements to capture , especially because I tend to jump around a lot while working . Rather than grabbing every action then having to remove the useless , incorrect , or unnecessary excursions , I can just take the images that best show the task at hand.It is also possible to import slides from a PowerPoint presentation , which is good news for those trainers and presenters who have existing libraries of content they want to migrate to Captivate . Export options include standalone executable , zip or swf file , and there is the ability to integrate with Adobe Connect . This feature alone might be worth the price of admission.Editing the slides is pretty simple for most tasks . For example , you can add highlight regions , move the cursor position and path , and control some effects as well as the amount of time a slide is on the screen . Add some static or animated text to draw attention to important points or areas , and you 're golden . There are a number of built-in Flash animation effects for type as well as mouse clicks . You can build more of your own to enhance your presentation or share them with others . Of course , this requires Flash or something that will output the SWF format properly.Training interactions are also quick to set up thanks to a great mapping view . This lets you see the paths and possible choices when using branching interactions . Captivate can also track responses for SCORM/AICC compliance , a real boon for trainers . Add this to Adobe Connect and you can distribute your training and courses across the world . Literally.For web work , you will have to pay special attention to file size . Adding extra screenshots , or any audio and video , will significantly increase your file size , in many cases becoming almost unusable for web presentations . A simple demo can quickly get above a few MB , so it will be important to spend some time fine tuning your demo and removing anything that adds weight without having a good reason for being there.Unfortunately , there are some down sides . The application does n't feel mature due to lots of bugs . One of the most annoying manifestations is an ` unsticky ' window or menu . When this happens , menu items fail to work properly since they disappear before a selection can be made . Typically , the only recourse is to relaunch the application . Sometimes , it saves you the effort of closing it by spontaneously crashing . Save often . Very often.Another difficulty I have is the lack of flexibility in modifying slides within Captivate . While it is possible to include mouse movements and text entry animations , it is difficult to synthesize them . In fact , it 's just not possible in some cases . I would love to see the ability to just place a cursor and path arbitrarily on a given slide , to create the path as a standard Bezier vector for editing , as well as text field examples . Going further , being able to split out menu items on the slides , like drop downs or highlights , would make the files smaller and thus easier to distribute . On the plus side , you can take advantage of round-trip capabilities with Adobe Photoshop , which helps cut down file size and give lots of room for tweaking and custom edits.Suggested retail from Adobe 's site is about $ 600 . For a business or organization that needs to produce training and demo materials , this is a pretty reasonable price for the available features . While there are other solution out there for free , and some that actually cost more , Adobe has a good balance , and if history is any indicator , they will continue to craft this application into a truly indispensable tool for trainers.The stability issues notwithstanding , Captivate is a very impressive tool . For a full list of features , check out the Adobe Captivate product page.Overall , I am pretty happy with Captivate . The features are unlike any package I 've used , and it 's almost embarrassingly simple to create engaging simulations and training . I anxiously await a dot release to fix the problems . Download the demo and build yourself some presentations . And keep an eye out for fixes .
 I was very glad to see Captivate 2 come out . I am a Flash Designer and also do Instructional Design in the Seattle area . I have been using Captivate 1 and have had some frustration with importing Flash . But since I have been using Captivate 2 , I can use Flash 8 -LRB- had to use MX before -RRB- and the import and playback is flawless , thank you Adobe my life got easier!Export to Flash 8 -LRB- or MX 2004 -RRB- will allow you to import directly into Flash and then allow you to customize the project even more . When you done , just publish it like any standard File.Also importing Flash video is very simple to do if you have n't done it before , it just works great and with more customers wanting video on the web its perfect.Those three features for me made Captivate 2 a worthwhile upgrade.Another fun feature if you work with storyboards , Captivate gives you a storyboard view . You import your storyboards as slides then easily create a animatic with sound , work out your timing and publish the final project . Can be published all the usual ways including printing them all out in word.Working with the new library is also a nice feature , working with Flash you just take that for granted . Another great new feature is the new toolbar below , that is another timesaver , no more searching through the file system.The Lock and Hide makes life easier , the zoom is a feature , I was hoping this version would have it when came it and it does . And the graying out feature is something that I would have not given much thought about until I tried it , then you realize , `` this make sense '' . It is a wonderful new way to bring the learners focus to a particular area.Captivate 2 is well worth the upgrade , it works flawlessly with Flash and its new features allow you to work faster and keeps you in the creative flow . Great job Adobe !
 I 've created several tutorials and the performance , functionality and features have been much improved over version 1 . A lot of basics are now included like alignment and other font styles that were certainly missed when creating professional tutorials and rapid learning experiences before . The audio voiceovers provide an easy way to add scripted voice to the system . Downside are that I can not get this to work with Windows Vista programs , I think another upgrade or patch is required .
 The best about this product is that you are allowed to choose what to install . For me , I always feel the windows firewall is as good as if not better than the third-party firewall . And I do n't quite believe in email blockers . So I just installed personal internet antivirus on my computer . and I have had no problems so far . And I know my computer 's speed will not be affected since only one function is installed . I used to have Northn Antivirus , my computer becomes extremely slow because Norton use up so much system resource . So I do n't like it.The USB drive is cute and more important , it 's free to keep . The installation from the USB flash drive is easy . And you can use it on 3 !! computers.Overall , I strongly recommend it to everybody , especially someone who likes to micro-control their own pc and prefers a better system performance .
 I have been using CA products for about 5 years , starting with a free year anti-virus deal when Windows XP first came out . The new Security Suite works well and self-updates with no problems . And the little Flash Drive , about the size of my thumbnail , is so CUTE ! I used it this week to take some home videos to work so my co-workers had an excuse to waste time . Everyone was very impressed that something so small could hold so much ! The `` catch '' is that the CA software is on the Flash Drive , so you ca n't delete it until you have installed the software on three machines . All in all , a great deal for free . The last time I did this , it took the full ten weeks to get the rebate back . We 'll see how it goes this time .
 This software package makes desktop publishing and presentations a snap ! I am continually amazed by the software available for the Mac . I do n't understand how anyone can prefer a PC . This software package is the perfect example of simplicity and power . I threw together a family newsletter in about 20 minutes shortly after installing the software on my machine . All my relatives think I had the newsletter done professionally ! iWork is simply amazing !
 I 've been using Windows products for as long as I can remember , and only had a few complaints regarding its uses and capabilities . I recently went out on a limb , based on a friend 's whole-hearted suggestion , and purchased a Macbook . After the initial day 's growing pains , I fell in love with it . It included a 30-day trial of iWork as well as a Windows word processor . Not only was iWork more user-friendly , it ended up being cheaper to purchase . I 'm completely satisfied with this product . My needs are n't great , but they 're growing in terms of word-processing and presentation , and iWork fills that need very well .
 iWork , while basic , does exactly what it says it does
 I like Pages and it can import/export to both PDF or MSWord which is a necessity in this world . I like the page layout approach as opposed to my bloated Word program . I have n't had a chance to use Keynote yet so no opinon there .
 I 've just purchased the '06 edition of iWork so as to have use of Pages on my Mac using OS 10.3.9 . I needed the '06 edition because updating the operating system to OS 10.4 or better to use iWork-08 would have left me without Mac Classic to work with my older files.I 've worked with the Pages program and find it is exellent and , as usual , has many more features that I 'll ever use . When I thought of some publication design step I wanted to take , it was easy to find the instructions to do that step in the Help menu.You will love working with Pages .
 Having worked on both Macs and PCs with professional-quality design programs , I found iWorks to be a great fit for someone working on his own . The templates are easy to use and modify .
 The iWork suite is amazing . The software has a word processor program and a presentation program . It is amazing because it works , Yes , it works . No need for third party software to organize photos or burn DVDs -LRB- conflict galore -RRB- . The presentation SW is fantastic . I 've used the Microsoft product Powerpoint , but Keynote has some very nice features . These features are very eay to understand as well . Presentations done on the Mac , just seem to stand out/above . Products for the Mac just seems to work and work well . Kudos to the Apple , I do not know why it took me so long to convert .
 This is an awesome program for those who are looking for a better presentation . Great software !
 I got this mostly for KeyNote . I have n't really done anything but play with it yet , but it looks like it will do a bang up job . I 'm an old PageMaker user . Just now starting to work with InDesign , so pages is n't something that I will be using . But my wife uses it ! This is a good thing . She dose a news letter for work . Before iWork I did most of the layout for her . But with Pages she now does the whole thing start to finish , and on my Mac on less . -LRB- she is a PC user -RRB-
 This program works like a charm for my older Mac . My son needed this to do his homework and this has what we needed .
 WE received this item quickly and it was in prefect condition . It was very easy to install and has provided alot of great things to enhance our use of our software . I would highly recommend it .
 iWork was cheap because it was an older version . It did everything I needed.Of course , I would n't use it with Snow Leopard , but with the older OS X it was just fine .
 I purchased iWork specifically to get Keynote , a better slide presentation tool than Powerpoint.Keynote is intuitive and offers great slide effects . I have not used the other parts of iWork , but I will one day as I need them.If you do any presentations , you will love Keynote over PP !
 I purchased an older IMAC for my wife and children to use as the PC laptop they were using before died . when you need a word processor , xl program and presentation program you can buy and MS product or an apple one.Because the computer was a Mac I chose IWORK . It 's worked very well and my wife and children rave about it . It is after all a round peg in a round hole . Perfect fit .
 My imac is so intuitive . It was scarey moving to Mac after all the horror stories by PC geeks . What a breath of fresh air . No noise , no fuss , just a beautiful machine that works ! The software is also intuitive and easy to use . Makes me look good !
 These are very easy to use yet powerful applications for OS X . As a Windows transplant , I still I still prefer the `` within-one-window '' program design . Having couple Mac programs open would some times give me 5 to 6 windows , i.e. font palette , paragraph formating , etc. . Very cluttered .
 For years I used Microsoft office for word processing and slideshows . I hated it with all that is within me . I BEGGED my boss to buy iWork for the office . She refused - if Office was good enough for the peecee using accountants and office managers , it was good enough for us mac-lovin ' creatives as well.When I bought my new iMac for use at home the first software i purchased was iWork . I have not been disappointed . This is the best word processor I have ever used . Definately worth purchasing .
 iWork contains both Pages 2 -LRB- a word processing/page layout application -RRB- and Keynote 3 -LRB- a presentation application -RRB- . These apps are designed to work as intuitively as iTunes , iPhoto and the other applications from the iLife suite . In fact both Pages and Keynote are fully integrated with iLife so adding files from any of the iLife applications to a Pages or Keynote document is as easy as drag and drop.I mainly use Pages and have created newsletters , envelopes , flyers and personal letters . I 'd estimate I worked an average of 20 to 30 minutes on the flyers I have created , and most of that time was spent on the actual text of the document . Similar projects with all the formatting , colors , images and boxes , have easily taken me double that time using Word and AppleWorks.Pages let you export your document in Word , PDF and HTML formats , however I have found that the exported files sometimes do n't perfectly mirror the original . Drop shadows did n't appear and positioning was slightly off . Keynote has similar exporting problems . If you need to share actual files with others , the exporting problems in iWork will give you quite a few headaches . Thankfully , I 'm printing out all my documents or sharing them with other iWork users.The iWork interface is seamless and beautiful and offers many useful templates . These templates are so good that I 'd like to se even more of them included . But if the templates do n't offer what you 're looking for then iWork lets you customize them to your tastes/needs or else create your very own templates from scratch . A few of the included templates give me a bit of lag when using them but it 's nothing egregious . Aside from that minor quibble the only complaint I have is the trouble I have exporting my files to other formats.If you routinely create letters , flyers or presentations , then you owe it to yourself to pick up iWork . Why ? Well , iWork works hard for you by expanding your options and helping you create beautiful projects in a fraction of the time it would take with other software . And it does it all with a pleasing visual flair.However , users thinking of upgrading from iWork '05 should perhaps wait for the next version of this package since nothing that new has beeen inturoduced this time . About the only new feature added to iWork '06 is support for basic table functions . The rest of the additions are new templates and effects , that while georgeous , do n't improve or add to the functionality of either application .
 I was stunned when I started using Pages v2 ... because I 'd been convinced that Apple would never get a word processor right . AppleWorks pretty much sucked -LRB- tedious interface , limited capabilities , never fully updated for Mac OS X -RRB- . TextEdit is nothing more than a rough draft of an application.Pages , by contrast , does everything I need for letters , how-to documents , meeting notes ... that is , everything that I want a word processor for -LRB- as opposed to a text editor , like BBEdiit -RRB- . The feature set in Pages is limited compared to Word . For example , there are collaboration tools , but not as refined as Word 's . But for my needs -- personal document creation -- the feature set is perfectly adequate . In fact , I love it
 I am a graphic designer and use Keynote to develop multimedia presentations.Here is how I use it : * I create a Keynote presentation -LRB- s -RRB- with text and photos and transitions . When using a lot of text , still photos , graphics etc. , you can create amazing presentations far superior to PowerPoint with look of templates , ease of use , ability to control transitions . It 's superior if you want a superior finished product . These presentations can be used alone or you can go beyond a `` slideshow '' into the realm of iMovie/iDVD . * Export as full-quality QuickTime movie * Import QT movie into iMovie * Combine video with Keynote presentation -LRB- s -RRB- and add audio -LRB- you can add audio in both Keynote and QuickTime , but you have a lot more control in iMovie -RRB- . * Next I import the iMovie into iDVD , create a menu page and have a sensational , inexpensive multimedia presentationAs for Pages . As a 21 year Mac user , if all I had was Publisher -LRB- which is not available for the Mac anyway -RRB- or Pages to create good looking newsletters and flyers , then I would choose Pages any day . I would never use Word . Word is not a page layout program -- that 's why they have Publisher . However , as a graphic designer I use inDesign which costs about 8 times as much as Pages and Keynote combined . I hate to say it but Amazon 's price for iWork6 of $ 73 is basically the upgrade price . Apple made it cheap to start with and you will more than get your money 's worth . I 'm not sure if you need to upgrade if you do n't already love the program.Another tip
 I designed a brochure for my restaurant using Pages and it was great . I converted it to a PDF and sent it to be printed . The result was stunning . I would definitely recommend it . Easy to use and powerful .
 The fact that far more people use Powerpoint than Keynote is a travesty . Keynote is far superior is just about every aspect that I can think of . It is both easier to use and your can create much more impressive projects . It was extremely easy to learn how to make fairly sophisticated presentations . Keynote just has a WOW factor that can not be denied.The word processing program has some nice features , but seems to be kind of limited in its applications . For my uses , Microsoft Word still is far superior . However , the clear superiority of Keynote makes this product a must buy .
 I 'm loving the combination of the ease of use of the templates and the flexibility of the program . As an old Unix gearhead , I 've long preferred tools such as LaTeX which allow you to focus on content instead of formatting . Here , you can plunk your text into a template and let Apple 's designers worry about the formatting , or you can create a set of style names -LRB- like `` Heading '' , `` Subheading '' , `` Chapter Title '' , etc. -RRB- and then create the formatting for each one later.Word Processors have had styles before , of course ... but Pages makes styles the easiest way to do formatting , so that they actually get used . Visual formatting is used where that makes sense -LRB- e.g. , placing pictures , rotating them , etc. -RRB- , and the supplied templates are simply beautiful.Lastly , to correct a previous reviewer , Pages does have a standard spell check function - go to the Edit menu , select the Spelling sub-menu , and click `` Spelling ... '' , and you 'll get a spell check of the whole document , via a dialog box that gives spelling suggestions .
 Easy to use word processor with a nice , minimalist interface . But it does have some minor problems.Bad exporting feature aside , iWork 's Pages does n't identify or help correct grammar mistakes in documents . Has an okay `` spell check '' feature , though . These features are important to me because I write lots of papers . For these reasons , I took off one big star .
 iWork certainly has enough quirks to solicite criticism
 Put it short -- in under $ 80 package you get all the fuctionality that an average user would have to get InDesign and Photoshop for overwise . Real-time text and graphic manipulation tools are amazing . Flawless PDF generation on top of that . Amazing value proposition . But you 've got to have a Mac : -RRB-
 Want To Make A Magazine , A Show That Shows Info , A Book?Well You 've Come To The Right Place , Cause iWork Is The Best Way To Do It!Part 1
 Just a pleasure to use , and easy to get the effects you want .
 Its more easy to work in iwork and my papers have better looks
 I look forward to creating a web page with iweb . . I expect Mac products to be intuitive . . this is a little more brain engaging . . but i am not As afraid of trying my hand now . Garage band is not my speed . Hope my husband uses it .
 My 11 year old son says this game is the Bomb ! He says he could play it forever . He has Backyard Baseball and Hockey but says that the Soccer is the best he 's played of the Backyard Series .
 well i have played every backyard game ever almost except the last on i think i like all the games i played for hours on end but after a while the gameplay got boring and it was realy ease i won in basketball 109-22 and soccer 10-nil and football im not that good at that and base ball like 9-0 and hockey 11-1 it got realy boring crushing the other team the game is fun at first but it can get boring
 This Backyard Soccer 2004 has my favorite players here.Like Brandi Chastain , Tiffity Milbrett , and Cobi Jones.This is a fun game to play , but the hard level still a piece of cake.You can make your color of your team , but the promblem is you have to choose from some choices instead of naming your team.That 's my kinda suggestion.I won the game a hundred times already , but I love it and I keep on playing it!I think this is a 4 star rating for one reason why 4 stars , Way too easy !
 really like this game - having lots of fun - it 's sort of addictive ! would recommend to anyone looking for `` wii-alternative '' .
 i really love the backyard sports program because it allows me to play like the pros and experiance real sports action !
 i really love the backyard sports program because it allows me toplay like the pros and experiance real sports action !
 Ive been waiting for a new Backyard Soccer , and its finally here . New fields new players . better graphics but where the heck is Ben OLsen and why Convey not much of diference . theis game kicks -LSB- bottom -RSB-
 I 've created several tutorials and the performance , functionality and features have been much improved . A lot of basics are now included like alignment and other font styles that were certainly misssed when creating professional tutorials and rapid learning experiences . Definitely worth the upgrade price .
 ` Animorphs ' is a popular book series by Katherine A. Applegate , and this game is an action-style game based on that series . A group of teenagers gains the power to morph into various animals , and must fight the Yeerks , which can control humans.The game is much like various Playstation games - Legends of Legaia , Final Fantasy VIII . You move all four players at the same time - Jake , Rachel , Cassie , and Marco , through a nicely rendered world . Tobias acts as your guide.If you touch an animal , you can now turn into that animal . Each animal has its own abilities , and with the wide variety of animals you have to choose from , it makes for interesting puzzle solving . Do you fly to get out a window ? Jump over the pits instead?The graphics are very nice - again , it 's shape-oriented rendering much like console games . Combat is a bit tedious , but it 's slow pacing makes it easier for younger gamers to get their combinations in before their turn is up . Unlimited inventory means you simply pick up whatever you find , and figure out where to use the items.There are nice training areas to teach you how to do the action sequences -LRB- running down paths jumping over tree trunks is typical -RRB- and how to fight . The gameplay itself is very easy to follow - you are given clues to help move you along from location to location.If you know younger gamers who love the Animorph series , this is a perfect game . A good level of complexity , but not incredibly challenging or gory .
 As the Animorphs , you 'll jump right into the Animorphs world , exploring your surroundings , acquiring DNA , and morphing , fighting controllers and aliens as you attempt to defeat the Yeerks . It is just like jumping into the book series and the TV show . Special Features * Play as the main characters of the show . Control the entire squad at all times . Tobias acts as a helper in his hawk morph form . * 13 total Morphs using proprietary morphing technology . * Over 9 huge and detailed 3D environments to explore . * Multiple fast-paced action sequences . Fly , swim , run , jump and sneak past obstacles . * Tactical Combat sequences . Turn-based style of combat with 13 animals to create a tactical combat party . * Characters will talk to other characters .
 This game is awesome ! You get to play as all of the characters at the same time . Also each person can morph into many different animals . There are a ton of different levels . Some levels you walk around as Jake , Cassie , Marco , or Rachel . Then others you can morph into different animals to use their special abilities to get past tough areas . The fighting is unbelievable . I personally love the final fantasy style fighting . You get to pick what animals you want each of the guys to morph into then control them to beat up Hork-Bajir , Taxxons and all our other favorite baddies . The fighting is really cool because each animal is unique and has different moves that you can pull off . The best thing about the game is that it is really long and has many different parts . I am only half way through and I can not stop playing ! From what I understand , this game is completely different then the playstation version , so you are going to miss out on one great game if you just get that one because you think they are the same .
 I 've just had this game for a day , but I already know it 's going to be great ! The graphics are really good , not fuzzy or grainy , and the characters move around easily . Some parts are quite challenging , -LRB- I 've made good use of the hint button ! -RRB- but very fun . I expected the battles to be very graphic , like the books , but they 're not , it 's not a game about blood and guts , nor is it just about killing . There are puzzles as well as the fighting scenes , and a lot of races against the clock . It 's really good ! I definitely recommend it to Animorphs fans , as well as people who want a fun , challenging game to play!I just have one little question . In Chapter Two , the rooftop action scene , how do you jump up from the area following the the three fans to the building above it ? I ca n't get it ! If anyone knows , could they please post it here for me ? Thanks so much !
 This game is awesome ! You can be Jake , Marco , Cassie , and Rachel . There are a couple flaws in this game , and this is one
 This game is absolutely amazing ! It gives you plenty of hints -LRB- by hitting the `` h '' key -RRB- and is a great game . There is violence , but no blood , gore , or bodies . The screen is extremly detailed , and you can move around all the characters at once . Ax is n't in the game , but Visser Three is . I spent 5 hours sraight on the game , and I still was n't finished , so this game does take a while , but the ending is AMAZING ! I wo n't tell you what the ending was like , so you 'll just have to play it yourself .
 i just got through downloading the pc game demo of animorphs from thier homepage . the demo was so good that i 'd decided to get the real game on the next day . once i put the cd in i was blasting with adventure . on the first board they gave you the basic rules and you had your first battle with the hork-bajjir . Animorphs know the secret is an ausume game for everyone . that 's why i give it five thumbs up . p.s. it never gets boring . sincerly ricky
 THIS IS GREAT I ONLY HAVE THE THE DEMO BUT MY FANTASTIC DAD BOUGHT THE GAME . I LEARNED THAT IN A BATTLE PRESS 0 AND ENTER AND YOU CAN DO AN A ATTACK THAT COULD KILL VISSER 3REMEMBER < TOGTHER WE FIGHT >
 Animorphs , Know the Secret is SO COOL ! Even though I 've only got the demo , I know this game is a winner . You can do whatever the characters in the books can do even though there are one or two mistakes . One of the mistakes is the fact that Rachel morphs the gorrilla -LRB- which is Marco 's best morph -RRB- . But hey , who cares ? I think that the battles are especially cool and intense , particually against loads of Hork-Bajir because it is easier than you 'd expect to get killed .
 This game is one of the best games I have EVER played before . It has great action , an awsome story line , and is fit for any age groop . I suggest you order it today !
 WOw ! I only have the demo but this is probubly gon na be a really cool game . The graphics are great and I like it for mild voilence butt no blood and gore . This is a must for Animorphs fans .
 This game is really cool with the grafics and actions . It makes you think more in a TOTALLY differet way !!!
 I enjoyed it very much ! I like to play it at many times of the day ! On the days when I play it , I am always playing it very much ! The graphics are good for watching , especially the morphing tecnology ! I hope there is a sequel .
 Animorphs is a good game . It has great graphics . If you are a fan of animorphs or like action , then get this game . You can be 1 of 4 characters and switch any time . YOu start of with base morphs and can aquire others such as a squirrel , a coackroack , and a gold fish . The are different challenges and battles . Yhe only bad point about this game is it leaves you hanging at the end . I 'm sure there is another game sometime , though .
 It 's Such A Great Game.I Have Only Got To Chapter Four.Some Parts Took A While And On Some Levels You May Need Two People.The Best On To Be Is Jake Because He Is The Fastest One.I Recommend That You Get This Great Game .
 This is so much fun . It is like the books only I get to play and be them . I ca n't wait to keep going .
 me and my twin sister love the books . then a week ago we saw this game in best buy and we were amazed that there is a game for it . our mom got it for us and we couldnt stop playing . this game is amazing . it has features and awsome graphics . and you can turn into any of the characters . and when you get any animals dna you can turn in to that animal at ANYTIME . cooool and now after playing for a week we still are not through with the game and we play for hours !! bad thing is its a `` hook '' game . that means you just cant stop playing and you got ta to know whats gon na happend next . its rather amazing though and i cant wait untill me and mandy get our own computer to play when we want . trust me its great !!!!
 I do n't know if this will help you make a decision about buying this game but , this game is THE best game I 've ever played ! The graphics are so cool , and it is so real ! I recommend that you go out and buy this game !!!
 This is the best adventure game ever . The graphics are sharp . The controls are easy . You have control of all five characters . The only letdown is it does n't have Ax . Even though I 've only got the demo , I can tell this game will be a hit !
 I love the demo !!!! the graphics are the best I 've seen on my computer . I 'm buying the game as soon as I can !
 this is THE coolest game ever!the puzzles are challeenging , the ending is good , , the graphics are awesome , the battles are difficult , and the morphs are fun!all this needs is some publicity , and it 's the next Poke ` mon !
 the graphics r awesome and the game rocks . it works best with a new computer or else the colors r messed up and it is extremelly hard to control . but other than that the game is one of the best iv ever played .
 I have n't played this game before , but according to the other reviews , it 's definately a MUST HAVE ! < TOGETHER WE FIGHT >
 I 'm not a big `` gamer '' do n't have a lot of time for it , but I like word games that , supposedly , help keep my brain sharp . This is a good one . The only negative is when it 's scoring at the end of a session . It takes forever to total as it gets into the millions and is still running . I finally just stopped it .
 The main reason for me purchasing this is to renew my . Mac subscription . Amazon still has the best price . The features are nice , but it is true you can get most of them for free around the internet . Syncing is the main reason for me . It is great having the same info on my home and work Macs . And the new upcoming feature in Mac OS 10.5 which will let me retrieve files from any other Mac running my member name is a very nice feature . It should come in handy .
 This was a renewal for a third year . An excellent program which enables me to have a web site , backup off-site valuable data , and access Apple 's Learning Center at a cheaper price than purchasing from Apple .
 I renewed , though had to think about it twice . I do like the ease of backup to an external hard-drive . I use iWeb for a personal website , though wish it had several improvements , including more tutorials.All in all , worth the money , though one can save money by buying it from Amazon.For a really web savvy person . Mac may not be the best value , but for the rest of us , it does add greatly to the Apple experience .
 This provides great integration into the services provided by OS X . It gives you an email account plus synchronization services to sync address book and mail settings between multiple Macs . The web interface to . Mac mail offer a new look that mimics OS X 's Mail application .
 I love Apple Computers and their software . I do n't like the lack of support and frustration trying to register this product when we do n't buy directly from Apple . I spent an unbelievable amount of hours trying to get this matter resolved . It took almost 8 weeks of e-mails . There is n't any other way to communicate with Apple in regard to this software .
 While everything about Apple & Macs engender a lot of opinions , . Mac seems to generate a calvalcade of mis-informed and un-educated opinions about what it is and what it is n't . The short version of this review is that yes , you can go to 10 websites that offer you a reasonable facsimilie of . Mac and while you can seemingly get 90 % of the features , the MAIN REALITY is that you only get 50 % of the ease of use not to mention that you have to log-on to 10 websites everytime versus one log-on for 25 features ... That 's not to say . Mac is for everyone but if you want all the information from an actual user and not just from those window shoppers who think they can tell you what 's what from 10 miles away ... I think the misguided understanding of . Mac stems from the fact it really serves two distinct audiences . It serves the road warrior/workplace-home file syncers really well and it serves great for the `` average '' newbie who wants to put up photos , videos or a personal webpage up without having to understand even what HTML stands for.There are not a lot of other products that really serve advanced users and `` newbies , '' but not the middle ground so maybe that 's confusing to some people.I 'm not claiming that . mac ca n't stand to be updated or improved in several areas - especially on email but overall , the main problem is that reviews seem to be from people who read the brief description above and think they 're much smarter than we are and they have to `` warn us ... `` So , for those who think . Mac is a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- email and storage site - that is like complaining the Porsche 911 can not hold more than an overnight bag . You are focused on the wrong points and ignoring a couple dozen other features.Unfortunately , there 's no room on Amazon for the full review but here is a full review at this link :[ ... -RSB- THEN you can decide if it 's for you or not but do not just go by a description and people who think they know what it is .
 I 've had a . Mac account since it was Free . If you want an Email address that never changes and has a high profile name , . Mac is the way to go . I 've had a . Mac account for several years , meanwhile my Cable company has changed 3 times in 2 years just from companies buying each other out . I 've moved 3 more times with different cable companies . My work email accounts have changed several times as well . I find that the . Mac account saves me from buying new business cards every couple of months because of email changes and it gives me a sense of permanence in a very temporal world .
 Great way to get backup of your hard drive and any important data that you can not afford to loose . Also being able to access from anywhere , should you need something that was stored on your computer .
 I think this is a great idea . The only bad thing is I ca n't figure out the photocasting . It does n't work for me .
 was able to get this version of . Mac for about $ 20 cheaper than the current . mac subscription . . Mac allows you to input the code and get credit for another year before your current . mac membership runs out . Added that to the increased disk space of the service and ugrades like Galleries . I 'm quite pleased.Shipment was delayed by a few weeks though probably because others had seen the same info on macrumors.com
 We recently bought . Mac for our 90 year old mother , who loves email & surfing on her iMac , but needs a very stable , simple platform . She recently moved to an independent living apartment with high speed internet , but the provider does not provide email addresses and expects users to access web-based email , which we know is just too confusing & too many steps for our mother , who is very used to Apple Mail . Now she has a . mac address , completely integrated by the Apple OS , & it took less than 5 minutes . Yes , it 's an expensive mailbox , but I 'm so glad it is available .
 . Mac is amazing ! I have my desktop and laptop computers synchronized thru . Mac . This means if I add a contact on my laptop , it will automatically appear in my Desktop 's address book -- all automatically ! I also take full advantage of the video tutorials that teach me how to do great things without having to read a manual . I just watch the video to see how to edit movies or burn DVDs or use my iPod 's advanced features , etc. . What a great service for posting my favorite photos on MY website thru . Mac . I do n't know how to program websites -- . Mac does it for me !
 I purchased this starter kit NOT to get started with dot Mac , but to renew my subscription . It 's cheaper than renewing directly through Apple . During the renewal process online , Apple allows you to type in the serial number of this boxed software . It 's not a major saving , but it 's cheap enough .
 I 've been a mac lover for years , and while the website creation , uploading , backup software , email , iDisk , and support services are all top-notch and Very easy to use ... my one squall would be the URL of the website they give you for hosting . It is a very long URL , and can be confusing for some people . Such length is horrible if you want to remember it and give it to a friend to write down so they can check out your site . If you are not using . Mac 4.0 for your own website hosting , you can not beat the deal . However , if you are planning on having your own website as the primary reason for buying . Mac , you would be far better off with GeoCities or some other hosting . For other tips on Mac products -LRB- I have been a professional Mac user for 4 years -RRB- please email me at topaz3in6@mac.com
 I love my . Mac account -LRB- I 've had it for 3 + years -RRB- and will keep on renewing . It 's a great way to share photos and information with friends and family , keeping everyone up to date . Mail is easy to use , with the option of email alias ' , which can help when anonymity is key.This is the second time I 've ordered this product through Amazon , and I 've been terribly pleased with each packages ' arrival.The package contains the activation key , as well as a small quick start reference guide . . Mac explains the rest , as well as sending out tips every once and a while for ways to better utilize your membership.Plus , the price through Amazon is the best I 've seen anywhere , hands down !
 Each feature of a 1-year subscription to Apple 's . Mac 4.0 Online Service provides a near perfect solution for any owner of a modern Macintosh ! Easy to use is as always expected with Apple branded products . The most positive feature enables . Mac users to create a personal iWEB site without first learning complecated details and code of how to create WEB sites . One significant negative issue worthy of mention
 . mac provides you with email and tools for your macintosh . The mail integrates with OSX perfectly.You can usually save money by shopping around for the best price on this item . Do n't buy it directly from Apple unless you enjoy paying list price .
 I have been using the . Mac service for a little over a year . It is a great way to backup my most important files , as well as email , addresses , and a calendar so I can access it from anywhere . There are also tutorial resources for my computer that are a big help as well .
 Having a dot.mac account means setting up Mail on your computer is effortless . I can synch up my address book , browser favorites , and calendars between my home computer and my work computer . Or I can access that info from any computer , which is great when travelling . Have n't tried the automatic backup feature yet , but that 's next .
 e-mail
 I purchased this as a birthday present for my son . He is very pleased with it .
 The `` older '' version makes no difference , the key renews the subscription service for another year , at 79.99 from Amazon instead of the 99.99 that Apple charges . Worked fine , although I deleted my credit card numbers from the dot-Mac renewal process so that only the renewal key could be used , and it was when the renewal date was reached .
 This product worked well to renew my existing subscription for $ 20 less than Apple is charging . All you really need is the code inside the box to input on your . mac renewal page . When your renewal date comes up , it automatically will use the code and not charge your credit card associated with your apple store account .
 Long time . Mac user . Wait to find best price including shipping and taxes for renewals , then buy when the best prices are found . Have used Amazon twice on their specials they offer from time to time on . Mac as they were most competitive total price .
 . mac is cheaper on Amazon but still to expensive for what I use it for . And it is not too intuitive either .
 Renewing my . mac membership was fast , easy and $ 20 less than mac would charge
 I am renewing my . Mac account . And the price is $ 20 cheaper than if I renewed with Apple.Great Product !
 I 've had Apple 's . mac service for 5 years . I gladly renew every year . The email services and webpage hosting are the main reasons , but I also like the convenience of the automatic backup of my financial files to Apple 's secure servers in Cupertino . The iDisk can be slow , depending on my Internet connection , but the files I save there are small so it does n't take long to upload them . I think . mac is a good value and recommend it .
 . Mac gives you an email address , web site hosting , integration with iWeb , bookmark syncronization between machines , backup storage , backup software , and some free downloads -LRB- like Garage Band add ons -RRB- . If you poke around the web , you can get much of this stuff for free elsewhere . GMail from google is free , for instance . Google has bookmark sync for Firefox -LRB- not Safari -RRB- . You can find web hosting lots of places too . I 've not seen any place that has it all packaged up as nicely as Apple.Still , Apple charges $ 100 list price for the service yearly . Find it on Amazon for quite a bit less . It 's worth the Amazon price , but not Apple 's list price , in my opinion .
 I use this service extensively to synchronize my laptop with my desktops at home and the office . This is so essential for Mac users , however , that Apple ought to include it with the computer as part of the purchase price .
 The . Mac services are a great intruduction to anyone in the Mac world . DotMac offers free online training and lessons to subscribers , this is especially useful to new users of the platform.As far as the utilities , I 'll say that they 're great and could still be better . I use Apple 's Mail as my main email and it works flawlessly both web based and through Mail . It synchronizes all my mail and I can see the same messages anywhere , unlike POP3.iWeb hosting lets you publish your own websites to Apple 's servers , and with 1GB of storage , you have plenty of space for all your family pictures , blogs , music and more.iDisk is also a very useful tool ; and I use it constantly as well . I can copy documents to my iDisk and view them from any computer , whether Mac or not.My only complaint is address book synchronization . Sometimes I add , edit or delete a contact on my Mac , and it will take a while before I can see the changes online ; even after manually synchronizing . Mac.Backup is also a great tool offered with . Mac , and you can easily back up your stuff to Apple 's servers . The Backup wizard is very easy to follow and self explanatory . If you 're a regular user , Backup is a great tool because it does it all on its own ; all you do is run the wizard to configure it.Overall , the . Mac service is a great idea and it 's easy to use . There are other alternatives to the services offered by . Mac , but the most important facts to consider are integration to the OS and its ease of use .
 If you do n't mind spending $ 7 a month for very simple solution to certain problems , . Mac is the way to go . Yes there are free options that do the same , there are cheaper options that do the same , but you know what , if you are like me and do n't have the time to search and decide and weigh features to save yourself a crummy $ 2 - $ 7 an month , many easy to use -LRB- and therefore quick to use and learn -RRB- features are there . I can post pictures on the internet in 3 clicks from attaching the camera ! This service simplifies several areas of my life , keeps me from having to carry a PDA , learning how to make websites , and lets me make good enough ones in a minute or two for various functions . I would complain that if you need to store and move large files back and forth from . Mac that it 's not very fast , but it works just fine . I have never had a problem with my mail going down or other service interuptions.THE BIG SPEED ADVANTAGE IS THAT SO MUCH CAN BE ACCOMPLISHED WITH SO FEW CLICKS OF A MOUSE .
 This software package gives you an account with . Mac for one year at a lower price than you can get through Apple . You 'll get an @mac . com email address , 1GB of storage space on Apple 's servers -LRB- upgradeable to 4GB with an extra fee -RRB- and a few other services . Those services are : Webmail - Access to your mail from any computer with internet access.Homepage - An insanely easy to use program for posting your own webpages . You can even password protect them if you so choose.iWeb Integration - Easy one click publishing of the web pages you create with Apples new iWeb application . -LRB- web address will be web.mac.com/user name , where user name is name you choose for your . Mac account -RRB- iDisk - Your personal storage disk on the internet . Perfect for sharing files and archiving.Groups - Communicate , coordinate and stay in touch with your group of friends , team or organization with a customized website , calendar and message board.Backup 3 - A very easy to use program for backig up your important files to iDisk , CD , DVD and/or external drives.Support - Online support in the form of Quick Time movies that demonstrate how to use your . Mac account and other Apple products.Photocasting - Like podcasting but with pictures . Allows subscribers to stay up-to-date with any changes you make to your album.Info Sharing - Access your Address Book and Bookmarks from any computer connected to the internet . You can even post your iCal calendars to the web to share with others.This is the perfect solution for people -LRB- like me -RRB- who do n't want to be bothered with finding -LRB- and learning how to use -RRB- multiple other companies software to preform these same tasks . It 's also good to know that someone 's watching your back . Apple does this by continually updating the support pages as well as offering many free programs , demos and discounts through iDisk . For me though , the best feature -LRB- besides email -RRB- is the iWeb integration . It allows me to easily keep family and friends up to date with my life . I post a blog and movies as well as photos from special occations . And speaking of email it 's terrific . It 's best feaute is the ability to create aliases -LRB- up to five of them -RRB- so you can have a different email address for shopping , groups and message boards . If ever an alias is getting too much spam , just temporarliy turn it off.For keeping family up to date , sharing files , backing up important files and enjoying a feature rich email account you could hardly do better than a . Mac account .
 Although there is much discussion in the Mac community whether or not . Mac is overpriced , I find the services useful , and the Amazon discounted price much easier to swallow . Of course there are free services that provide excellent email and photo sharing , I find the sync features indispensable . Having my calendars , address book and bookmarks both at home and work both add to my productivity -LRB- and my fun -RRB- . Other services such as photo publishing , iWeb publishing , iDisk and file sharing are very easy to use and essentially provide one click interfaces . I just hope Apple decides to add more storage and therefore more value as they did when they upgraded the service to `` 4.0 . ''
 I originally purchased this just for the backup software . However , I do use the mail service , and I use the hosting service just to push family photographs to the web . And , I 'm completely dependent on the iSync service to match my settings , calendar , and address book between my personal desktop computer and my work computer . All services work very solidly with little need to configure or babysit them .
 Being cautious but lazy , when I learned of the automatic backup feature with . Mac I signed-up . Never seemed to find the time to use the many other aspects of . Mac but automatic backup is so smooth that I renewed for a second year when offered the price-break through Amazon .
 Never understood why as a Mac user , we were and are forced to pay a premium price -LRB- well - retail , undiscounted -RRB- when purchased at an Apple Store . Should n't the factory store offer some slight discount cutting out the middle man of the distribution network?we already pay a premium for all things Mac , simply because , well - they 're Mac , right?Anyway , I find it odd that I can get this from J&R ; for 20 % less than anywhere else . ANBD , no shipping price . NAmazon has to get off the charging Tax kick they 're on tho , when you can order from anywhere else on line and not pay tax .
 Great price for Dot Mac . Just enter your serial number and you are set
 This software is invaluable for my needs . I use four computers at work , at home , and on the road . I depend on my address book , calendar events , and 1000 's of browser bookmarks . It 's a GREAT convenience that this data automatically sync 's whenever I make a change on one computer . The alternative is a PDA which may be more convenient for others ; but . Mac servers my purposes perfectly . The iDisk is handy for storing small files that I change often and need quick access from any of my computers . Using the iDisk does require the time to complete the sync which can take some time for larger files . The Public folder feature is also very useful to transfer rather large files to anyone anywhere . For me , the convenience offsets the price.However , I do find it rather strange that Apple does not offer a discounted automatic renewal every year . Every year I return to Amazon and buy . Mac for $ 20 less than Apple 's renewal price . Go figure , but thanks Amazon .
 I love all of services that come with this service . Although it is fairly easy to use and there are alot of online tutorials , I wish that it came with a detailed instruction manual . I ended up buying a book on iLife.Without the book , I was still able to do alot of the basic functions and able to get help through the on-line tutorials ; however , the book will allow me to take my skills the next level!Overall , I still am satisfied with my purchase even though it did not come with a manual .
 I do n't know what I would do without this service . It 's amazing and covenient . The best service I ever encountered , a must have product .
 Moneysaving renewal option . For the last two years have purchased this item from Amazon . Works seamlessly .
 As a writer , I use . Mac to keep working documents up to date across my several Macs . This way , no matter where I am , I can access my current articles . Yes , you do have to wait if you switch machines in a short period of time . The easy way to do it is to manually sync the files before leaving one Mac . When I get to the other Mac , I manually sync again . Presto , I can continue where I left off . I also use . Mac to keep my bookmarks current across my Macs . Of course , with four Macs in our household , my needs may be different from most.Since I have a automated backup system across my home network , I do n't use . Mac for backups , but I have friends that keep their key files backed up this way .
 I recommend this game for the kids . It teaches them discipline . They have to practice patience and find items while helping others along the way before entering the race .
 This game is extremely cute and lots of fun , BUT it does not work on 64 bit Windows 7 . I have tried changing the compatibility mode and every other thing suggested on the internet , it simply does not work.If you are running a version of Windows previous to Windows 7 , I highly suggest this game for boys and girls . I also recommend any of the Freddi Fish or Pajama Sam games . Pajama Sam is the favorite with all three of my children . They are pretty cute .
 these are the most fun & educational games out there . my son has played these OVER & OVER and its always a new challenge for him . He really has enjoyed all the Putt-Putt titles & they get the child to problem solve & think ! He did n't even realize they were educational - he just thinks they are fun !
 If you child is a fan of Putt Putt then they will enjoy playing this CD . The games are educational and keeps their attention to learn . This CD arrived in a timely manner and in good condition .
 While I had a free trial version of this software on my computer , I noticed that it really helps a lot ! It 's a alot better than squinting at the screen while I 'm using the computer . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who has a vision impairment .
 I have written an in-depth review of `` Freeway 4 Express '' for the local Macintosh Asheville Computer Society -LRB- M.A.C.S. -RRB- -- complete with screenshots -LRB- one is interactive -RRB- and example graphics . Here is the text version of that review ... Freeway 4 ExpressRatings
 I had been using Adobe Pagemill but did n't want to spend $ 400 -LRB- GoLive -RRB- for a new Web design program for OSX . I only need to update and re-design my Web site every now and then , and I am not fluent in html . Freeway 4 Express is great . I tried the free trial of GoLive and was just overwhelmed ... Then I tried the free trial of Freeway 4 Express . It did n't take any time at all to get a page designed , and I added a few fun effects that I did n't have with Pagemill . A great buy for the money if you just want to drag and drop and maybe use a little html .
 I intend this review for those with no programing or web site building experience . When I needed a web site , I found price quotes for building one to be out of my range . Further , many of the `` build your own '' internet web sites are incomprehensible , and it 's often hard to find out what the final cost will be . For less than $ 100 , Softpress Freeway 4 Express allows you to build your own site on your own computer at your own leisure , without having to learn computerese . I 've had this software for about a year and a half , using it to make and maintain two web sites . It was surprisingly easy to learn -- I was able to rough out a web site within an hour . If you 've learned how to use any reasonably complex software -LRB- Photoshop , Finale , etc. -RRB- , then chances are that Freeway Express wo n't stump you.Like most software today , the main manual must be accessed by computer . But Freeway Express comes with a `` Getting Started '' handbook . This is one of the clearest , best written software manuals I 've ever encountered . Having done some instructional writing myself , I appreciate how hard it is to do . Kudos to the technical writing team . Softpress has an online help service that 's quick and responsive . I actually got a question answered within an hour on New Year 's Day . Unlike many online help services , the Softpress staff seems able to quickly grasp what I 'm asking and provide the appropriate answer . There 's also an online knowledge base where you can find many articles about some of Freeway 's more arcane features.Although Freeway Express generally works well , it has its quirks . If you 're building a very large site , it sometimes crashes unexpectedly . So save frequently . Also , Freeway 's `` what you see is what you get '' capability is sometimes a bit flakey . I 've run into situations where the browser version of a certain item in a web page did n't match what I 'd built . Usually I could find a way to resolve this , but it 's annoying nonetheless . I 've run into these problems only when working on a large site -LRB- my web site has over 80 pages -RRB- , so if your site is smaller , you may never encounter these glitches.Freeway Express is a stripped down version of Freeway Pro . So you wo n't get all the bells and whistles of a more expensive web site builder . One omission is that there 's no provision for drawing lines , and drawing lines , at least for me , is an important part of designing a web page . But if you bring a little cleverness to the task , you can often find a workaround . -LRB- I draw lines by creating a graphic box , filling it with whatever color I want , then collapsing it in one dimension . -RRB- That being said , Freeway Express does everything I need . I can post photos , audio mp3 samples -LRB- I 'm a musician -RRB- , and even a video -LRB- someday I 'll get around to that -RRB- . For business owners , you can include a PayPal purchase button , or you can link to any other internet site . -LRB- I have a Christmas CD advertised on my site , with a direct link to its Amazon listing . -RRB- A warning
 I do n't usually take time to write reviews about products , but if this helps someone out there decide how to build their website then I guess it 's worth it . Freeway Express is a great bit of software which got me up online in a couple of weeks . I had no experience at all with websites , but Freeway was simple and logical . I downloaded the free trial and played with it for a while , then I was ready to go when my hard copy arrived by post . It puts the power and control of your site in your hands , and if you 're good with graphic design then it 's even better ! And , if you have a Mac like I do , I just do n't know what other choices there are out there ...
 I started creating web sites about a dozen years ago . Back then there were lots of inexpensive easy to use Mac programs for creating simple web pages like Adobe PageMill , and Claris HomePage . Gradually the complex expensive programs like DreamWeaver took over the market and companies discontinued the easier to use products . That was fine for the professionals , but it left the non-professional , the person who wants to occasionally create or maintain a simple web site in the lurch . With the professional programs the learning curve was too steep and the cost to much for the casual user.I had been limping along on my old version of Claris HomePage for many years . A great program , but it only ran under the Mac classic OS . I was hoping against hope that someone would have pity on us poor amateurs and create a easy , cheap program that would run under OS 10 . When I heard of Freeway Express it sounded like what I was looking for . I down loaded a fully functional 30 day demo , did a simple online tutorial , and redid my web site . By then I was a believer . I bought the package . The program is everything the advertising claims . It is easy to learn , offers an intuitive desktop publishing like user interface , and is priced way less than professional packages . If one does evolve into wanting more sophistication it is easy to upgrade to the professional version.The one drawback is that you ca n't edit pre-existing web sites created by other programs or even other people . That is because Freeway uses a proprietary working file that is only turned into HTML when you publish or test your site . This also has advantages , however . You can easily create graphic text items that will look the same under all circumstances . Then you can go back and edit them as if they were , regular text . Freeway uses tables to create your pages but you do n't have to ever think about that . Just drag and drop items anywhere on the page and Freeway create the necessary tables , and often very complex ones , for you when you publish your site.My site looked perfect in IE , Firefox , and Safari . I highly recommend this product for the casual web author who does n't want to become web coding expert .
 My little sis has this game and she is glued to it . It is pretty cute . There are easy games and some challenging games that I have trouble doing -LRB- I 'll be 10 -RRB- . She askes our mom to do it with her . She 'll play that or Barbie Fashon Show -LRB- that was my game but she took over -RRB- . I recomend this for children about 1-4 . I hope I helped!This is the final question :
 i love this game it has great games that are challenging yet easy . im 9 so this is great game for me i got this game in 2003 for 20 dollars so take your chance with 2 dollars . its amazingly fun because their is tiny clips . well bye
 this game is fun and great . there is lots of games and there challenging and easy . get it now . im 9 and its so awsome . worth for about a month and for that price its great.but i got it a long time ago so i got it for 20 dollars . your lucky for that price
 This game is fun , entertaining , and a great birthday gift for a special little girl ! Most of the games are challenging , and very cute . . thus the title `` Cutie World '' . My fiance 's sister especially enjoys the sticker-print-out option , it allows her to be silly and creative !
 I loved this game . I already won it 1 million times and I still play it . You will love this game . It really helps you learn . I have this game , 5th grade adventures , my friend playes 6th grade adventures with me , and my teacher has the math one which I play at school . This game rocks !! So do the rest !!
 My 4th grader loves this cd-rom . It is not only educational but great fun ! Setting the child out on an adventure to solve a mystery . My son has improved in his understanding of nouns , verbs , adjectives and adverbs and his reading comprehension lessons . The best part is that he loves it .
 Cluefinders puts out a great product . We bought the Cluefinders 4th grade adventures , Puzzle of the Pyramids . My 9 yr old daughter was hooked from the start and did not want to stop playing and learning.As long as the rest of the Cluefinders learning games are like this one . They will be selling me more of them .
 This is excellent learning software . My child got it when she was in 2nd grade and it was a serious challenge . Now that she is in 4th grade , it is too easy , but she still loves to go thru it . It really is good and useful for her development , both in reading and math . One thing that is great about it is that it is not just a glorified multiple choice exam as far too software programs are
 This is a great program . I got it for my 3rd grade daughter and we both thought it was a lot of fun . It covers areas such as fractions , logic , sentence structure and geography . You have to collect different items that let you progress through the games . This is all done by completing the various puzzles and activities . The game progresses like an adventure story . You have to complete one activity before having the option to go on to others . She used the various JumpStart and Reader Rabbit programs when she was younger , and I wanted something fun to teach those basic skills now that she 's older . This is JUST what I was looking for . We both highly recommend this series !
 My nine year old son loved this CD ! He would play this CD for an hour or more and beg for more time with it . It 's a very interesting program and has very comprehensive material . I was impressed with the reading material and language skill activities . I thought this CD was appropriately labeled for 4th grade . The material centers around archaology and science , and an adventure in ancient Egyptian hyrogliphs . My only complaint was that it 's not a long program . My nine year old was disappointed when he finished the CD because he wanted there to more levels . I think he completed the whole CD within a week , however , when he did play it , it was for lengthy intervals .
 O.K. , this game is good but I have NO idea how to get past the stone crocodiles . I tried this in 6th grade and I have no idea how to do it . The rest of the game ROCKS ! I just hope you all can figure the crocodiles out !!! The black cat is kinda weird and mysterious . The evil guy is odd and creepy , so is the mummy he ` befriends ? ' .
 This is a great software ! I bought this in June 2000 . I did n't get some of it . Now I got older and smarter . And understand this better ! The location is better . Egypt is very ancient . I also did these other ClueFinders software , 3rd Grade , 5th Grade , 6th Grade , Math , Reading , Search & Solve , Incredible Toy Store Adventure ! , and the second CD-Rom Mystery Mansion Arcade!And I 'm not even in 4th , 5th or 6th .
 My grandchildren found this in our public library and begged me to buy one for at home . It is one of the best learning games I run into .
 The kids love this game , from 2nd to 8th graders and they learn a whole lot of history through it . The graphics and general quality of the game is also good . I would recommend it for any child who can read fluently and has basic computer skills .
 The ClueFinder 's always produce exellent computer games that help you learn . I recommend any ClueFinders ' game that there is . Some of the other games are ClueFinder 's 6th grade adventure , ClueFinders ' Math and Reading , and the ClueFinders ' 5th grade adventure . All the games are fun , intresting , and they are easy . They teach different games and help you learn .
 Great game ; crosses the spectrum in disciplines . Children do not want to stop playing ... Great challenge .
 Works on Win98se and WinXP . Have n't tried on Vista yet.My son likes these and has been playing this one for the past 3 days -- as long as I 'll let him get on the computer .
 I love the Cluefinders series . I discovered it in a pack of learning software and have always loved it since . They are very good at combining entertaining plotlines with educational games.This particular game is one of my favorites , partially because the plotline is the most interesting and the games still challenge me even though I 'm no longer in fifth grade -LRB- Which makes me sound stupid I guess -RRB- To start off , I 'll talk about the games . The games generally combine fun with education . One game has you rearanging stories , which I find really fun , and another has you figuring out geography puzzles - like , how can you get from Iowa to Tenessee without crossing the Mississippi river ? They are also challenging for most kids - though some might need adult help . For example , in that geography problem , I could n't figure it out because I did n't realize you were allowed to cross water - the gulf of Mexico . Another game , that has you putting together electrical circuits , is also very fun - the first few times , but you do n't learn anything new by having to repeat it twelve times . But overall they are fun , and fairly educational and challenging - I 'm not very good at judging educational value ; keep that in mind hearing that.I probably already said I love the plotline . This is where Cluefinder 's games really stand out ; they interwind the plotline with the games so well I do n't find it irritating . The characters are also funny and interesting . Although this plotline seriously tests your suspension of disbelief , I usually put up with it because it 's entertaining and makes the game fun . And it 's not good to be analytical I guess . It also is a good motivater to continue the game - they keep the plotline moving as you play , so there are n't many ` dry ' patches where you play games forever without plot incentive.Cluefinders Software is a great way for your child to review educational skills while having a whole lot of fun . And if you 're just looking for a fun game - hey , it 's good for that too . I highly recommend it . ~ RBW
 The purchase of the item went very well . Quick and easy . My 10 year old has n't spent a lot of time with the software yet , he needs to get on that , but the initial look seems promising .
 I just ordered my third set of `` Clip Art & More '' CD 's - it 's an annual rite of passage in our home . However , I never even attempt to use the CD 's themselves - yes , they 're pretty useless . I just want the one-year subscription code to www.clipart.com , which costs $ 159.95 to purchase but is `` free '' with software purchase -LRB- code included in software purchase -RRB- . So - I buy the software -LRB- this year I found `` Clipart 3.0 Million '' at a site for 9.98 + 5.00 shipping - took a little hunting but deals are out there -RRB- and so for $ 14.98 I will now have my 2008 yearly subscription to www.clipart.com ! Beats paying $ 160 !! Clipart.com is a highly-rated graphics program -LRB- # 2 -RRB- in `` top ten reviews '' and my son and I have used it quite frequently for school projects , etc. .
 I am pretty sure I lost the CDs months ago . They were pretty bad.But the package is worth the price - even if you pay the full listed retail - for a year 's subscription to clipart.com . This is a great website with a full complement of images for just about anything you need . Illustrations , clipart , and photos . The website is very easy to use and can be accessed anywhere you have access to a web browser.In short , if you are looking for clip art , this is the best deal you can find - the only catch is , it will expire in a year .
 Outstanding Value , Buy For Online Subscription ! `` Clipart & More ; 3 Million '' really is a gem of a buy , if you know what you getting ! As other reviewers have noted , the included CDs are basically useless and I do not use the included program at all -LRB- hence the 4 out of 5 star rating -RRB- . Included in this package is an activation code for a 1-year subscription to the clipart.com website -LRB- normally a 150 dollar fee -RRB- . This is a very good site with 10 Million images -LRB- reported -RRB- , a good search tool , and easy to download features . In addition , the usage and licensing agreement is very generous and allows me to use the images in my personal project -LRB- kid 's homework , fliers , etc -RRB- , advertising for our business and , even in our professional educational -LRB- candle making -RRB- videos we make!Highly recommended for the access to the online images ! For these needing a more dedicated clipart and printing program , I recommendPrintmaster - Platinum Version 18
 I purchase this product for the year clipart subscription only ! This is my 3rd time purchasing this product . The cds are useless but the year clipart subscription is well worth the price . Do not expect to use the cds that come in the box ~ you only use the number on the sleave . go directly to -LSB- ... -RSB- and enter in your registration number and you will be able to access great clip art . Worth the $ -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The cluefinders 6th Grade is about two of the cluefinders have gone missing ! So it 's the other two 's job to find them.They find themselves underground and have ended up in the plant peoples lair.It 's the cluefinders job to find their friends and stop the plant people from destroying earth ! I recomend this game to kids who are in 5th or to kids who are going into 6th .
 Heya ! You can call me StoryMaker . I 've been enjoying the ClueFinders series for years , and I just finished ClueFinders 6th Grade . Like the other ClueFinders games , it contains fun games and a great storyline that keeps you hooked . And , like the others , it 's loaded with educational value too ! This title contains mathematical procedures such as addition applied to both whole numbers and fractions , science of many sorts , and some history to boot . The difficulty level was almost perfect for me - though a few things seemed hard at first , it 's relatively easy to develop stradegies that help -LRB- for example , rounding numbers in the spores game and guessing if it 's really too hard helps a lot -RRB- . Also , I highly reccommend listening to the other ClueFinders when you get the problems wrong and the Red Video Phone pops up . They often have great suggestions ! -LRB- Your parents and older siblings often have good suggestions too , if you 're really stuck . -RRB- Though there are n't as many mini-games as some of the other ClueFinders packages -LRB- such as 3rd Grade and 4th Grade -RRB- , the games that are there are very fun . As stated before , the storyline is quite engaging . The ClueFinders - Joni , Owen , Leslie , Santiago , and their floating laptop friend LapTrap - find themselves trapped in an underground world inhabited by anthropomorphic plants that apparently plan on overthrowing their hometown ! They do end up befriending one of them , though , and they go on an adventure full of twists , turns and mystery . Though I ca n't say it 's my very favorite ClueFinders plotline , and though a few elements are n't handled perfectly , it 's great overall . In the end , I 'd say this a great choice for a 6th Grader -LRB- though I reccommend they 're at least a little on the smart side -RRB- or a 7th Grader who wants to review . As for compatibility , this worked fine on my Windows Vista laptop and on all the Windows XP computers I 've played it on . I reccommend the other ClueFinders products , and JumpStart games as well . Signed , StoryMaker . `` Got ta trust the kid 's review ! '' -LRB- Note
 Bought this game for my boys , both of them loved the game . So far we have been impressed with all the titles in the series .
 My 11-year-old son loves the Cluefinders series . Even though the math in it is challenging for him -LRB- because speed is often necessary -RRB- , the rewards are fun and motivating enough that he sticks with it until he beats the game . He also finds the characters and the setting amusing . I recommend it highly , especially as something for kids to play with over the summer .
 Product is great - works just like it should . Arrived quickly - like it should . I wish I did n't have to buy it twice , however . I first tried to purchase it from Tech For Less on Amazon - I received an OEM version with no product key . Received no replacement or refund from that seller . So I had to purchase it AGAIN - I chose to purchase it from Amazon , expecting that they would at least honor their own refund policy . Too bad they do n't back up the sellers ' return policies they let ` sell ' on their site .
 Windows XP is actually a good product . I purchased the full version of XP to load onto my new iMac so that the wife can do some work at home -LRB- the program for work is Windows only -RRB- . I was impressed with the plug-and-play that actually recognized new hardware immediately , without the the old Windows way of going to `` adding hardware , '' then loading drivers , etc. . Our computers at work use XP , so I know it 's a pretty stable platform ... much more than all prior Windows platforms , with the exception of NT which was awesome . I also like the fact that it did n't come with all of the loaded junk that comes on a pre-installed PC . I thought that I would loath myself for installing it on and tainting my iMac , but I actually find myself being content with using it and I think I really have the best of both worlds having Windows and Mac OS X on one computer . PS . the only reason that it 's not 5 stars is because it 's Windows . LOL
 Old pc came with XP . Great ! New pc came with Vista . Not so great . New pc now has XP ! Nuf said !!!
 Thank goodness someone still had this item . I bought it because I do not like Vista . My computer crashed and lost everything . Had to start over.This was very easy to install and works like a charm . No problems at all . I would do it all over again in a minute if I had to .
 Yes , I know this is n't the `` Upgrade '' version . I found this for a lot less at CompUSA and I bought the new computer version when I upgraded from a 10 to a 40 GB hard drive , so it was infact just like `` a new computer '' when I installed this.First of all , let me say that I am very glad I bought this . XP has taken care of pretty much all of the computer nightmares that I had with ME . The only complaint I have is with battery life . XP uses up more battery life and so my laptop does n't run on the battery for as long as it 's suppossed to . Also , the Windows Firewall that comes with Service Pack 2 does n't work that well . It 's better than nothing -LRB- I think -RRB- . My dad had horrible problems with his computer before I convinced him to purchase the Norton Personal Firewall 2004 .
 As far as I 'm concerned , the bells and whistles accompanying any OS from Microsoft after XP do n't do me significant good - they may be necessary for compatibility with newer apps , and only that will drag me kicking and screaming away from XP . I 'm a Macintosh person to begin with , but the later Macintoshes are dual-boot , so -LRB- if you buy a Microsoft Windows OS -RRB- you can run PC apps in native code . Enter XP , stage right . It 's stable - it does n't crash NEARLY as often as do subsequent generations of Microsoft OS 's . And with Service Pack 2 , it 's much more bug-free . I 'm as content as I 'm likely to get , using Microsoft ...
 As with any Microsoft product there was the usual balking at first , but after a few dozen updates were downloaded and installed , things smoothed out quite a bit . It 's very stable now , I 'm happy with everything .
 I bought the Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition because it is the Service Pack 2 version . I wanted the CD because I wanteda copy of the Operating System that it is installed on my machine . I believe that the Home Edition is better for playing games on the computer than Windows XP Pro .
 This product is good to home and school work . I needed a method to inventory my mother-in-laws household good and the excel program worked as I wanted . Tools and functions are in different places , but as usual , follow help advice and you will solve your way through .
 Received wrong product , of which they promptly refunded me the difference . Would do business with them again .
 this was bought for my son 's computer , the have mac , but the online school uses windows
 Produc in good condition , easy to use . Best price , comparing it whit other selling companies .
 Best OS on the planet ! Windows XP Computer is the one I enjoy . It 's great now to have a backup . They will alway invent newer ones.You no longer can buy Windows XP in the store .
 2002 was not wanted or needed , i needed 2003 . my friend took me to a computer programer , and he put in 2007 profesionalknow i have radio , and can watch movies and all that stuff . thank i 'll be back to buy other products.later .
 I 've owned XP for a couple of years , and its a great system . It doesnt crash , its easy to use , and its customization is much better then Vista and Mac OSX -LRB- but not better then Linux . -RRB- Its the most professional , its used by business people . Its also great to have if your a bit geekier . You can change the themes . Code and game if you want . Its just more flexible -LRB- Mac OSX/Vista is n't . -RRB- Right now I 'm running Vista -LRB- I hate it , and so do all my freinds -RRB- and on another computer -LRB- a shiny new Imac -RRB- I have apple . It comes down to this : XP > Mac OSX > Vista . And Linux goes somewhere in there depending on who you are.Overall XP is the best . There are a few exceptions , like being dumb/effortless , or being a professional photographer/video maker , but XP is better for normal stuff . And no one , and I mean NO ONE , should use vista .
 Thier 's big miss interaption with Service Pack 2 . You I got an CD-ROM version and have n't any issuse , think it 's becuase all the updates were installed at one time . If your talking about buying an new PC make sure you buy an Version of Windows XP with Serivce Pack 2 perinstalled . If you have Windows XP requset the Serivce Pack 2 CD-ROM and you 'll have no issues with Serivce Pack 2 . Bewere the Virus Poration relays on MacAfee and CD-Buning on Roxio.Solry about spelling , I 'm not very good at it .
 Srtongly recommend not to purchase any product sold by Amazon vendors and not directly by Amazon . If Amazon can not provide it , find someone else .
 My new computer would not allow me to download the program . I am stuck with Windows Vista but I prefer XP
 I needed a version of Windows to go with my Mac and chose XP due to my familiarity . It is the typical Window OS and I did n't need the features of the Pro version so this was the best alternative . I never considered Vista due to all the horror stories . It does the job for me on the few Windows programs I have where there is not a suitable or Mac version available .
 I bought this for my daughter 's MacBook , She had a Windows-only program she needed long term for school and we did not want to buy a Wintel computer just for that . She uses it with the Macintosh `` Boot Camp '' program that allows the Mac to boot up w/the Macintosh Finder or Windows operating system . That requires a full version of Windows -LRB- not an upgrade -RRB- . We did have to upgrade Finder to the `` Tiger '' -LRB- 10.5 -RRB- version which had the production version of Boot Camp . We could not get the downloadable Beta version of Boot Camp to work w / the earlier versions of Finder . It took three shots to get Windows to install , all related to how Windows does a new `` clean '' installation ; it goes back to it 's MS-DOS roots for the initial setup . As with any Windows product , the amount of on-screen information was minimal , so I guessed wrong a couple of times during the installation process . Not for a complete novice , but I 'm no expert/geek , either . Technophobes should definitely get help . Once the installation was complete , everything worked as advertised , both for the Mac and Windows .
 I purchased this to use on my MACBook . Being a MAC person , I was afraid of getting VISTA , glad I was able to get the XP version .
 GREAT , I INSTALLED IT ON MY APPLE MAC BOOK PRO , NEED FOR WORK , RUNS BETTER THAN IN THE PC !!
 Installing was not a great problem , but it seems to have slowed my computer down since installation . I had ME before XP . XP is supposed to be faster than ME , but the opposite is true.Susan Kay
 I think that most people who are buying this product are the people who just built or building their own pc . There is no question wether or not you should choose this product since its considered to be the ` flagship ' version of the windows os and its had its time to mature . It 's said by microsoft that the XP will make your PC run faster but i think that more complicated the sofware gets , the more resources its going to require and windows xp is certainly more complicated than windows 98 . This is only an operrating system so as long as it operates quietly in the backgroud and does n't interup your work , its cool . By the way , i have some other advice , if you are making a new pc , please do not buy any products that are less than 6 months old , because by that time , not only will the price fall dramatically , but all the bugs in it will be fixed by that time.Good Luck !
 I love this version of XP . I hate the newer versions . This is the one to get , if you want an operating system that just works , with no issues .
 This product is fine and suited my needs . I did have a couple problems installing it at first -LRB- because it was not listed as OEM software on the website , so I was n't expecting this -RRB- but I worked it out . I used this product to install on my Mac to run windows-based programs . Everything is ok now .
 This was the right product for my friend . I thought the price was great and it arrived sooner than scheduled . You really ca n't do too much better than that .
 its windows XP . its not vista . XP means it does n't take too much to run it , which for my old little laptop , is a good thing . ` nuff said .
 I love my Windows XP . I have been using this program for a few months now with absolutely no problems . I 'm glad I decided on Windows XP and would recommend this to everyone .
 This is one the great Software for any PC . This give you full controlled of you computer , to controlled the fans and took look at the cooling . Plus easy to navigate around and to design the look of you Window look .
 Great product , especially compared to their ME and Vista products . Product was delivered on the date promised .
 After seeing how friends and coworkers have struggled with their Windows Vista machines more often than not , I decided to purchase Windows XP for an upgrade to a one of my home computers . XP is by far the better operating system when compared to Vista . And with the release of Service Pack 3 , Windows XP is even more stable . Something that Service Pack 1 for Vista did not do ...
 I purchased Windows XP for my new Intel iMac based on other reviews stating that Windows Vista was giving them problems . I use Windows XP on my Mac at work and it works great . I am happy with this purchase .
 old school is better than this new crap . With vista -LRB- or mojave , which ever they are calling it now -RRB- , we could n't download print drivers , Office , etc. . . product arrived as promised , no problems beyond vistjave ...
 This full version for computers without Windows was used to convert the OEM version to run on a virtual machine . The software works , but Microsoft 's marketing policies ...
 The product was in good condition when it was delivered . The software was up to Microsoft 's standards . The shipment arrived in a very timely manner .
 I bought a 2-year-old computer from a co-worker , and I wanted to be able to run some recent computer games on it . The computer as purchased did not have a legal copy of an operating system on it . I was tempted to buy VISTA , but it turns out that recent computer games DO N'T RUN ON VISTA ! Therefore I needed to buy the next-to-most recent version of Windows . Hence XP . The price on Amazon was competitive , and it installed properly . The only hitch is that the newly-installed XP did not recognize the built-in audio/speaker port of the PC hardware , so I had to also buy a sound card , so that I would have the drivers to install -LRB- the purchased PC did not come with the drivers -RRB- . I then purchased a wireless networking card , and that was NOT easy to install . I do not know if the difficulty -LRB- which I eventually overcame -RRB- was dueto the fact that I installed a disconnected version of XP -LRB- as opposed to buying a new PC with XP properly pre-installed -RRB- , or if the problem were due to the nature of the wierless card driver installation software . In any case , the XP software as purchased from Amazon works .
 The item arrived on time . I was very pleased with its condition . It worked perfectly .
 I like XP . Why go Vista ? Why do they keep upgrading the product so often ? I know it 's all about money , but if there are no significant improvements , they do n't need to distribute new product . Plus , I ca n't play my old WIN 95 games/programs . Why do n't they issue a fix for that ? I wo n't upgrade until they stop supporting XP or not even that if I do n't have to .
 If you are going to purchase an Operating System , you have to ask yourself what are you doing to be doing with your computer.Go ahead , take a second and ask yourself.I am an Extreme Gamer . As far as I am concern , Windows XP is one of the most stable and reliable OS 's for the most every day uses , like gaming . Windows is extremely user friendly and most of the popular applications used is for windows.Do not believe rumors about Mac 's being un-hackable . It 's just that the user base value of macs are so low that the shock value will be as low so nobody wastes their time writing viruses for mac 's only . But Mac 's are very good for productivity like film/audio editing . I use my mac for when I am just editing films with my gf . But the Mac OS are only good on macs seeing how they are built to use that OS . And no right click ? lol . Still , Mac OS is a good productive OS.Linux is for Computer Guru 's who know what they are doing and know what they want in an Operating System . This is also a Productive OS but for the most knowledgeable in computing . FREE * So again , what are you doing with your computer?Everyday use , simple , easy , friendly , gaming , secure - WindowsProductivity - Mac * NOTE * Do not consider Linux if you have no idea what you are doing . Linux is for the most extreme .
 If you 're reading this . You 're thinking of buying Windows XP home edition here are a few things to keep in mind.First thing is , you might be able to get away with buying just the upgrade edition . The upgrade edition allows you to do a full install . It just asks you for the CD of a previous version of Windows . Also remember you can download service pack two from the Windows update web site . So no need to buy it integrated with XP.These are what I consider the minimum system requirements :256 MB of RAM . I have found is adequate more equals better .500 MHz or higher will do .7200 rpm hard drive will help a lot.If you 're running Windows millennium edition , or 98 upgrade now the stability is vastly improved . Gone are the blue screens of death.Frequently asked question
 I took the plunge and downloaded Apple 's Boot Camp for the Intel based Macintosh . I had some old PC games so I thought this was worth giving a try . Apple 's setup process was seamless for partioning a seperate drive I installed just for Windows XP . Then you get to the Windoze part of installation with the famous blue screen . It does look antiquated , but I followed Boot Camp 's instructions to install . Windows XP took about 90 minutes via the `` standard '' insall method . Apple 's OS X as I remember installed in about 10-20 minutes!Since my installation about four months ago , Windows XP has been running just fine . I have actually gone onto getting additional PC games of my Windows XP disk . So this is great for those who want to have a Mac OS X side for work and a Windows XP side for play . Plus it looks like there wo n't be many games available in the future for OS X.Apple 's latest version of Boot Camp includes Windows Vista support , however I think I will hold off given the written reviews here on Vista . Windows XP does just fine for gaming.Edit : A little update here in 2009 . I forgot to install Windows with `` quick method '' and in reality it takes about 10-15 minutes for the install . Fortunately Apple has mentioned this in their updated Boot Camp guide which is complete with version 2.0 . As far as Windows XP 32 bit and Boot Camp go , there are no problems . It 's been an excellent system for gaming . And the open source software that I do have works perfectly on the installation . XP is the best that Microsoft has to offer .
 This is great for Mac users who want to add Windows to their computers . Please note that you will also need to either download Apple 's `` Bootcamp '' software , or purchase Parallel software -LRB- which Amazon also sells -RRB- and install it before installing the Windows XP software . It 's worth the money .
 I recently bought the full version windows xp with sp2 for my mac notebook due to the fact that many of the programs I needed do not have mac versions . I found the installation with Bootcamp -LRB- already equip with new apple notebooks -RRB- and absolutely seemless transition . I split my hard drive between mac and windows xp -LRB- I did not go with parallels -RRB- and have found no issues as yet except my computer once stopped in the middle of an application and just rebooted itself and it has n't happened again . When my desk top is ready to replaced , I will use the windows xp version again on the apple desk top that I plan to purchase . Great buy ... Also very easy to uninstall off apple notebook and start over ... We all know how windows gets jammed up after a while and regardless of all the disk cleanups and defrags etc it starts to run slow and needs to be redone .
 Like many other PC geeks , I looked at Windows XP and its eye-candy UI with suspicion when it first came out , but I 've come to love it . It 's rock solid -- I 've never had a single system crash in the last two years , even though as a gadget freak I install and try out new hardware a lot -- it 's fast , and its plug-n-play feature is so much better than any other operating system . Service Pack 2 makes XP even better , esp . in the security arena . It now comes with a better firewall and turns off some default settings that used to be on which could invite security problems . -LRB- The flip side of this increased security meausre is you constantly get warnings . -RRB- XP Home is great for home use . If you want file system-level encryption , true file permission settings and more networking options , opt for the Professional edition.I highly recommend teh book `` Windows XP Inside Out , 2nd edition '' if you are interested in optimzing your XP system and/or learning advanced techniques .
 To clarify S. McCrea `` s_mccrea `` s post , a pentium 4 with hyperthreading is not `` two chips on one chip '' . It 's a single chip that simulates dual processors.Microsoft XP Home Edition does NOT support multiple processors . Microsoft XP Professional Edition does . So if you need multo proc support , go with Pro .
 I bought this so that I could run windows on my Macbook . One of the big advantages over Vista is that it uses much less HD space which for me was quite important -LRB- given it 's a laptop -RRB- . It runs well using bootcamp and I 've yet to have any problems with it.I recommend buying this if you want to run Windows on your Mac , which for some things is essential.The only reason I 've rated it 4 stars is because I do n't actually like Windows as an OS particularly but for what I needed it for it 's doing its job well .
 I wanted to use Windows on my MacBook , but did not want or need to get involved with Vista . XP is working great for my purpose .
 Full version , complete with Sevice Pack 2 . Installed easily on replacement hard drive ; no problems .
 Easy to upgrade from Windows ME . I did have to increase my RAM by 256K but after that , works like a charm .
 It was everything I expected it to be . Not as flashy as the premium version but still a solid product !
 First , I 'd like to inform you that many of the low star reviews are ignorant and were probably written by OS Biased fools.Windows XP is near flawless when properly and sensibly used . Not only does the OS support thousands upon thousands of devices out of the box , without any sort of obnoxious installation CDs required , but it 's three or four steps up in stability from Windows previous incarnations . Crashes are literally unheard of , and usually are n't from the OS itself being faulty , but by the user themselves . I , myself , have had 2 crashes in approximately FOUR years of using XP over six-seven PCs . While virii and spyware may seem like a problem to some , free low profile software is available . Not to mention free software firewalls such as ZoneAlarm which completely deter anyone looking for a PC to break into . Rather than actually attempt to get into a somewhat secure , patched Windows PC they will go after a different target who does n't know any better . Security is a moot point to anyone who can click a download link and follow directions , while at the same time not downloading every last thing they see . Common sense is a REQUIREMENT for using Windows . Without common sense , you 're screwed.While the 200 $ price may be high , you have to realize you are buying the most widely supported OS as of now , which is , in my opinion , Microsoft 's greatest work . And whoever said you 'll need to frequently reformat -LRB- every 30 days ... HAH -RRB- , they 're sadly mistaken . I reformat every 2 years or so , and that 's just to be on the safe side . Not only that , but you can set it to format only the windows system files ... leaving other data intact.You have to realize that Windows is n't all cut in dry . Holding 90 + % of the market they have HUGE advantages . You 're NOT required to use integrated software like IE at all . For instance , we have the superior Opera and Firefox browsers from which to choose from . Also , to the one review which stated messenger being active by default ... um . . excuse me . . this is service pack 2 , not service pack 1 . The messenger and alert services are disabled in service pack 2 by default . This is definitely an example of someone who does n't know what they 're taking about , and an example of someone whom should be ignored.If you 're looking for an OS that lets you control every little thing you do , requires moderately high levels of computer literacy , complimented with buggy open source applications -LRB- though some are nice -RRB- and lack of widespread support , then go linux.If you 're looking for an OS that supports literally everything , plays games , and runs near flawlessly , with not only a command line interface but an advanced point and click system , go Windows . -LRB- AGAIN , COMMON SENSE RECOMMENDED AND REQUIRED -- Do your research if you 're worried about security -RRB- If you 're into graphics and nothing else , go Mac . There 's really no other reason to go Mac other than being a rabid apple supporter or rabid windows hater . OSX is purdy though .
 Shipping was prompt even though it was shipped during the Christmas season . No complaints .
 After one month using pirate copy of Windows XP , I 'm very glad to purchase this , right now , I do n't have any problem and its work fine , many thanks to Mr. Bill Gates for the good product
 Thought I would get one of these XP discs from an Amazon merchant , since Microsoft no longer makes it available . My OEM disc somehow got scratched and I need to be able to re-install on my 1/2 MB laptop . Vista would never get by with that small of a memory footprint . `` techdiscount '' merchant sent if fast , good price $ 116.00 and it passes the MS authentication test , shrink-wrapped . I would buy from them again .
 I received the product promptly . Had a bit of trouble installing it , I do n't do n't know if it was the CD or what but the Apple Genius figured it out . I 'm satisfied with the purchase .
 I purchased this for my MacBook Pro . using bootcamp it worked fine ; although the install failed the first time , but i figured since it was windows , working on the first try was too much to expect . I was going to give it only three stars because I am disappointed in just how bare bones it is right out of the box , but since it has n't crashed my mac yet and its not Vista , i give it four stars
 I needed this for my new MacBook laptop that will give me Apple and Windows on the same machine . The laptop works fine , the pocketbook is thinner . You do what you have to do ;
 Now , windows xp is the os to buy today because you have no other choice . it 's more compatible with games than windows 2000 and has a lot less bugs than windows me . the loading time is very fast -LRB- about 10 seconds on a amd athlon 64 3400 + -RRB- and i hav n't seen any ` blue screens of death ' since i bought it . However , ther is no more support for real dos mode which may cuase some of your older software to not function , otherwise its a great operating system .
 Great product ! I use this on my MacBook and it works great . uuummm ya ...
 I ca n't find a place to ask questions but I am wondering if this comes with Microsoft office on it or would I have to buy that separate ? Also , If you buy it used can you use it if it needs a password from Microsoft or are they going to say its been used already and you ca n't download it ?
 If you are like us we got fed up with the growing pains of Microsoft Vista . We decided it was high time to invest in a full version of Windows XP before they stopped selling them . It has proven to be a wise decision for us . Our son is back to playing all of his computer games on his new system without any glitches .
 I still use this product today at work -LRB- Windows 7 is rolling out shortly -RRB- and it 's a solid now as it was then . Everything works which is actually true for any Windows OS unlike Mac OSX which claims the same but means only apple software from apple will work . Anyhow it 's a major step up from Windows ME , rarly craches or has any issues what so ever , all my programs and games work as they always have . Very happy and this OS is just as good in 2012 as it was on release day . Very happy .
 Good System Software but not as user friendly as Mac OS .
 This product seems to do what it advertises.It is fast , does not slow down the system , and protects my Mac from virus threats . And the price is right.So far Intego Support has been outstanding . I had a minor issue with the preferences panel and they responded within a few hours of my email with a link to the fix.The netupdate portion will check for new versions and virus defs , but needs to be able to automatically download and apply . I am sure that will be corrected soon.Overall I would very much recommend this product.BCA
 I like to dabble in computer graphics and this collection has everthing I need to make interesting pictures without a lot of editing or major searching the internet . The graphics are photos , amazingly clear and because they have no backgrounds , selecting the images is easy . The program installs quickly and because the images are kept on 8 CDs you do n't use your hard drive to store them when they 're not needed . Once you do a search for a particular theme or subject , you can save the image in a variety of formats , sizes and even change the background colors to match a web page . Also included in the package is a PhotoFonts program which will create `` photo-filled '' text from your installed fonts . It uses a variety of backgrounds and you can preview your text filled with your selection before use . I used to do a lot of searching for just the right graphic to add to a picture , but this program makes it quick and easy .
 A couple of years ago , I upgraded my home computer from the miserable Windows ME to Windows XP Home Edition . It made a phenomenal difference - no longer did my computer crash every other day . Kudos for Microsoft . But then , I had to buy a lap top for office use and my employer required Windows XP professional for security purposes . Now I am no geek and I ca n't tell the difference between the two . Both are nearly identical in their application , so if you are not required to buy XP professional , save your money and buy the home edition .
 I needed an XP Professional upgrade so that my office network could include a PC originally shipped with the XP Home version . The software arrived quickly and in good condition . It was genuine Microsoft and exactly as described . After downloading the zillion updates since SP2 the computer is working fine .
 I need this software very quickly for a new network setup . They were very accommodating with my request and I had it in time for the installation . Thank for the great experience .
 I needed to upgrade to XP Pro for my office computer and searched everywhere for a good price -- Amazon.com beat everybody . XP Pro is so much better than what we were running -LRB- Windows 2000 -RRB- . Of course , I have to buy what the company I work for says , but I 'm no techie so I am happy with the ease of use of Microsoft products -- especially XP Pro .
 It met my expectations . Given that Microsoft is dropping support for Windows XP and I have an older PC , I was glad to find it here .
 I am very satisfied with the Microsoft Windows XP ProfessionalUpgrade with SP2 . It was very easy to install and has worked beautifully . I am well pleased . Sincerely , -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I ordered this to upgrade an office computer from Windows XP Home to Windows XP Pro . I thought this was just going to take about two hours , but I ran into a problem and the installation kept hanging at a certain point . If this happens , I would recommend calling Microsoft right away , to save time . I tried many things on my own , but should have called first . Once the installation was finally complete , there have been no problems . The system hangs are very infrequent I am told .
 This was exactly what I wanted and delivery was very prompt . I will order from them again .
 If you 're reading this . You want to upgrade , your old computer to Windows XP Professional Edition here are a few things to keep in mind.First thing is , you can download service pack two for Windows update . So no need to buy it integrated with XP.These are what I consider the minimum system requirements :256 MB of RAM . I have found is adequate more equals better .500 MHz or higher will do .7200 rpm hard drive will help a lot.If you 're running Windows millennium edition , or 98 upgrade now the stability is vastly improved . Gone are the blue screens of death.Frequently asked question
 I have been running Windows XP since 2001 and to tell you the honest truth it has been stable ever since . With the introduction of SP2 in this minor update of Windows XP , Microsoft has decided to make the product `` secure '' , than it was thought to be in the beginning . But the past few years have been rough on Microsoft , with consistency in attacks on the product with such vulnerabilities as Trojans , buffer overflows , viruses and the most memorable of the all Blaster -LRB- August 2003 -RRB- . Ever since its debut , Windows XP has been causing a lot of headaches and wreaking havoc on corporate networks because of its susceptibility vulnerabilities that were not fixed in its initial release or Service Pack 1 . So Microsoft decided to go back to the drawing board and decided to rethink what Windows XP should mean in terms of Security . At first Service Pack 2 was thought out to only be a minor Service Pack update with usual bug fixes , but because of the aforementioned problems Microsoft took new direction and after 1 year of testing we have finally reached a conclusion.SP2 is really apparent , based on my experience of installing the update , users displayed a welcome screen recommending Automatic Updates be turned on -LRB- and I would recommend too -RRB- , after which the user is presented with the Security Center where you can configure the new and improved Firewall settings , such as which programs can access your PC . You also have the option of configuring your Anti-Virus program , unfortunately I have not been able to do so because my Anti-virus is not supported , although it seems -LRB- Norton Anti-virus Corporate Edition 7.6 -RRB- . Security Center is really the big change here and should have been implemented from beginning , but better late than never.Other great features which I and many users are undoubtedly thankful for include the Pop-Blocker which should have been included in IE 6 from the beginning -LRB- better late than never -RRB- , its not 100 % percent effective but does a decent job so far of blocking most annoying Pop-Ups . I wish the Windows Team allowed users to train it , so if a Pop does succeed , you can tell the pop-up blocker engine that was a pop-up window and you should n't let that pass the next time , maybe Microsoft will let it improve over time . Other great improvements to IE in SP2 is the ability approve programs , so drive by downloads have become a thing of the past , anything you decide to download or accidentally clicked on a webpage has to be approved.Another wish is , better integration of the ActiveX controls with Microsoft 's own technologies , I notice that when I had to do a Office Update , the ActiveX API engine on Microsoft 's Office website had to be approved before I run the utility that checked for updates for Office products I needed.Microsoft has also streamlined Windows Update to be more user-friendly , you the user have the option for a Express or Custom install , Express only installs the most critical updates , while Custom allows to install the entire kitchen sink , including stuff some users can do without on Windows , -LRB- go with Express -RRB- . Windows XP SP2 includes minor enhancements such as Windows Media Player 9 , but why did n't Microsoft just wait a little longer and included Windows Media Player 10 , which is already out ? The blue tooth update is also a needed update , it was n't intuitive right out of the box , but is more user friendly , all this , you can get for free if you are existing XP owner.Overall , if you have n't upgraded to Windows XP yet from older versions of Windows , this is the time , but if you are an existing Windows XP user , I say skip this and just order the SP2 CD or download it from the Windows XP Website . I highly recommend users running prior versions of XP especially 95 , 98 , 98 SE , NT 4 and ME , maybe 2000 also move to XP , since Microsoft is planning on porting any of technologies in XP to those older versions of Windows , plus it has some great new features and you will love the Security technologies that provide a better experience for you the user . Most of all , I highly recommend Windows XP users get this update !
 No idea why people are trashing SP2 , since it introduces a lot of stability and security enhancements . In the latter dept. it 's still not robust yet ; you need a firewall -LRB- e.g. , a router or ZoneAlarm software -RRB- and a free anti-virus program -LRB- AVG , from grisoft.com -RRB- to beef up your security . But in many other aspects SP2 fixes stability and security holes and it installed seamlessly on my PCs and has made things soemwhat better.This XP Pro upgrade is for people who have XP Home installed . The added advantages of XP Pro include 1 -RRB- the ability to encrypt files and folders at the OS level ; 2 -RRB- the ability to control read/write/access rights of individual files and folders ; 3 -RRB- enhanced networking support ; 4 -RRB- dual-processor support ; 5 -RRB- and more . I chose XP Pro over Home for the first two reasons , as I 'm paranoid about people snooping on my PC when I take a shower or dump .
 I agree , Windows could improve thier products but I 'm not going to jump on the Linux bandwagon just yet . You can get this product Academic for 84.00 on the web . I own several copies for my home computers . If you network and use wireless this is the program to use . I use both Unix and Windows at work and the Unix is far more stable . Compatibility issues are what kills Unix/Linux for now and Linux is not user friendly . In the future Apple and Linux will have some of the same issues as Windows to deal with as they become more popular . Windows dominates for a reason . Also , when you upgrade select full install and not the upgrade . You will need a full version copy of Windows 98 , Windows Me , or Windows 2000 to accomplish this . Registering your software with Microsoft is virtually painless , even if you need a new key . You can load Windows five times before your key expires . At that point you can call them for a new one.I 'd buy this product again and Amazon is a great company to deal with - FIVE STARS to them !!!
 What can you say its software ... its was priced OK , shipping was free and it arrived when promised ... no worries , Mon !! Revived an HP laptop that fried its hard drive.CONS ; Count 'em 107 updates were required upon installation ... yes you read it right that is 107 updates ... took longer to download and install the updates via a wireless connection that it did to install op sys and all the required drivers in the first place . LOVE Windows !!
 I was a little nervous to attempt an upgrade from Windows 98 to XP because of some of the problems I 've read that individuals had doing so . When I began the upgrade , there was a option to select that would test your PC to see if it was upgradeable and it told me that mine was not . However , when I restarted my PC with the upgrade DISC already installed , the upgrade began it 's process . There 's an option to print out instructions during the installation , I suggest that one do this so that you can have a paper copy of what to do next . Once I picked the correct options , the upgrade proceded without a hitch . Make sure you have at least 128MB of RAM and free hardrive memory space before you begin . The XP installation was a success and now it 's like I have a new PC . I love it .
 I do not why the others had these problems with Windows XP . I have run this program since it came out 2001 ? Except for the danger of attack by viruses , I have had no trouble as long as enough RAM is installed . A minimum of 500-750 is essential . With the addition of antivirus software and service pack 2 , I feel fairly secure .
 Did n't think they could get anymore fabulous ? Think again . By using Candy Bar Plus , you can simply drag and drop your favorite icons into Candy Bar , and that 's it ! Simple , easy to use , and Candy Bar Plus also comes with many icons for you to use . With all that said , there is one glitch , at least on my Mac . When changing my icons back to the original , sometimes it does n't work . It may be my Macintosh , not the program -LRB- I have the new iMac with Intel -RRB- But even the glitch is n't enough to keep me from using this product , and I highly recommend it .
 Have been using candybar since I switched over from the PC several years ago . It allows you to change and redesign your icons easily & quickly , making your mac special . Still ca n't do Microsoft Office -LRB- I use Get Info to change that -RRB- but it does everything else . It 's fun and a great complementary app for your beloved mac !
 Although not the most thorough or complete in teaching Egyptian Hieroglyphs , it does give the basics and provide some valuable tests and exercises that I found extremely valuable . The best software program on the market that I have found so far .
 i was struggling with my chemistry SAT subject test-and i found out this CD !!!!! because i am an international student , i felt like i need more extra study , forbetter understanding in my class and more preparation for SAT2.this CD was exactly the one that i was looking for.It provided all the explainations and the details which satisfied me perfectly.tutorial mode practice exam especailly hepled me alotwith well-organized all stuff that i need to memorizeif you want a totuor that helps you whenever you needi strongly recommend this CD to you-because it actually helped me a loooooooot !!!!!!!!!!! here is what you have been looking for !!! : -RRB-
 I have always struggled with chemistry from the first day of school in September . Then I got this software and everything turned around . I have started to do alot better in chemistry . I really suggest this software to any student that is taking chemistry .
 Chemistry is a very hard subject to learn . I know this because I am a sophomore in high school . I always had D 's in Chem . and I though I may have failed for the year but once I found this program my grades went from a D to an B + I owe everything to this Software.I recommend Chemtutor to anyone who struggles or even wants to review or do better in Chemistry .
 I am currently taking chemistry and I find it to be an extremely hard course . At the beginning of the year I struggled to learn and understand the basic concepts of chemistry . I had trouble on my homework and I got poor results on my tests . When I was introduced to ChemTutor Excalibur my grades immediately improved and I no longer felt lost.The program teaches chemistry in an easy to understand format with test questions thourough explanations . With the help of this fabulous program I gained a better understanding of the material and began to enjoy chemistry . I became more active in class discussion , developed a better understanding of the notes , and performed better on tests and quizzes . I recommend ChemTutor Excalibur to everyone taking Chemistry !
 I purchased Chemtutor Excalibur after my first quarter of school . I am in Honors Chemistry and I had a 78 average . I needed to raise my average to a B + or anywhere between a 87-90 . My mom purchased Chemtutor to help me and at first I thought it was stupid so i was n't going to use it . But one night I decided to give it a try . I started by learning the material with the great explanations , the reading and descriptions of the chemistry problems are so much easier to understand then the textbook which is so complex . I started to see improvments in my homework grades and lab reports . I then had my first test since using the program and i studied with the practice test on Chemtutor , it was a great studyguide and some of the questions that it asked were so similiar to the ones on my test . I got a 91 % on the test . Since purchasing Chemtutor my grade has gone from an 78 to a 93 , even higher then I expected . I suggest any chemistry student should use Chemtutor it is a huge help !!
 Chemtutor Excalibur is a great interactive program that really helps students who struggle and better students who are already good at Chemistry . It covers all the necceary information you need for Chemistry . I recommend this program to anybody who is taking chemistry this year , and especially for people who are struggling in the class with the concepts . It helped me with chemistry . Because in the beggining of the year I was struggling with the class , but with the help of this great program I began to see my Chemisry knowledge and skills improve and also my grade average increase .
 chemtutor is an excellent tool for studying chemistry . There are plenty of examples of how to solve problems in chemistry . The tests are very useful before u take the real tests because they grade your answers and tell u which questions u have trouble with . If u happen to have trouble on a question the explenation button will clarify the question with an example of the proper way to do it . Chemtutor is the key to understanding the difficult science of chemsistry , and it also is the alternative to spending outrageous amounts on tutors .
 ChemTutor Excalibur was the greatest thing ever to happen to me and my grades . Before using this software , I was nearly failing my advanced chemistry class . But when I asked my teacher if I there was anything I could do to improve , she suggested ChemTutor . ChemTutor has a simple , easy LEARN and EXPLANATION sections , which clearly assist you and thoroughly explain the answer if you do n't understand . My grade went from a C to an A.
 I have to say that if I were to give this product a rating for information , I would give it 5 stars . But it stops right there . My reasons :1 . -RRB- If you have n't taken an introductory course in chemistry or any similar class , this software will surprise you . First , -LRB- and this might really shock you -RRB- the software does not give you initial lessons or instructions ; it will just start asking you questions specific to the topic you picked . It does , however , have an explanation section , which will give you a hint or a briefing on how to solve the problem in front of you . Although sometimes , the explanations are profound or incomplete . It assumes that you know basic chemistry jargon . There are words that you will think you know , but actually have extended or other meanings in chemistry . Second , the concept of the factor-label method or dimensional analysis , which is crucial to solving chemistry math problems , is never taught . Again , the software assumes you know that . Be sure you know it if you 're going to buy this software .2 . -RRB- There is a bad question organization . No , I take that back , there is n't even a question organization . The questions come up randomly , not in a specific order , which means that sometimes you might get the hardest question in the beggining . This is a big problem if you do not have prior education on the subject . Obviously , you wo n't be able to do a hard question if you have n't encountered the basic ones , and this will just `` oxidize '' your patience .3 . -RRB- For a software so popular , you would n't expect to find low quality images . This seems that the software was done in such a rush -- which leads me to another point
 ChemTutor Excalibur is an outstanding , interactive tutorial software package that students can use to learn chemistry without ever opening a textbook . I teach three different levels of chemistry at Westtown School in Pennsylvania , and I use ChemTutor Excalibur as an integral part of each of the three courses that I teach . In fact , instead of reading their textbooks , I often have my students work with the interactive tutorials in ChemTutor Excalibur on their own at home , and it definitely helps them to develop a strong understanding of all aspects of general and inorganic chemistry . Both my beginning chemistry students and my advanced students find ChemTutor Excalibur to be very helpful . The tutorials are excellent and students enjoy working with them much more than reading their textbooks.And the results have been phenomenal . I started teaching Chemistry in 1978 . Since then , my AP students have typically averaged a 4 on the College Board Advanced Placement Exam in Chemistry . They 'd get an occasional 5 -LRB- the highest score possible -RRB- and an occasional 3 , but most of my students would score a 4 , which is considered to be a pretty good score . But then , in the fall of 2002 , our school obtained an unlimited site license for ChemTutor Excalibur , and my students started using it throughout that academic year . When my Advanced Placement students took the AP Chemistry Exam in May of 2003 , all of them scored a 5 . In May of 2004 , all of my AP students once again earned a 5 on the AP Exam . They had the same teacher and the same textbook as my previous students . I have to believe that the improved performance is due to ChemTutor Excalibur . My first-year students have also shown significant improvement on the SAT II Subject Test in Chemistry now that they have ChemTutor Excalibur to help them learn chemistry and to help them prepare for the SAT II.In reading some of the reviews of ChemTutor Excalibur on Amazon.com , I noticed a couple of reviewers who have obviously based their review on an earlier edition of ChemTutor . The Standard Edition of ChemTutor came out in the 1990s -LRB- when computer hardware had limited capabilities compared to today 's computers -RRB- and was intended to be used as a supplement to any good chemistry textbook . Prior to 2002 , I used the Standard Edition in my classroom to help students review for tests and especially term exams ; however , the Standard Edition was not intended to be used as a standalone tutorial for chemistry . Students definitely had to learn the material from me or from the textbook first before working with the Standard Edition of ChemTutor . Due to the limited hard drive space that computers had in the mid 1990s , the Standard Edition did not have the LEARN screens or the EXPLANATION screens that the Excalibur Edition has , which are what make ChemTutor Excalibur so helpful for struggling chemistry students . The unlucky individuals who wrote those reviews apparently bought used software -LRB- not a good idea -RRB- from someone who sold them the older Standard Edition instead of the Excalibur Edition.Kurt M. WicksScience FacultyWesttown SchoolWesttown , PA
 ChemTutor Excalibur can help any student raise his or her grades or simply learn chemistry well . The LEARN and EXPLANATION buttons are a great feature that never leave you confused or stuck on a problem . The explanations are thorough and break down the principles into easily comprehensible pieces . This is a great practice and learning tool .
 ChemTutor Excalibur is an interactive software package offering practice tests and providing immediate feedback and tutorials . Students have the choice of taking a tutorial or practice test in one of 20 chemistry topics , or of taking a practice exam including any combination of the 20 topics . Students can request tutorials covering the concepts necessary to answer questions or explanations showing worked-out solutions to questions . Each time students take a practice exam , a new set of questions is randomly selected . A periodic table and other reference tables are built into the program . The following 20 topics are included in the software package : Atom , Molecules , and IonsNomenclatureChemical Reactions and EquationsMole CalculationsStoichiometryAtomic TheoryPeriodic TrendsThe ElementsBonding and Molecular GeometryGasesInterparticle Forces and Phase ChangeSolution ChemistryThermodynamicsReaction KineticsChemical EquilibriaAcid/Base ChemistryOxidation and Reduction ReactionsElectrochemistryNuclear ChemistryOrganic ChemistryChemTutor Excalibur is an excellent drill and practice system for any chemistry exam , including the AP Chemistry Exam . The feedback presents clear and accurate explanations , and the questions cover a wide range of difficulty levels.Rhonda AlexanderChemistry Teacher -LRB- AP & PreAP -RRB- Robert E. Lee High SchoolTyler , TX
 I am an international student . When I first came to the U.S. I had a hard time to understand all the materials in English . I pretty much knew all materials in my language , but english terms and different organization of text book made me more complicated to study chemistry . However , Chemistry tutor excalibur solved all the problems . It explains all the materials with easy and brilliant explanation with useful problems .
 I am a student of Chemistry AP course in high school . I took regular chemistry course during summer two years ago . Honestly , I forgot everything I learned . My memory 's not so good . I was very worried when my teacher said we have a first big test coming up . Then , several of my friends recommended me ChemTutor Excalibur . They said it 's great , so I tried it , and it was amazing ! It explained many confusing stuffs in a very easy way , and `` learn '' and `` explain '' sections helped me more than my text book . Everything is organized very well . It was a great opportunity to experience many types of probolems . Also , great solution and explanation for every problem ! I felt like I became a master of Chemistry ! Indeed , I got 107 and 102 out of 100 in my two big tests that I took this year . I was very happy about that.It is also very interesting to study with computer ! It 's not boring ~ ! I strongly recommend all of you to get this great helper !!! ps
 In our experience , ChemTutor Excalibur has been an extrememly helpful tool in explaining the complex processes , formulas , and ideas at the nucleus of chemistry . It allows students to thoroughly master concepts such as molecular bonding , intermolecular forces , thermodynamics , organic chemistry and much more . First , students are able to become familiar with and practice the material they learn in class with the `` tutorial mode '' feature . Before exams , the `` test simulation mode '' feature allows students to quiz themselves on any range of material . Within both the tutorial and test simulation modes , students can choose to access information specific to each question explaining the steps to solving each problem . After completing each of these modes , students can view a summary/assessment of their performance that shows the number of questions answered correctly , the specific questions answered incorrectly , and a percentage grade . This allows students to understand the areas in which they need to improve . ChemTutor especially helps students who learn visually and may not fully comprehend material discussed in class . A `` Learn '' feature clearly spells out concepts that may be only briefly talked about in class . We would definitely recommend ChemTutor Excalibur to any high school or even college student taking a first-year chemistry course .
 ChemTutor Excalibur covers all major topics covered in college chemistry in good detail . The LEARN and EXPLANATION features are perfect . Having ` learn ' and ` explain ' as separate features allows the program to cater more precisely to a student 's needs .
 I have been using ChemTutor Excalibur for the past two years in each of the chemistry courses that I teach and I will be using it again this year . I have found it to be an excellent resource for students as they work their way through their study of chemistry . The interactive tutorials in ChemTutor Excalibur are thorough , yet concise , and they do a great job of teaching students all of the concepts and calculational procedures that are covered in first-year and AP Chemistry . I encourage all of my students to use ChemTutor Excalibur throughout the school year as they learn each unit of material , and at the end of the year as they prepare for their year-end exams . At the end of this past school year , 8 out of the 10 students in my AP Chem course earned a 5 on the College Board AP Chemistry Exam . My first-year students scored equally impressive results on the SAT II Subject Test in Chemistry with a lot of 700 + scores . I have to give a lot of the credit for these results to ChemTutor Excalibur , which does an excellent job of helping students to prepare for these exams.I encourage anyone who is interested in thoroughly learning chemistry to use this software . However , it is important for students to use ChemTutor Excalibur as it was designed to be used . Students who use it as nothing more than a series of multiple choice practice tests are missing the important tutorial aspects of the program . There are LEARN buttons and EXPLANATION buttons that have to be clicked in order to get the full value of the software . ChemTutor Excalibur teaches new concepts and procedures by way of example , which students appreciate ; the software then has the students apply what they are learning , which is the best way to truly learn chemistry . For example , in working through the Chemical Reactions & Equations tutorial , a student will be asked whether an aqueous solution of ferric nitrate will react with magnesium or copper or neither or both . It is important for the student to then click on the LEARN button . This brings up a screen that teaches the concepts associated with single displacement reactions and the order of activity of metals , and gives the student an example using different reactants . The student can then apply this information as they try to answer the original question . They are given immediate feedback as to whether they have solved the problem correctly or not . The student can then click on the EXPLANATION button , which brings up a screen that explains in detail how to solve that specific problem . Later on in the tutorial , after learning about other types of reactions , the student will encounter additional single displacement problems with metals using different sets of reactants to help reinforce what they have learned about this type of reaction . The LEARN and EXPLANATION screens will still be available , if needed , but eventually the student will develop the confidence to solve each type of problem without referring to these screens.When used in this way , ChemTutor Excalibur is an awesome learning tool . With ChemTutor Excalibur , students can learn chemistry on their own and at their own pace . Every chemistry student should have this software.George WigginsChemistry FacultyAlbany , NY
 First year Chemistry is a subject that you absolutely have to study for . You ca n't fake your way through it and expect to pull an A average . Therefore , I have found this an indispensable tool for the course . It is a good feeling going into a chemistry test and knowing that you have already taken several practice tests on that specific area . It is even more helpful when the end of the year comes and you want a good way to refresh your knowledge of everything you have done for your final , to make sure that you still have all your knowledge down . This is an excellent program , and I would recommend it to any chemistry student .
 High school or college chemistry can be a pretty tough subject . I 've found that with ChemTutor Excalibur , though , chemistry is much easier to understand and do well in . ChemTutor provides students with many different kinds of practice problems from twenty different topics that a high school or college chemistry course would cover . These problems have easy-to-understand learn screens and diagrams which explain exactly why an answer is , in fact , true . If you are a high school or college student taking chemistry , and are either struggling , or simply want more practice with chemistry , look no further than ChemTutor Excalibur !
 Chemtutor excalibur is a form of interactive learning software that makes the complex theories and problems of chemistry easier to comprehend and master . It provides a productive means to practice everything from basic equasions to complex chemical reactions . Chemtutor excalibur serves as a vehicle from which students can gain knowlege which is essential for understanding chemistry . The program is set up in a user friendly way that allows for students to practice material for tests , quizes and labs . From practice tests , to basic review , to explainations chemtutor excalibur covers all of the bases . It is a practicle , well made and effect study tool for all students who are taking chemistry .
 ChemTutor Excaliber is not only helpful for first and second year Chemistry classes but also is an excellent source for building SAT II Chemistry skills . Forget the the Cliff 's Notes Reviews and the SAT II study guides !!! Provides a realistic test setting for the user with answers and explanations when needed . Even if you do n't have much time in your day , using it for only fifteen to twenty minutes a day -LRB- a month or two in advance for the SAT II -RRB- can dramatically improve your scores .
 ChemTutor Excalibur is a easy way to learn and practice your Chemistry skills . With this program , I was able to get a good understanding of the material learned in class . It contains many different problems and questions to answer and explains how to answer them and why . It has everything a chemistry student needs . It helped me out a lot and I 'm sure it will help you out too !
 Chemtutor
 I was struggling with my chemistry subject.But after having this program I 'm now helped by this CD very much and appreciate to have chemistry tutor in my computer . It 's very helpful . Its tutorials and practice exams make much easier to understand chemistry with detailed explanation . It 's very well organized . I can take a self-test in this program too . I strongly suggest this CD to people who have hard time with chemistry .
 I was starting off my year very rough when my teacher introduced this software to the class . With in a couple of tutorials of nomenclature and basic atomic structure i was getting it . My papers started coming in on time back to me with better passing grades on them . I have just started using the tutorials for chemical reactions which is helping me with homework , classwork , and lab work . I plan on this cd to help me with all of my studying and to be a part of all my dialy work.Its worth the $ $ $ $ if you want the grade !!!
 Thank you ChemTutor Excalibur . I 'm in AP chem , and for all of you out there thinking about buying this , DO IT . this changed my average from a C - to a B + in just a two weeks . With out it , i would probably be failing the course . But it did n't just help me in class though , it allso helped me opn my AP exam . I got a 2 on the practice test , but with ChemTutor Excalibur , it imporved my exam grade to a 5 . definatly a good buy , and it 's worth all the money .
 First of all I would like to thank the person who made this program , this saved my chem grade . Im a sophmore and at the begining of the trimester I had a D - , now I have a 81 average . Thats a full two letter grades ! Im so glad that this program is available to everyone . I strongly recomend this program to anyone strugling in chemistry .
 ChemTutor Excalibur is very helpful because it gives you a wide variety of problems for a section and really promotes greater understanding of the material . I find that the learn button especially helpful , because it explains how to solve the problem in detail . The practice exam also greatly improves your skills because it provides an easy way to review cumulative material and makes sure you do not forget the basics . In conclusion , ChemTutor Excalibur has made me a more confident chem student and has broadened my understanding of the subject .
 ChemTutor Excalibur takes a difficult and often confusing subject -LRB- college level Chemistry -RRB- and manages to pare it down to a readable and engrossing form . Using this program helped me greatly in making my way through an AP Chemistry class , and now in college , I find I still have no difficulty conversing with second year Chemistry majors about their labs . While some might say that the graphical interface is lacking , I think that it has everything it needs . In fact , with none of the bells and whistles that most other Chemistry programs have -LRB- unnecessary slides , splash screens , and animations -RRB- , ChemTutor exposes itself , daring its users to find fault with its content , rather than distracting them with its presentation . Personally , I found it to be as close to perfect as such a program can be . In short , if you are really interested in learning Chemistry , not in playing just another computer game , ChemTutor is the program for you .
 I have progressed quickly through loads of material in my Chemistry class , using only ChemTutor Excalibur . The `` Learn '' function effectively replaces your standard Chemistry textbook , and is all a student needs to learn either basic or advanced chemistry . Many students , including myself , have found the information on ChemTutor easier to grasp than its textbook equivalent.ChemTutor is also wonderful for test preparation . It 's the only tool I need to study ! The textbook , the quiz preparation , and the sample term exams are all included in a single CD-ROM ! I wholeheartedly recommend ChemTutor Excalibur for the fastidious chemistry student , and for the teacher who wishes to do away with heavy textbooks . It 's a lifesaver !
 When one of us took our first quiz this spring term , she received a 75 . After using ChemTutor Excalibur , however , she received a 971/2 , 991/2 , and a 931/2 on her next three tests . How 's that for improvement ! This program gives helpful explanations and good practice for all different topics in Chemistry . We would recommend ChemTutor Excalibur to anyone in need of a little or a lot of extra help .
 I am currently a senior in high school , and with the pressures of applying to college and my heavy course load it 's hard to find the sufficient time needed to study for chemistry . Furthermore , I am not an excellent science scholar , but with ChemTutor 's methods of explaining , my comprehension of chemistry has greatly improved . With ChemTutor Excalibur I have begun to not only understand the material better , but more importantly I maximize my efficiency of studying for chemistry . ChemTutor is easily comprehendible and straightforward so that I can get the most out of my time studying . With ChemTutor all my questions and confusions about chemistry are answered , and because of the ChemTutor teaching and testing method I am always prepared for my next chemistry test . I would recommend ChemTutor for anyone ; it is an excellent tool for the study and practice of chemistry .
 Chem Tutor Excalaber is one of the most comprehensive and helpful piece of educational software I have used to date . It is strait forward , loads well , and has yet to crash on me . I would recomend it for any student who wishes to prepare themselves for the SAT II or any student hoping to succeed at Chemistry
 I am a sophomore in high school and i had been struggling a great deal in chemistry over the course of this year . i had received an A in bio but my grade had slipped in chemistry , well that was the truth until i started to use chem tutor excalibur . It helped me gain a better understanding of chemistry as well as kept me interested , because of its design it is an excellent program for those who cant seem to focus on chemistry long enough to studyi would like to personally thank who ever made this program
 I 'd like to start by saying thank you to the makers of ChemTutor Excalibur . This program is amazing . All it takes is a willingness to learn and ChemTutor Excalibur and you 'll have an A in your Chemistry class . Science has always been difficult for me , but when I started using ChemTutor Excalibur , my grades instantly improved . Tons of practice problems , easy interface , low price ... what more could you ask for ? If you 're having trouble in Chemistry , this is the product for you . Buy it today , you wo n't be dissapointed .
 In the past , sciences have been extremely difficult for me , and when chemistry came along I thought I it would be best for me to drop out of school and become a truck driver . This all changed when I discovered a computer software program entitled Chem Tutor Excalibur . Chem Tutor Excalibur single handedly changed my grade from the C range to the B + to A range and also changed my view n how fun and exciting chemistry could be . While using Chem Tutor Excalibur I found it especially helpful that you could break all the things you learn in chemistry into individual chapters and focus on one thing at a time . I also liked that if you got a problem wrong the program will give you an explanation of why your answer is wrong and why the correct answer is correct instead of just stating that your answer was wrong . Without Chem Tutor Excalibur I personally think that I would not be getting the individual attention one needs to do well in chemistry . I recommend Chem Tutor Excalibur to anyone taking Chemistry whether you are struggling or doing well you will see a definite improvement in your grade.Sean Delaney
 I have been using ChemTutor at least once a week for the past nine months and I have never been dissappointed with it . The questions range from basic concepts to challenging questions that require a deeper thought process . It is perfect for anything ; from the use of multiple refence tables -LRB- thermodynamic data , reduction potentials etc. -RRB- to studying for a final exam . A feature that I found very helpful was being able to choose between two types of interactive test
 ChemTutor Excalibur is a fantastic computer software program . It not only present an oportunity to answer and consider medium to difficult chemistry problems , but also includes ` Learn ' and ` Explain ' buttons that serve as an indisposible self educational tool . The way in which ChemTutor works involves selecting one or more Tutorial/chemistry subject . One proceeds to answer a series of multiple choice question and has the option of knowing when he/she has made a correct or incorrect answer . I was in a challanging advanced chemistry course that had little room for lengthy individual questions/concerns . I found that doing ChemTutor Excalibur , in addition to reading the material presented on chemistrylecturenotes.com , drastically improved my understanding of the material that was covered . I would highly reccoment purchasing this excellent program to any highschool or begining chemist who is searching for the perfect way to develop a strong grasp of basic chemistry concepts .
 Since we are international students , it was very hard to understand materials that we cover in the class . Because of that , we had to spend so much time than other students . However , after using chem tutor excalibur for one year as supplementary help , it became so much easy for us to keep up with the class . When we solve the problems in chem tutor , explanations for the questions were incredibly fascinating that helped us to grasp the gist of materials . So now , we 're getting A 's !!!!!!
 ChemTutor Excaliber is like having your chemistry teacher on call all the time . Before a test or quiz , using ChemTutor Excaliber improves my understanding of the material and allows me to choose and hone in on any particular unit that I am having trouble with . The `` learn '' and `` explanation '' buttons are life savers and explain concepts clearly and concisly . If you are taking a chemistry course this is the software for you -- it will become your best friend ! The practice exams are normal length exams that can be used in tutorial or test simulation mode making it possible for you to get feedback immediatly or simulate actually being in a test situation which is extremely helpful . This program should be in every school and every home of chemistry lovers . Even if you do n't love chemistry now -- you will after using ChemTutor Excaliber because all of chemistry 's mysteries will become clear !
 ChemTutor Excalibur is excellent . It teaches with correct , concise , and marvelously clear explanations of everything you need to know in Chemistry . The diagrams , tables , and definitions that ChemTutor Excalibur provides are so clear , focused , and well written . They get right to the point and explain concepts better than my slick , overpriced textbook did . I recommend ChemTutor Excalibur to anyone who is currently taking , or plans to take , a chemistry course .
 This is a very well thought out software , in which directions are simple to follow and practice problems are thought provoking . With many different subject matters and practice problems for each , skill develops after a few minutes of practice every day . Each problem is equipped with a button to click to learn how to do the process , and another button that explains , step by step , how to solve the problem with accurate calculations . An excellent software for any student looking for extra help in Chemistry without hiring a tutor !
 This program is brilliant ! I could n't have done well in my Advanced Chem class without it . Not only does ChemTutor teach you how to do each type of problem , it explains the individual answer for any question you do n't understand . Plus , there 's no need for a periodic table ; ChemTutor already has one ! ChemTutor also has quick references to helpful equations . ChemTutor also provides immediate feedback that tells you if you got the question right so that you can make sure you understand each concept before you move on to the next . Overall , ChemTutor Excalibur is an amazing program that really helps you through any problems you may be having with Chemistry .
 Chem Tutor is one of the best programs I have ever used . Since I have been using it my Chem grade has improved greatly . More importantly I now have a better understanding of the subject.Any problems I have are answered in great detail . It is an easy program to understand and I feel sorry for the people who have to do chemistry without Chem Tutor Excalibur .
 OH MY GOD ! How did Interactive Learnings , Inc. come up with such a software ! This is a work of genius , and I am grateful for ChemTutor Excalibur , because it has helped me so much for me to earn a A + in my advanced chemistry course!To be honest , I am not a science guy , and I never was , until my friend suggested this great program , ChemTutor Excalibur . ChemTutor Excalibur has helped me to see a whole new world of chemistry . With Test Simulation mode , you can choose any part of chemistry that seems most challenging to you , and be tested on many different varieties of questions . In addition to that , with clear explanations for every single problems , even you can be a chemistry master in no time ! If you want a A + in your chemistry course , get ChemTutor Excalibur , NOW . You will not regret it , and I guarantee it . I LOVE CHEMTUTOR !
 I have two wonderful boys who do quite well in school but both have struggled with Chemistry . I think it is a difficult subject to teach and Chem Tutor seems to make a connection when sometimes a teacher or tutor was not able to . It definitely has made a full grade difference in every test and is an easy tool to use . Even at this point in the grade year it will help . -LRB- I did n't discover Chem Tutor until April of my oldest son 's year in Chemistry . After struggling to get C 's in chem tests all year he got A in the Organic Unit test at the end of the year after using Chem Tutor . -RRB-
 As one of those students who struggles with sciences you , can not imagine how happy I was when my chemistry teacher suggested that I use chem tutor to study . Not only does it provide practice problems in all the major areas of high school chemistry , it is also interactive so it is just like having your teacher with you !!! So if you want to do well in chemistry , chem tutor is the thing for you .
 Very useful didactical material for teaching chemistry . I recommend it for high school and university students and teachers . The text and the exercises are so clear .
 ChemTutor Excalibur software includes chemistry tutorials in each of the following 20 subject areas :1 . Basic Atomic Structure2 . Chemical Nomenclature3 . Chemical Reactions & Equations4 . Mole Calculations5 . Stoichiometry6 . Atomic Theory -LRB- Quantum Theory -RRB- 7 . Periodic Trends8 . The Elements -LRB- Descriptive Chemistry -RRB- 9 . Bonding & Molecular Geometry10 . Gases11 . Interparticle Forces & Phase Changes12 . Solution Chemistry13 . Chemical Thermodynamics14 . Reaction Kinetics15 . Chemical Equilibria16 . Acid / Base Chemistry17 . Oxidation / Reduction Reactions18 . Electrochemistry19 . Nuclear Chemistry20 . Organic Chemistry
 To all out there : ChemTutor Excalibur Edition is a wonderful design . I have worked extensively with it over the last semester . When most students study for an exam they want to do practice problems , work sheets , old exams , etc. . They do not want to re read lecture notes or a book . Chem Tutor provides the most effective way to study . The best way to comprehend a subject area is to do practice problems . Most students can read an entire chapter and they do n't comprehend 1/4 of it . It is boring and tedious . It is not effective . Chem Tutor allows people the opportunity to never have to worry about reading a Chemistry Text again.To those who are not a fan : I do n't see why . No one ever said this program replaces a Lecture or Class . To be clear
 Chemistry is not second nature to me , and my advanced chemistry class was really challenging . In the midst of a group of students that loved it and found everything relatively easy , I found it hard to ask the questions I needed answered , or to suggest review sessions that would useless for my peers . So on a Friday night , a date with my ChemTutor could not have helped more ! The questions are difficult , but not impossible , and if they ever seem to be so , just click on the `` explanation '' button . I never had to feel like I was bothering anyone for help , but could put in the time I needed on chemistry when I needed it . Its fun , its really easy to use -LRB- for the computer illiterate like me -RRB- and has helped me tremdously . I 'm not still going to be a chemist someday , but I 'll always be ChemTutor 's biggest fan .
 As i 'm sure you 've already know judging by the glowing revues on this page , ChemTutor Excaliber is the best chemistry help program I have ever used . As a high school senior this year , my grades on chemistry tests directly correspond with my use of Chemtutor
 This program really , really helped me , when I took chemistry . I was practically failing chem , and when I was put on to ChemTutor , my grade soared . The program allows students to learn the material , and then test themselves on the work , by taking practice tests , that tell you if you are correct or wrong.The program teaches to the SATII in Chemistry , and before I took the test , I studied constantly , and I got a 740 . This program really helps.Thanks
 I would n't say chemistry was my best subject , but with the help of chemtutor , I understood the topics much better . In the quiz format , one can take a tutorial or a practice exam on one or multiple sections of chemistry . The quiz format lets one see how they may be tested on certain ares of a unit . The great thing about chemtutor is that if one feels that they need help on a question , there is a learn button . It shows a question similar to the one that they have been asked and then does it out in detail . Then if I got a question wrong , there is an explanation button where the question is done out in detail and explains why it is done that way . It is very helpful and I would recommend it to anyone who was taking a chemistry class .
 Chem Tutor has personally made this year of Chemistry go by as easily as possible . Not only did it give me a good review for tests , but it also taught me what I did n't understand in class . Chemistry can be a very confusing class , but the way that Chem Tutor explains it , it becomes much clearer . So whether it be used for studying or for a tutoring resouce , it will make your year of chemistry a lot easier .
 I really enjoy chemistry , but I needed a way to get extra problems before a test or after we learned a new topic in class . Enter ChemTutor Excaliber . This program has literally saved my chemistry grade time and time again . I installed it directly to my hard drive and whenever I felt shaky on something that involved chemistry , I would run the program and do a practice test . There are tons of different chemistry topics from which to choose , and all of the questions have very detailed answers if you ca n't figure them out -- so on those times when I could n't do the question , I simply clicked the Learn or Explain button . Not only was it good practice before a quiz , test or even exam , I also learned new things every time I did it . Without this CD my grade would n't be anywhere near what it is right now . Hey , it has the word `` Excaliber '' in it for a reason , if you do it enough , you 're practically invincible ! Buy it , you wo n't be dissapointed .
 A very good program , I take a chemistry advanced course at my highschool , and it has been able to keep me up to date with all of my studies . With its extensive course covering , Chem Tutor Excalibur has been able to teach me everything and review everything I have learned . Using its practice exams and tutorials , it is possible to ace any test , but I have yet to do that . Buy it , it 's worth every cent .
 I would n't say chemistry was my best subject , but with the help of chemtutor , I understood the topics much better . In the quiz format , one can take a tutorial or a practice exam on one or multiple sections of chemistry . The quiz format lets one see how they may be tested on certain ares of a unit . The great thing about chemtutor is that if one feels that they need help on a question , there is a learn button . It shows a question similar to the one that they have been asked and then does it out in detail . Then if I got a question wrong , there is an explanation button where the question is done out in detail and explains why it is done that way . It is very helpful and I would recommend it to anyone who was taking a chemistry class .
 Wow , what a program ! I know you are probubly used to the stories where people say ; I was at a 70 % average before i started using a product , but when i started using it , i magically went up to a 90 % average . Well I 'm not here to feed you that story . Honestly , I am not really a science guy . I like taking easy classes , and playing sports like nost teenagers enjoy doing . At the beginning of the year , I was assigned to Advanced physics . I was in utter shock . After 2 months , I quickly asked for a change . I was put in Honors Chemistry , when i orginally wanted asked to be in regular chemistry . I now missed 2 months of that class , and i needed to catch up in a hurry before my report card which came out in 4 weeks . Unfortunately for me i have a sports commitment every day after school so it was hard to go for extra help . My teacher showed me this cd , which did n't seem like much at the start . After i installed it that night , i started browisng through it . It was so easy to use . Everything was outlined in a very oprganized matter , and the examples ranged from the toughest ones you would possibly see on any test , to the easiest ones which tested you on the basics . By only using this program 20 minutes a night , 2 times a week , i was able to catch up on 2 months of missed work in 2 weeks . Not only that , i no longer have to read boaring textbooks , or study notes . I can just load chemtutor excalibur and study off that for quizzes , tests , and exams . My past couple of tests have all resulted in very respectabe marks . If you are looking for an easy , yet very relaxing way to study chemistry , then you must purchase this program . It is only costs 23.95 $ . Believe me , when you start getting those A 's on your tests you will definetly be proud of your purchase , and you will believe that it was worth every penny of your hard earned money !! Buy Chemtutor Excalibur Today !! Trust me , this program will save you a lot of work , yet you will still produce quality marks in your class .
 I am glad that I got a chance to have Chem Tutor Excalibur this year . Chem Excalibur helped me to learn more stuffs about the subject of matters and to feed back the course . I am now getting good grades on the class by solving problems every night before the tests and quizes . It has many kinds of problems to examine your chem ability . You can also look over the wrongs from explanations and notes . It is very very well-made for you to study by yourself . There is no better chem materials than Excalibur !
 As a student who struggles with the sciences , I was nervous and quite frankly overwhelmed when I began an advanced Chemistry course . I was taught the material in school , but struggled with the memorization and practice rules needed to succeed in such a vigorous course . To help with this , my teacher suggested that I try ChemTutor . I was doubtful that some CD would be able to help me improve in chemistry . Luckily , I was badly mistaken . ChemTutor goes over chemistry section by section and as I tried my first tutorial , I was amazed at how I improved even within my first experience . Each tutorial provides instant feedback on whether you got the question right or not . They also have many different levels of help . If a student is stuck on a problem , they can click the learn button which helps explain the rules used in completing the problem . If one is still unsure how to arrive at the right answer , that individual can hit the explain button which shows you step by step how to complete the problem . While I had to hit a lot of explanations my first time through , I quickly found that the more I practiced , the less I needed the help buttons . When the time for tests came , I selected the semester exam , selected the course matter that the test was on and ChemTutor selected problems from those tutorials for an exam like tutorial without the instant feedback . Now that I am preparing for finals , my most useful study tool is ChemTutor Excalibur . I just select the tutorials in which I feel shaky , and plug away . I am also taking the Chemistry SAT II and ChemTutor also is helping me prepare for that . Chemtutor Excalibur covers all of the subject matter that is covered on the SAT II . Now for my final exam , I am no longer nervous but actually confident with the power of Excalibur -LRB- ChemTutor Excalibur that is -RRB- at my side .
 Chemistry . The science of the composition , structure , properties , and reactions of matter , especially of atomic and molecular systems . For some , chemistry comes very simple ... Some people like to balance equations , name chemical compounds , and decide how many molecules of oxygen there are in magnesium oxide . For those of us , or the vast majority , of people who have difficulties Chem Tutor Excalibur is imperative for our survival.Not only is Chem Tutor easy to use its Learn and Explanation buttons provide a concise dissection of major concepts . Chem Tutor 's tables , diagrams , and definitions are an ideal alternative to dense and wordy text books . I loved that Chem Tutor allows one to study in test simulation mode and a tutorial mode . This allows me to learn with immediate feedback on all my answers and then further reinforce my understanding with a test . I recommend this to anyone currently taking or about to take a chemistry course , especially for those who are struggling . Chem Tutor Excalibur is not just chemistry software , it is an absolute phenomenon .
 This review is not the story of one , but two students were struggling in an advanced Chemistry Course . Neither of them had any idea what was going on in the class , and when they took tests , they got scores ranging from D to ` Other . ' The teacher suggested that they start using ChemTutor Excalibur to study . Reluctantly , the students gave the program a try , in hopes of salvaging their poor grades . Almost immediatley , after using ChemTutor every night a couple nights before each test , their scores jumped into the B range . Their teacher was very impressed . The students were very happy.We have used ChemTutor extensivley this semester , and whenever we spend some time with it before a test , our scores always turn out good . ChemTutor is pretty awesome.A True Story by Read Connolly & Sungkyu Hahn
 Chemistry Tutor is an invaluable tool for anyone taking high school chemistry . Through it 's quizzes and tutorials Chem Tutor helps you learn the basics and need to know information in every area of chemistry . It shows you what you know but more importantly it shows you what you do n't know . With it 's explanation and learn buttons it helps you understand any question you either were struggling on or just completely did n't understand . Its best feature is the practice test and exam sections , where you can pick one or a number of areas of study , and through randomly generated questions it tests you on the specific areas chosen . This is a must have for any chemistry student who wants to excel within their chemistry class .
 ChemTutor helped bring my understanding of chemistry to a much higher level . I did n't fully understand what we were doing in class , so I borrowed my roommate 's copy of ChemTutor and did a few lessons on it , and I actually understood what we did the next day in class . I also aced the next test , thanks to studying with ChemTutor . It is a program I would highly recommend to any chemistry students who want a little extra help . It is well written and will help you to understand the subject at a higher level .
 chem tutor excalibur has helped me greatly this year in chemistry . My grade was a solid C befor i started using this product . As i started using it more and more throughout the week i could see my improvements in the class room . My homework and test average had started to go up.It teaches you the material and then quizes you on it . Its a great tool for learning .
 How many times have you tried to study for a chemistry test , but had a hard time finding a comprehensive review that was fun at the same time ? It was impossible for me until I discovered ChemTutor Excalibur . Now I can study chemistry and not be bored out of my mind like I would be if I had to read a textbook . Not only does it teach the concepts that are vital to success in chemistry , but it also does so in an interactive computer program that actually makes you feel like you are on a game show , but ca n't lose . What I mean by this is , if you get a problem wrong , it doesm ' t just move to the next problem , it gives you the option of reviewing the problem in the `` Learn '' section of the tutorial . ChemTutor helped me with chemistry and it can help you too .
 When I first viewed the chemtutor product I was n't sure if it could actually help me out . After about a week of trying this product nightly I finally realized what a great tool this could be for my knowledge of chemistry . I was n't always understanding all of the material covered in class . Later that night when i went home i would review the chapter that was discussed in class on ChemTutor Excalibur . It really gave me a great understanding of what I was doing . Thanks ChemTutor !
 I used Chemtutor before my last test and i got an A + . It really helped and i recomend it for any chem student .
 I am currently a Chemistry student and I find it to be an extremely hard course . At the beginning of the year I struggled to learn the basic concepts of Chemistry . I had trouble doing my Homework and I performed poorly on tests . After I was introduced to ChemTutor Ecalibur my grades immediately improved . The program teaches chemistry in an easy to understand format with test questions and thorough explanations . I no longer felt lost during class discussions , I could complete my homework with ease , and I felt more comfortable taking tests . I gained a better understanding of the material and began to enjoy chemistry . I recommend ChemTutor Excalibur to anyone taking Chemistry !
 After receiving a C on my Chemistry test I decided to get some additional help so I invested in ChemTutor Excalibur . By using this wonderful tool my future test scores improved tremendously . I finally started to understand chemistry better . My parents were amazed at the improvements of my grades and thought for a `` C '' student like me that it would be impossible to get A 's . I told them it would have been impossible if I did n't have this wonderful product . Also the product is user friendly so a computer illiterate person like myself can easily maneuver around the program . I would reccommend ChemTutor Excalibur to all Chemistry students to improve their knowledge of Chemistry .
 Chemtutor Excalibur is one of the best chemistry tutor programs on the market today . When I first stepped into the class I felt that it would be a tough year , but when I got Chemtutor Excalibur , it made the class a whole lot easier.I understood all of the information that be were doing in class , and i was getting one of the highest grades in the class.I recommend Chemtutor to all the chemistry students from high school to first years in college . It helped me and it will help you a lot .
 I 'm a high school Chemistry student who recently starting using ChemTutor Excalibur . After purchasing this program , I began studying with it religiously because I found that it was a successful program that produced results for me . Chemisrty is unarguably a hard subject , and the vague examples and writing in textbooks ca n't really allow you to grasp the lesson being taught to you . With Chemtutor Excalibur I had the opportunity to quiz myself and practice repeatedly on a wide variety of Chemistry topics and questions , while getting an easy to follow explanation of the topic . ChemTutor Excalibur allows me to learn certain parts of Chemistry by starting with a basic lesson , which develops into a throrough study of the topic I 'm learning , allowing me to take the information in at my own pace . I liked ChemTutor Excalibur a lot , and it has helped me much more than I can say for any other academic computer program . I had fun quizzing myself and watching my knowledge of Chemistry progress before me . Chemistry is a hard subject in general , but not for me anymore .
 Let me start of by saying thank you to the makers of ChemTutor Excalibur . It raised my grade and my understanding of chemistry . I am not a science person , but this software has made me into one . I wish that there was a BiologyTutor Excalibur because , if it 's anything like the ChemTutor Excalibur , it would be an easy A in that class.This software is better than all others in every aspect . When you answer a problem incorrectly , it does n't just say that you are wrong , but it also explains why you are by giving an entire lesson on that one problem . If you 're one of those players who needs alot of practice problems , this is the software for you . It seems like there is an infinite amount of them for every aspect of chemistry . Finally , if you 're not a computer person there is no need to worry . ChemTutor Excalibur is very easy to use , with explanations and complete lessons at a click of a button.All you need is a hunger to learn and ChemTutor Excalibur and you are on your way to an A in your chemistry class .
 This product , is more for high school students . I am currently taking a chemistry class , and this program , seems a little under my program that I 'm taking , but a good refresher .
 I am very happy with this product . I recommend ChemTutor to all who need that extra edge in getting through and understanding a bit more about chemistry .
 Science was the most difficult subject for me . Chem Tutor Excalibur , however , helped me a lot to study Chemistry very easily . Compared to other sources , Chem Tutor has the most understandable explanations that I can get help from . It has the most essential materials that high school students need to learn in Chemistry . It well prepares students for SAT2 Chemistry test as well as other chemistry related testings . It has very brief but core information that students need to know . It is the best source for studying Chemistry ! I strongly recommend to other teenagers who are struggling studying Chemistry = -RRB-
 Chemtutor Excalibur is an interactive learning software that has helped me to succeed beyond belief in my highschool chemistry class . I highly recommend this to any struggling or brilliant chemistry students and for people of all ages . It is a must for studying , quizzing yourself , and acing any chemistry tests thrown your way .
 I am a chemistry student . It is an extremely hard course . Through the first trimester I was struggling and had nowhere to look for help . The concepts were just going in one ear and out the other . Then a fellow student told me to try Chem Tutor Excalibur and I immediately began to reap the benefits . I did it on my own time so I was able to go throguht the matierial at my own pace . Whenever I did n't understand a question I could simply look at the explanation on Chem Tutor and throguh a detailed , easy to understand explanation , Chem Tutor helped me understand all the matierials . I am now more active in class and finally know what we are talking about in class . Chem Tutor has helped me raise my grade significantly . I thoroughly recommed Chem Tutor to anyone looking to raise there grade in biology or just simply get a beter grasp on the matierial . Thank you Chem Tutor !
 I would n't say chemistry was my best subject , but with the help of chemtutor , I understood the topics much better . In the quiz format , one can take a tutorial or a practice exam on one or multiple sections of chemistry . The quiz format lets one see how they may be tested on certain ares of a unit . The great thing about chemtutor is that if one feels that they need help on a question , there is a learn button . It shows a question similar to the one that they have been asked and then does it out in detail . Then if I got a question wrong , there is an explanation button where the question is done out in detail and explains why it is done that way . It is very helpful and I would recommend it to anyone who was taking a chemistry class .
 If you have trouble with Chemistry and learning new concepts , this is the program for you ! All you have to do is sit down and do the program and you will learn chemistry ! This program helps explain programs that you have learned in class and expands your knowledge of chemistry altogether ! An easy prgram to use that works !
 Chem Tutor is an excellent program which helps to enlighten a student in the concepts of chemistry . It helps to further explain and teach concepts that you learn in class . the extra practice and challenging problems increase your proficiency in completing tests.definitely buy it !
 Chemtutor is an awesome program . It can help anyone understand chemistry . It always helped me understand material for a test . The final exam would have been impossible if I had not used Chemtutor . Every chemistry student should use it . It 's awesome .
 Chemtutor is an awesome program . It can help anyone understand chemistry . It always helped me understand material for a test . The final exam would have been impossible if I had not used Chemtutor . Every chemistry student should use it . It 's awesome .
 Being that I am a Junior in high school the difficulty of the chemistry course that I was to take was to be exceedingly difficult . I started the year overwhelmed by the concepts , equations and formulas associated with chemistry . I needed something that could teach me the material out of class that was clear , concise , and user friendly . As soon as I found Chem Tutor Excalibur my grades began to skyrocket . I am only an avid user of my computer but I found Chem Tutor Excalibur so easy to use that I believe anyone can find success using this program !
 After consistantly earning D 's on all of my tests and quizzes , I needed something that would raise my grade . I looked on the internent and would up buying this . This program raised my first term grade of a 68 to a second term grade of a 91 . Amazing ! The format is so simple , so easy to understant , and so easy to use ! Not onyl does this program give me hundreds of sample questions for every test that I have , but it has special `` learn '' and `` explanation '' buttons that teach me everything about that idea , plus give me a specific answer on why the answer is correct . Chem Tutor also has different modes where i can test myself and see how many i got right , to give me an idea of how i will do tomorrow . This is a must have for anyone that takes chemistry .
 Chemtutor Excalibur is excellent software . It helps you to solve chemistry problems , and by raising grades , it solves all of yours ! After running through 2-3 tutorials before a test , my grades have become substantially higher . If I do n't understand a question , I do n't have to worry about calling a friend , hoping that they can explain it to me , or even sift through my notes for hours . There are extremely helpful explanation and learn screens that can explain the information needed perfectly ! Another great quality belonging to Chemtutor is that there are so many questions so that every time you take a test , the questions are different . I would strongly recommend Chemtutor to any up-and-coming chemist out there ! If you need further explanation or guidance -LRB- which I doubt -RRB- , go to www.chemistrylecturenotes.com - another excellent chemistry resource !
 i was not doing so well in chem for the first 2 trimesters . i was real worried about the final but then i got chemtutor . it turned grade around . i just took the final a day ago and i got an 87 . i went from a d in the beggining of the year to an 87 on the final . i reccomend this program to any one struggling in chem .
 Chemistry is certainly the hardest class that high school can offer to its students . Myself i had some difficulties especially with english being my second language . I needed help , so i checked online for some program that could help me succeed in that class . That 's when i found chem tutor Excalibur . The program helped me big time , and since i use it , i have 90 's . Chem tutor has everything that has to be cover . It 's well explained and fun.This program is really worth to look at.Just my 2 cents .
 Wow , what can I say about Chem Tutor Excalibur ? As a sophomore in high school , I struggled early in my Chemistry class . Reviewing daily class notes just was n't doing it for me anymore . When I discovered Chem Tutor Excalibur and started using it , concepts that once seemed convoluted and intricate suddenly appeared effortless for me . Though I experienced many absences due to illnesses throughout the year , the hours of missed class were easily made up with a just a mere glance at my Chem Tutor Excalibur from my house.Its interactive tutorials break down the illusory complex principles of Chemistry , and make them easy to understand for students struggling in Chemistry , or even just looking to check up their day to day skills in their high school or college class . I can remember the many times when the `` Learn '' and `` Explanation '' buttons have saved me from a lesson in which I thought I could never understand . When it comes to Chemistry , I believe we 've all struggled the slightest bit sometime in our learning experiences . Chem Tutor Excalibur will keep you on top of things , and its diagrams and tutorials make it a great way for daily review of Chemistry .
 This program helped boost my grade , it let me understand what nomeclatures really are . If I could use any product to help me with chemistery I would use this . It helped boost my grade well above from what it once was . I give this product of 1-10 rating 10 +
 ChemTutor Excalibur is a great software . It built knowledge and confidence in my study of chemistry . I 've used Excalibur to study for many tests and quizzes , and my grades are improving since I started using it . I made the most improvement in chemical nomenclature , and I 'm currently working with chemical reactions , which is also working very well.I would recommend this tool to all chemistry teachers and students . This is definitely worthwhile to work with and it will significantly improve your grades .
 It is an interactive software that helps students to learn chemistry quicker and easier ! There are practice exams on different topics for those students who are confuse on certain areas . It also has reference list/periodic table on the side when I was doing the practice test , which was very convinient , becoz all the information I need is on the computer screen . Moreover , I find the detailed explainations for each question very helpful , becoz it tells me what I do wrong instead of just giving me the correct answer.It is very useful and everyone should get one !!!
 Good morning , afternoon , evening , whatever it may be . My name is Rob , although Robert to my chemistry teacher Mr. Wicks ; a formality only he is allowed enjoy . I 'm an aspiring chemistry student under , very fortunately , Mr. Wicks . Unfortunately however , chemistry is not one of my better subjects . In fact , whether it be from double dissociatioin to organic chemistry , I 'm pretty hopeless . But to my , my peer 's , and my teddy bear 's relucatant astonishment , I seem to manage . Although my success I owe wholeheartedly to this program . It 's facility , it 's convenience , it 's ingenuity ; I ca n't reccommend this program higher . The tutorials prepare you for anything the subject has to offer , and the tests assess your comprehension while offering you the option check back and learn from your mistakes.If you struggle , stress , or loath chemistry , heed my words : Chemtutor will change your life , one tutorial at a time.Your fellow Chemist , Rob
 This product is a must have for any aspiring chemistry student . Be it rudimentary or advanced chemsitry , Chemtutor Excalibur will help increase your grades , like it did mine . Every night before a test I use this program and as a result , my overall performance on tests has increased . It makes learning and getting explanations to problems you do n't understand very easy , and useful references keep all the information you need at your reach . The format and design makes it very easy to use and is not confusing in the least . If you are trying to find a way to do better on your chemistry tests , this program is a must have .
 ChemTutor Excalibur is such a brilliant tool for anyone trying to learn chemistry it is almost unfathomable . With it 's practice exams , tutorials , and detailed explanations of every problem , its an extremely helpful learning tool . It helped me study and do well on my test , and be satisfied with my performance , it builds confidence in one 's abilities as a chemist , while strenghthening your skills in many aspects of chemistry . In ChemTutor Excalibur , a multitude of material is covered , and the explanations help you understand all the aspects of the problems . ChemTutor Excalibur is extraordinary , and I would reccomend it to anyone , who wants to strengthen their chemistry skills and build confidence!I was struggling in my Chemistry I class , and I was worried about my upcoming test . I used ChemTutor , and was able to get a good grade , and all my qualms were immediately put to rest . ChemTutor is a wonderfully put-together program , and extremely helpful , and I would again , reccomend it to anyone !!! It is the best , and the most helpful learning tool that I have ever used .
 My daughter is in tenth grade and started preparing for chemistry over the summer . She has raved about this product not only helping her to study , but making chemistry enjoyable as well . She currently has an `` A '' in chemistry . This product is well worth the money .
 It is difficult to describe Whizfolders as it is such a versatile software that people probably use it in many different ways . I bought it originally to serve as a kind of wiki tool , so I can hyperlink my research notes to each other and also directly to relevant files on my hard drive , in order to build a central database for my writing project . Although it can accomplish those tasks perfectly well , I ended up using it mainly as a research tool and a drafting tool.At the heart of it Whizfolders is a two-pane hierarchical outliner , so at its most basic level one can use it simply to brainstorm , capture ideas , reorganise them into an outline , and write the final text . Whizfolders provides all the tools from start to finish for the writing process -LRB- including the production of a hyperlinked e-book -RRB- . I do n't use it for all the writing steps -LRB- I still use another single-pane outliner for creating a clean final outline and I write the final document in Word -RRB- , however for the interim steps Whizfolders has become an essential tool.My work flow with Whizfolders goes like this . I capture notes from PDF files and websites by using Whizfolders ' `` Watch Clipboard '' function , which pastes anything that is copied from elsewhere directly into a Whizfolders note . Within Whizfolders I can then add my comments , create new notes , develop my ideas further , until a large amount of structured information has been developed . This is where the hierarchical outliner becomes very helpful , as it is very easy to move the notes around , indent them , hyperlink them and collapse complex branches . I would particularly recommend Whizfolders to those working on large projects such as books or doctoral dissertations , as it allows you to build the overall structure and at the same time to drill down to specific details.It is also a highly customizable software , as it lets you rearrange and simplify the toolbars and gives you a number of options regarding the windows where you want to do the editing work . It of course has all the editing capabilities of the usual word processor , however provides a lot more control over the logical structure of the document than Microsoft Word . All in all , I am very impressed with Whizfolders . I use it every day and I ca n't imagine how else I would be able to deal with the complexity of my writing project . It has become my central database for all my ideas .
 This product is very superior over prior versions.It plays back your text in your own voice.My accuracy has improved in Dragon NaturallySpeaking 9 over other previous versions I have used . Having been familiar with prior programs voice to text , it was easy to implement.It was a good investment.The product came promptly , and with no hassles .
 I travel quite a bit and am able to use the digital recorder to take notes while driving . It has saved me a lot of time and works well .
 The Dragon 9 product lines is the best speech recognition software on the market . The Dragon 9 mobile software is just as easy , and faster to use . It is 5 times faster than using the keypad . This product will allow your employee 's to speak naturally to help your customers . Just a great product .
 I purchased Dragon NaturallySpeaking speech recognition softwareDragon NaturallySpeaking 9 Preferred Mobilebecause Microsoft forced me to upgrade to Office 2007 . I was perfectly satisfied with the speech recognition software included in Office 2003 and was intending to use the improved version in Office 2007 . Fortunately for me Microsoft took the speech recognition out of Office and put it in Vista , which requires 2 GB RAM . Ouch ! That would require a brand-new machine for me ; my machine can only handle 1 GB RAM . By paying $ 160 for the Dragon I got a much better speech program * and * a hand-held digital voice notetaker . I also saved myself $ 3000 as I did not have to buy an all new machine and software for Vista ; I can stay with XP until they get the kinks worked out . I love you Bill Gates - you really know how to push me to the good stuff !
 I 'm using this product to write the review that you 're reading right here . I ca n't sing enough praises about it . I 'm an Internet marketer , and also a ghostwriter . So as you can imagine , I do a lot of typing.I absolutely love Dragon Naturally Speaking 9 preferred mobile version . I can sit back and just talking to my microphone and bang out far more content than I ever did before.In this review alone , I have n't had the correct one single thing . And it 's only been one day that I 've had it.I will be recommending this product to everyone I know . I 'm only mad at myself for not buying it earlier.Tiff : - -RRB-
 I have the multi-language version of this software , which includes Spanish , Italian , French and German . So I 'm reviewing each single-language version as well so those shopping for language-learning software will know exactly what to expect from this.Before You Know It uses the flashcard method of teaching vocabulary four ways . Words and phrases are divided into lists by category . User selects a list then goes to the activity of choice to learn the contents of that list . There are a few more activities available in the Deluxe version that the free trial version does n't have , but both versions use virtual flashcards the following way : Step 1 - Look at the foreign word and take a guess -LRB- out loud or in your head - it does n't matter because the software trusts you to tell it if you answered correctly -RRB- . The program will also say the word so you know the proper pronunciation.Step 2 - Look at the foreign word and type in it in English in the space provided . Here you do n't get to cheat , because it can tell if your correct or not . The ones you need work on will repeat more often.Step 3 - Look at the English word and guess the foreign one . Again , it will trust you to be honest.Step 4 - Look at the English word and type in the foreign one . This has been the most helpful of all the steps for me , because not only do I have to know the word by now , I have to know how to spell it correctly and include any necessary accent marks.All of the above you can get with the basic version of Before You Know It that is available to download for free via the internet . Why not try it out before you purchase the deluxe version?With the deluxe version , you get more four more activities which include multiple choice , pronunciation practice where you can record your voice and compare your pronunciation with a native speaker -LRB- warning
 This software consists of many Spanish vocabulary & phrase lists categorized by subject . Once you select a list , you learn via an interactive flash card program that provides four different ways of studying the words or phrases . The program keeps `` score '' and will automatically show cards for words you need to work on more often . A pleasant voice will pronouce the word or phrase for you as well so you can learn the correct pronunciation.What is especially cool is that you can also create your own lists and add them to the program . The lists can be for ANYTHING you want to study and you can categorize lists by subject . You can even record sound to go with the flash card and add hints.I think this is a great Spanish learning program and the `` add your own '' flash card feature alone makes it worth the buy - especially for students !
 This program uses the flashcard method of teaching vocabulary four ways . Words and phrases are divided into lists by category . User selects a list then goes to the activity of choice to learn the contents of that list . There are a few more activities available in the Deluxe version that the free trial version does n't have , but both versions use virtual flashcards the following way : Step 1 - Look at the Spanish word and take a guess -LRB- out loud or in your head - it does n't matter because the software trusts you to tell it if you answered correctly -RRB- . The program will also say the word so you know the proper pronunciation.Step 2 - Look at the Spanish word and type in it in English in the space provided . Here you do n't get to cheat , because it can tell if your correct or not . The ones you need work on will repeat more often.Step 3 - Look at the English word and guess the Spanish one . Again , it will trust you to be honest.Step 4 - Look at the English word and type in the Spanish one . This has been the most helpful of all the steps for me , because not only do I have to know the word by now , I have to know how to spell it correctly and include any necessary accent marks.All of the above you can get with the basic version of Before You Know It that is available to download for free via the internet , just as the other reviewer here mentioned . I agree with him/her that you should try it out before you purchase the deluxe version.With the deluxe version , you get more four more activities which include multiple choice , pronunciation practice where you can record your voice and compare your pronunciation with a native speaker -LRB- warning
 This software is a basic flashcard vocabulary driller . It 's nothing fancy , but it does include a fair amount of vocabulary , and it gives you the ability to make your own lists with as many or as few features -LRB- sounds , pictures , etc. -RRB- as you want . It also allows you to edit the existing lists , so you can add personal notes to included vocabulary.My only real beef against this program is that the vocab lists just are n't that big , esp . for $ 50 -LRB- well , $ 40 if you get on Transparent 's email list and buy through that -RRB- . It 's only got about twice the vocab of the trial version of the program.If you 're an aspiring polyglot and you 're looking to use it for multiple languages , my personal suggestion is to buy a single copy and then just make your own vocab lists for every language after the second . The only disadvantage to this is that you wo n't get the pronunciation , but there are some excellent audio dictionaries available out there which should more than make up for this deficiency.All in all , not a bad buy .
 I have the multi-language version of this software , which includes Spanish , Italian , French and German . So I 'm reviewing each single-language version as well so those shopping for language-learning software will know exactly what to expect from this.Before You Know It uses the flashcard method of teaching vocabulary four ways . Words and phrases are divided into lists by category . User selects a list then goes to the activity of choice to learn the contents of that list . There are a few more activities available in the Deluxe version that the free trial version does n't have , but both versions use virtual flashcards the following way : Step 1 - Look at the foreign word and take a guess -LRB- out loud or in your head - it does n't matter because the software trusts you to tell it if you answered correctly -RRB- . The program will also say the word so you know the proper pronunciation.Step 2 - Look at the foreign word and type in it in English in the space provided . Here you do n't get to cheat , because it can tell if your correct or not . The ones you need work on will repeat more often.Step 3 - Look at the English word and guess the foreign one . Again , it will trust you to be honest.Step 4 - Look at the English word and type in the foreign one . This has been the most helpful of all the steps for me , because not only do I have to know the word by now , I have to know how to spell it correctly and include any necessary accent marks.All of the above you can get with the basic version of Before You Know It that is available to download for free via the internet . Why not try it out before you purchase the deluxe version?With the deluxe version , you get more four more activities which include multiple choice , pronunciation practice where you can record your voice and compare your pronunciation with a native speaker -LRB- warning
 we 've been using dvdx copy for about a year and some of the problems that we 've encountered are1 -RRB- it will not copy scratched dvd 's . an error mssg will appear which reads , `` trouble reading sectors `` 2 -RRB- it will often get to 99 % of caching the dvd - about one hour into the process and then read some error mssg3 -RRB- it has a glich in the software - for step two of the process - -LRB- after it 's done caching the original source dvd -RRB- if you insert the blank cd to copy and click `` start '' too soon it will often burn one line onto the blank dvd -LRB- rendering it un usable -RRB- and then say `` burn complete ! '' - wasting more than just the dvd - also an hour of your time ! - if you wait about two to three minutes before clicking start this usually does n't happen though .
 I just bought this program and had no problem activating it !! It is so easy to use and I have had absolutely no problem copying any of the movies I have tried . I would recommend this program to everyone !!
 I purchased this software , and after reading the reviews some people posted , I 'm puzzled as to how they can not get the ripper to work . I copy DVD movies w/o any trouble , and I do n't consider myself very computer jargon literate . Most people should n't have much difficulty with this program and you will enjoy the satisfaction of replicated DVD 's just in case something happens to your original copy .
 if you ca n't operate this program , then you need help . you do n't need to even be on a computer . it 's got a simple layout with easy-to-understand buttons and instructions ! you ca n't go wrong . why do you think hollywood fought to get this thing off the market ?!?!?!
 You can not go wrong with this piece of equipment ! There is not a single DVD out there I have n't be able to back-up . Like a previous reviewer mentioned , if it did n't work , why was Hollywood same darn intent on removing it from the shelves ? Get a clue !
 Leaders in the fight for fair use of digital media , 321 studios was court ordered to remove the ripper part of this software . A simple internet search will produce a patch giving you full ability to back up all of your DVD 's , copy protected or not . visit 321 's web site for more on the fight for fair use .
 this program is FANTASTIC ! you can copy just about ANY movie you want . i 've yet to come across a movie yet that i have n't been able to conquer . activation is still possible despite 321 being out of business . i had a friend install it on his cpu and worked fine . the program works wonders .
 Why are they morons you may ask ? Well they probebly bought the wrong kind of dvd rs , there are two kinds + R and - R and the corresponding - RW + RW . They probly bought + Rs and have a - R recorder , or vica versa . There are ones that do both , but most people get one that does one or the other . Or they own an old DVD RAM . So please do n't listen to them . This is a great product and has worked great on everything , except for discs that only contain special features , which I am told there is a way to do those as well , just need to do this thing called call up tech support . It 's 24 hour and they are helpful , I had the problem of using dvd - rs in my + r recorder . Easy as pie to remedy and all it takes is intelligence and patience .
 Have had the older version of this and loved it , but my new printer wasnt supported . So I bit the bullet and purchased this and am more then pleased . The only drawback , and it is very minor is the time it takes to scann the color chart . My old unit had a scanner that did it for you . This is a reader that you have to click on every color individually with . With the accurate setting that is a lot of clicks ! Sure works well , and very good results so it is worth it , but budget LOTS of time for each paper .
 Exactly as advertised , meets my needs and expectations . I us this product on a regular basis because it makes me do a great job of editing and making CDs .
 I use this product to play an ARRL news letter during one of the Amateur Radio -LRB- HAM -RRB- nets I do here in Hayward , CA . The repeater will time out in about 3 minutes as well as I have to ID every 5 minutes . Using this program to view the MP3 file as it is playing I can see the brakes coming up for me to stop to ID and release the repeater momentarily . Terry - WB6TA
 I bought the item with reservations about being able to activate it . I had read two reviews that had been posted . I decided to go with information that I had read on the Internet . There were no problems activating the product and have had no problems backing up my dvd 's .
 It copys everything I 've ever put in to copy . I have the old copy so I hope this one will do as good or better ? Greg L
 If this package contained only the software it would still be one of the best tools for creating professional quality videos you could get at any price . However , it also comes with two items that seem simple , but dramatically increase the value and utility of this package . The microphone that ships with it will make sure that your audio sounds professional and does not pick up ambient background noise . The real -LRB- dare I say `` serious '' -RRB- magic comes from the foldable green backdrop that lets you project backgrounds against your subjects in the video . Using this bit of magic you can do a video of grandchildren in California , but make it seem as though they are playing in front of the Pyramids or Taj Mahal.While the green screen and microphone are professional touches , the real magic is in the software , which is a self contained environment for creating videos - not merely editing them . I love the templates that provide a ` program format ' such as news , the animated backgrounds , and stock video and sound clips.Creating a video CD requires a CD ROM writer and video CD software -LRB- I use EZ CD Creator , but most other CD ROM writing software has this capability - you need to check before you buy however -RRB- . Visual Communicator produces AVI files , which can be streamed across the internet or placed on a CD ROM for replay.The package also includes a 130-page book titled `` Personal Broadcasting Handbook '' that is filled with tips and techniques.You 'll need the following minimum hardware and software to install and use the software
 I purchased VC Plus after reading about it 's various awards . It truely does what it claims . I bought the Logitech Pro 4000 webcam to use with it at the same time . Installing both products , configuring the camera , setting up proper lighting -LRB- two 500-watt halogens from my garage bouncing light off the ceiling -RRB- , and tweaking the green-screen background effects took about two hours altogether . After that , wow ! Recording professional broadcast videos on my PC -LRB- Athlon 1600XP with 512MB RAM , GeForce 2 400MX , and WinXP Pro -RRB- is easy and fast . Honestly . I 'm recording a series of training videos for clinical microbiology students . Incorporating PowerPoint slides -LRB- as JPEGs -RRB- and shot video from a DV camcorder is easy . Adding screen shots of Windows apps -LRB- alt + PrtScn -RRB- is also easy -LRB- use Paint to save to JPEG first -RRB- . All this content can be set to trigger during broadcast recording with various transition effects -LRB- they give you tons of effects to use -RRB- . You can rehearse as often as you like , then do a recording . After that , you then publish the recording in either AVI or Windows Media format -LRB- I strongly suggest using Windows Media format -RRB- ; you can use third party apps to convert an AVI-published broadcast to Real or QuickTime formats , but I found the Windows Media format to give the smoothest and sharpest display with excellent compression . Why bother with anything else ? Soon the SeriousMagic website will offer an upgrade to allow recording in Windows Media 9 format -LRB- which is absolutley unbelieveable in quality and compression -RRB- . The VC Plus package microphone worked fine , but I suggest laying the included green-screen fabric on the floor and placing books on it to reduce the fold creases , otherwise fine lines will appear in your recorded background . There is a new -LRB- 11/02 -RRB- VC Pro version available only on the SM website , but the extra cost -LRB- double -RRB- did not justify the price for my needs right now . VC Plus gives you everything you need to make terrific training or announcement videos for any purpose . Wonderful stuff . Also included is an Alpha GC Titling editor that you can use to create your own broadcast-quality screen titles and text -LRB- if you do n't like the numerous included ones -RRB- . The manual is great , but I wish some extra `` advanced '' tutorials were included or available on their website ... I 'm already moving beyond `` novice mode '' . Gone are the days of tedious video editing . You can add MP3s and WAV music clips anywhere along the broadcast . Truely nifty . The SM website has loads of sample videos to watch before you decide to buy . VC more than delivers as promised . By the way , I do n't work for the company ... I work for a rather large medical center in Los Angeles .
 What , no more story boards ? You got it ! This bad boy does all the work for you -LRB- or just about -RRB- . Using something like a teleprompter on one side to narrate and visual on the other , complete with its own green screen -LRB- for background effects -RRB- and microphone you 'll be making your own production in minutes , and I mean minutes . The kids even use this for that added something special presentation for school reports / science fair demos etc. . What FUN !! A must have ...
 This software is awesome . You can make a professional video without editing . I 've always been a fan of blue screen and green screen effects . When I saw this on the back of a magazine , I new I had to have it . This comes with a big green screen , which I use to make fake weather reports . I 'm only 11 , and I could figure out how to work this thing . It is a must have for any aspiring movie directors . I really recommend this product .
 If ever there was a killer application looking for a market , this is it . Visual Communicator has business and personal uses that will allow anyone with the right equipment and a touch of creativity to make compelling presentations in the business environment and send greetings to friends and relatives that are far beyond what one can do with paper . It 's also useful for proposals , training and just about any other use that will be enhanced by visual communication.What it does
 The visual communicator by Serious Magic really is an impressing amount of power and special effects . THis program can make amazing stuff and can even look better than some new stations . I totally recommend this product .
 The Ellis Island Experience is an amazing , informative and fun educational software developed by SouthPeak Interactive in collaboration with The State of Liberty-Ellis Island Foundation , Inc. and The History Channel . This comprehensive , interactive , 365-year chronicle of American immigration offers a wealth of information and images that take full advantage of the Windows 95/98 formatted CD-ROM , including interactive video segments allowing users to undergo the immigration experience for themselves ! . Hosted by Robert Siegel , the web-enabled CD-ROM also connects to a website available only to users of The Ellis Island Experience and offers Search and Print capabilities for text , images , and transcripts . The Ellis Island Experience is ideal for classroom and homeschool use , and would make an invaluable , popular addition to personal and community library educational software collections as well .
 Times sure have changed . When I was growing up we could read a book , or see a film or listen to a teacher explain something . Now , however , in addition to all these ways of learning , CD-Roms have been added to the mix . Not as a substitute , of course , but as an enhancement . This kind of software makes an excellent gift for children , for families , and for history buffs who just ca n't get enough . It 's fun to just click a mouse and hear the sights and sounds of the experience of the millions of people who arrived America through Ellis Island from 1892 to 1954 . It takes a full two hours to view this CD if a person would view it all at once , but of course it can be returned to again and again . There 's a lot of information here , but , more than that , it is an experience . We hear the sound of the steamship whistles , we see rare films and photos of the immigrants , we listen to oral histories , learn about the Old World and its political upheavals , the challenges the immigrants faced , the whole story of immigration.Perhaps it was the intent of the program , but I found it impossible to view this in a logical order . I just clicked away in a variety of areas which kept opening up to deeper and deeper layers of historical fact and insight . Some of it could be absorbed quickly , such as the wonderfully interactive portion where a short re-enacted film shows immigrants walking up to inspectors . The viewer can vote `` yes '' or `` no '' and then see what the actual outcome would likely be . There are other parts though that require a lot of reading and patience.There is always something new to learn and even though I think I know a lot about Ellis Island , I must say that I learned some new facts , especially since the easy navigation on this software allowed me to click on the things that interested me the most . The one thing I did n't like about the program was the musical score in the background which I found brooding and distracting . Please understand though that I 'm a person who complains about background classical music in restaurants.I am definitely enthusiastic about this CD-Rom and recommend it highly . And for those of you who might never have tried a CD as an educational tool before , I say `` Try it ; you 'll like it . ''
 SOHO -LRB- Small Office , Home Office -RRB- Labels and Envelopes by Chronos is a great way to design and print professional looking labels , envelopes , and letterhead with your Mac OS X.It comes on 2 CDs and requires a G3 or higher , running 10.2 or later -LRB- 10.3 or later to use vector clip art -RRB- , 30 MB of available disk space -LRB- 1.2 GB for full clip art collection -RRB- , and prints very well on ink jet or laser printers.I installed this software on an iMac G4 running 10.3 Panther . The installation process was very simple - just click on the installation icon . Although some of the features are easy to figure out , I discovered I needed to print the user 's guide from the help menu . Even though it consists of 79 pages , I found it to be most helpful.This software comes with over 13,000 photographs and clip art graphics , 50 Bitstream fonts in Post Script format , and many professional ready-made designs for labels , envelopes , or letterhead . It is compatible with most label and envelope stocks from Avery and others . You can make address labels , file folder labels , multi-use labels , disk labels , audio labels , video labels , name badges , and more - all with ease.The thing I like most about this software is that it integrates with Mac OS X Address Book and iPhoto . This feature makes it simple to address your long list of Christmas cards . I have used other software for making labels but none had the vast amount of features that SOHO provides . With iPhoto and over 13,000 graphics available , you can design and customize labels and envelopes unique to you . For example , with iPhoto I found it easy to make Christmas gift tags that have a picture of the recipient on the tag.With so many features available , this software should be ideal for the small business owner . Need to make inventory barcode labels , warning labels , product labels , raffle tickets , business labels , etc ? With SOHO Labels & Envelopes you can do all this plus much more . With the features included , you can design and customize labels , envelopes , and letterhead like the professionals and pocket the savings . Although I am not a business owner , I plan to get a lot of use from this piece of software .
 Once I figured out how to use it , I found this product fairly powerful in its ability to generate labels . I especially liked the ability to edit individual labels once generated . The program is pretty flexible although I was dismayed at the number of features that it lacked such as allowing access to every single Address Book field -LRB- it only lets you use Spouse Name but not Friend or Assistant , for example -RRB- . There are other features that are found in Microsoft Word 's label applet that are more powerful , such as using Boolean logic to be able to generate more complete labels . Of course , if Pages , AppleWorks or even -LRB- God forbid -RRB- Address Book had a real label making feature , there would be no need to shell out the extra bucks for this program!Now , my real complaint , which is about the company . They put out two products - Labels & Envelopes and Business Cards . Clearly they are both the same product with only subtle differences , such as the templates that they come with . Business Cards does not even allow access to the Address Book , other than one 's own personal entry -LRB- even though they imply that they do -RRB- . They should combine both products into one and maybe charge a little more than the cost of one for it.A good product that does do this is Print Explosion but unfortunately it does not access Address Book .
 Having just opened the program with the intension of doing my Christmas mailing list as a test for the AAUG review , I have to say that I failed miserably . For one thing the program was much more complicated than I had assumed . I wanted to get a quick and dirty mailing list created with little time investment . First I was not able to transfer my Excel list into Labels although the program interacts with Mac 's Address Book flawlessly . In order to transfer my tab delineated files I will need to `` fix them up '' a bit . I did n't find this information in the Users Guide until page 55 . Bah , so much for easy . It is going to take me a fair amount of upfront time to be able to use this program in the way that I would like . In fact I 'll probably have to print out the entire 67 page User Guide to get me where I would like to go.Viewing this program from a more creative viewpoint rather than a strictly utilitarian perspective , it can be fairly straightforward to create letterheads , envelopes , mailing labels and all sorts of other tags and labels . The program comes with many pre-assembled designs and clip art options . In a little bit of time and some instructions from the help manual , great things can be done . Once the user gets the confidence to roam around a bit in the program pictures and artwork can be imported to really customize the project . I do like having the taps for graphics , text , etc on the side of the design page . It makes the design process easier . The output can be a truly professional looking creation.The program is versatile and incorporates all label and envelope stocks from the major producers . If that does n't suit the need the user can create a label of whatever dimensions are necessary . I was impressed and inspired with the web site listing of products that can be made from this program
 Excellent learning tool . Lots to do , much learning for the little ones . Installs and runs on both my Vista and XP computers with no trouble . Perfect for homeschooling . Buy this AND Reader Rabbit Reading 4-6 . Two entirely different but both wonderful games . Also buy Reader Rabbit Reading 6-9 . That 's the next level.I own a ton of reading games . Reader Rabbit is by far the best .
 Bought for my niece to use w her four yr old and they both find it engaging . She feels it has helped her daughter move to next stage of reading .
 Money 2007 is excellent software for home and small business finances.I highly recommend the product .
 The best easy to use . My tax guy says you have everything you need to save you the most money . The `` q '' do n't work good . I have tried 3 versions of `` q '' it never works good.Be smart ! It 's saves money and time ! It 's also will help you with your future .
 I am very pleased with my purchase . It is just what I needed to do our Office work and then with the Home . I have always been happy with my purchases from Amazon.com . I will use them again when I need something else
 I have used Money for about eight years for my home and small business and it works very well .
 I 've used MS Money for Small Business since 2004 . It works great for me . I own a sandwich franchise -LRB- the # 1 sub shop in the world -RRB- and a cigar store . At first I used Quickbooks Pro 2003 , but it was not very compatible with online banking -LRB- maybe they 've improved it , but I 'm not going to try it until MS Money stops working for me -RRB- . I needed software that would effortlessly import data from my online bank and MS Money has been a godsend . I have up to six months to update my checking account by downloading the information from online and the download is free . When I used Quickbooks online banking , my same bank charged me $ 15 a month for that service . It does n't matter how many times I 've downloaded information for a given period , MS Money is smart enough to know what has already been downloaded and not make duplicate entries . I 've never had a problem reconciling my account with MS Money , with Quickbooks Pro it was a mouse clicking nightmare . MS Money imports the data seamlessly and all I have to do is verify the categorization of each entry by hitting accept . Quickbooks was far more cumbersome . At tax time , all I have to do is create profit and loss reports and give them to my accountant . I am buying 2007 because I do payroll online now too , and my bank has a direct export to MS Money 2007 option that will make things even easier . Right now I have to export as a QIF file and import . 2007 will import the download directly . It does suck that you have to keep upgrading these financial software programs every few years , but they all do it and MS Money is way cheaper than Quickbooks Pro . Believe me , $ 60 every few years is nothing to keep track of your business , my accountant costs me 20 times that . I may try Quickbooks Pro in the future , but for my small business needs , I do n't see it anytime soon . I have a hard time believing the highly negative reviews of this product . Some people may be bothered that I 'm commenting before I actually buy the product , but I use 2005 now and for what I do I already know this program will work . I will write a subsequent review if it does n't work out , you can bet on that .
 Very intuitive , solid backend DB and internal backup . I switched from quicken 5 years ago and never went back .
 Dr. T 's Sing-a-long `` Kid 's Classics `` My grandchildren loved this from the time they were 9 months old -LRB- sitting on my lap -RRB- until about age 6 . What other software would cover such an age span ? The music and singing are not tiresome for an adult to listen to . The quality is excellent . Unfortunately , we 've all progressed beyond windows 95 so the newest grandchild can not benefit from this great program .
 As a marketing guy , I 'm very familiar with the legendar Maxwell Company , so I was interested in looking at this CD ROM from a historical perspective . I 'm glad I did because it answers a lot of questions that young marketing guys have - i.e. how do you sell a product if you do n't want to use television.Of course , back in this time there was no TV so marketing guys had to figure it out . They do so very well , using everything from skywriting to baloons to billboards . I love how creative some of the campaigns are .
 I have the multi-language version of this software , which includes Spanish , Italian , French and German . So I 'm reviewing each single-language version as well so those shopping for language-learning software will know exactly what to expect from this.Before You Know It uses the flashcard method of teaching vocabulary four ways . Words and phrases are divided into lists by category . User selects a list then goes to the activity of choice to learn the contents of that list . There are a few more activities available in the Deluxe version that the free trial version does n't have , but both versions use virtual flashcards the following way : Step 1 - Look at the foreign word and take a guess -LRB- out loud or in your head - it does n't matter because the software trusts you to tell it if you answered correctly -RRB- . The program will also say the word so you know the proper pronunciation.Step 2 - Look at the foreign word and type in it in English in the space provided . Here you do n't get to cheat , because it can tell if your correct or not . The ones you need work on will repeat more often.Step 3 - Look at the English word and guess the foreign one . Again , it will trust you to be honest.Step 4 - Look at the English word and type in the foreign one . This has been the most helpful of all the steps for me , because not only do I have to know the word by now , I have to know how to spell it correctly and include any necessary accent marks.All of the above you can get with the basic version of Before You Know It that is available to download for free via the internet . Why not try it out before you purchase the deluxe version?With the deluxe version , you get more four more activities which include multiple choice , pronunciation practice where you can record your voice and compare your pronunciation with a native speaker -LRB- warning
 This program provides a computer flash card system with foreign language vocabulary . You progress through a series of repetitive drills , first recognizing the foreign word , then responding with the typed English word , then seeing the English and recognizing the foreign language word , and finally typing the foreign word . It really does work ; words you miss are repeated more frequently , and in my experience the relatively short , categorized vocabulary lists are easy to master.The deluxe version adds multiple choice drills and a speech recognition function to check your pronunciation , as well as illustrations on the English side of some cards - you can add your own illustrations to the many cards that do n't have them . But to me the most interesting part of the program is the ability to create your own lists to drill any subject you like - math , history facts , whatever - not just more foreign language vocabulary.That said , the product is a bit pricey , especially considering a free simpler version can be downloaded at -LSB- ... -RSB- . Try that first and see if you truly want the more varied features . And buyer beware - the Latin version available from the manufacturer is really ridiculously overpriced and has far fewer vocabulary words than the other languages , despite its deceptive description.Try the free version , then consider if you want the other features on this one . It may be worth it to just have this many languages already set up in lists , with sound from native speakers . Do n't buy it for the pictures - most of the cards do n't have them . And try before you buy .
 This program uses the flashcard method of teaching vocabulary four ways . Words and phrases are divided into lists by category . User selects a list then goes to the activity of choice to learn the contents of that list . There are a few more activities available in the Deluxe version that the free trial version does n't have , but both versions use virtual flashcards the following way : Step 1 - Look at the foreign word and take a guess -LRB- out loud or in your head - it does n't matter because the software trusts you to tell it if you answered correctly -RRB- . The program will also say the word so you know the proper pronunciation.Step 2 - Look at the foreign word and type in it in English in the space provided . Here you do n't get to cheat , because it can tell if your correct or not . The ones you need work on will repeat more often.Step 3 - Look at the English word and guess the foreign one . Again , it will trust you to be honest.Step 4 - Look at the English word and type in the foreign one . This has been the most helpful of all the steps for me , because not only do I have to know the word by now , I have to know how to spell it correctly and include any necessary accent marks.All of the above you can get with the basic version of Before You Know It that is available to download for free via the internet , just as the other reviewer here mentioned . I agree with him/her that you should try it out before you purchase the deluxe version.With the deluxe version , you get more four more activities which include multiple choice , pronunciation practice where you can record your voice and compare your pronunciation with a native speaker -LRB- warning
 I bought this product two months ago to be able to backup my DVD movies and especially my episodic discs . I tried using 321 studios DVD X Copy but that did n't work very well for my copy of the Simpsons . Copyware worked brilliantly on it . There were a few technical glitches at first -LRB- I 'm using Windows 98 -RRB- , but the Redxpress support people were on top of it . They 've made fixes available for download from their website . Now the product works great and I have n't had any problems whatsoever with it .
 I have used many more complex methods of making backups . such as dvd shrink , decrypter etc. as most users of those compression ariented programs are now finding out wiht better and bgger televisions , you can really see the loss and artifacts from the compression.DVD Copywareis the best solution . it does n't alter the actual film at all . not one bit . a perfect copy.What it does is span across two disks , but get this , it keeps the menu structure so you also have all you extras through the menu as well as all you language tracks . -LRB- ... -RRB- Lastly I have probably backed up 100 dvds with copyware . I know from long experiece that the few complaints below that the people having problems do n't even understand their burners and probably have hardware problems that have nothing to do with with this software -- which works flawlessly -- and easily!As far as support the redxpress support is top notch . I have had the occassional question and all have been answered .
 I have used all the freeware -LRB- shrink , decrypter , etc. -RRB- and also other commercial programs like dvdxcopy -LRB- twice the price -RRB- . Of 50 dvd 's copied with dvd copyware only one has had a problem . that is way way better than all other programs.what I like about dvd copyware is that you do n't need to spend an enormous amount of time with user intervention which require knowledge about each disk 's idiosyncracies as well as how dvd 's are put toghether . Or use a second program to then burn your results . With DVD copyware you just point and click and it takes care of everything . If I am going to spend an hour with another program I am not saving anything.As far as updates , there have been about one a month , easily downloadable free from their website . That is natural given how many differnet types of dvd 's and hardware there are out there.If you have any experience with programs like dvd shrink you know you have to consult a weboard of copiers to find out what special treatment you have to give to many complex dvd 's as well.All in all this is an excellent and simple timesaver and it works very well .
 I have used many more complex methods of making backups . such as dvd shrink , decrypter etc. as most users of those compression ariented programs are now finding out wiht better and bgger televisions , you can really see the loss and artifacts from the compression.DVD Copywareis the best solution . it does n't alter the actual film at all . not one bit . a perfect copy.What it does is span across two disks , but get this , it keeps the menu structure so you also have all you extras through the menu as well as all you language tracks . When the compression oriented programs came out blank dvd 's were $ 4 to $ 2 a peice . Top quality blanks are now $ 0.40 , so for $ 0.80 total you do n't have to comprosmise and get the problems of compression.Lastly I have probably backed up 100 dvds with copyware . I know from long experiece that the few complaints below that the people having problems do n't even understand their burners and probably have hardware problems that have nothing to do with with this software -- which works flawlessly -- and easily!As far as support the redxpress support is top notch . I have had the occassional question and all have been answered .
 I first bought this puzzle 10 years ago and liked it very much . You not only built the structure , but then you were able to enter the structure and explore it from top to bottom ! My computer at that time did not have enough memory to allow me to completely explore the building , but because of medical problems I just let it go.Then , ten years went by and I saw the same puzzle advertised on Amazon and I thought that it may have been updated . I now have an up to date Mac computer , and I thought I would have no problems with the puzzle this time . As I always do when I 'm contemplating a purchase I checked the System Requirements to make sure I would have no trouble running it . The Amazon ad said it would run on a Mac , and in this case that was good enough for me!I bought the puzzle and it arrived shortly afterwards . On the box the puzzle came in it said the puzzle was usable on the Mac . I tried to install it with Quicktime , as the manual said , and was advised as follows
 I do n't own this , but my sister does and when I was visiting her in GA I got to play it . I am really into the puzzle thing and I loved this game . Not only does it give you the puzzle to build but it gives you clues to find so it seems like more then one game to play . The bonus is all the historical facts you learn on your way thru . I have always loved history so this was one of the best games I have played on the PC . I ca n't wait to buy Bravarian Castle !!
 I bought this for my father , who is disabled and always looking for something to do . He was completely engrossed and this game gave him great play for hours and hours . As you advance through the levels of difficulty , more of the interior of the Cathedral is available for you to explore . There are also many historical facts , video , and games to play once each level is assembled.I played my dad 's copy once and was hooked ! Had to go out and purchase one of my own , and I 'm giving some out as gifts this year as well . Highly recommended .
 This is engrosing , stay-up-all-night fun , the way jigsaw puzzles SHOULD be , along with a tremendously interesting historical tour of the Cathedral , some marvelous characters and a few great puzzles thrown in for kicks .
 If you enjoy jigsaw puzzles , you will love this software . Fun , educational and a great challenge to find all the clues and stuff inside once the puzzle is complete . I 've also completed the Neuschwanstein Castle , and have yet to begin the Victorian Mansion and Orient Express . The best part is , no lost pieces - great when you have 8 cats like I do . I ca n't recommend this software enough for the puzzle lover . Just get it !!
 I really love putting puzzles together but I never have enough work space . The Puzz 3D for the PC is a great idea and lots of fun . I really enjoyed working on this Cathedral and learning the history behind it ; things I never knew . If Teachers could only make learning history in the classroom this fun and exciting . I look forward to owning ALL the puzzles for the PC and hope they will create more puzzles soon .
 The hardest of the Puzz3-d so far . The only I have n't tried is the Orient Express . The clues in this one are harder to find and decifer . Almost missed -LSB- a hidden part -RSB- , and took forever to find the last clue . Great fun and hours of getting lost in Notre Dame . I 'm hooked and ca n't wait to ride on the Orient Express . I hope these games keep coming .
 I just finished the puzzle , and the exploration inside Notre Dame . My biggest suggestion is to SAVE often ! It may have just been my Win95 computer but on two different occaisions , I lost all my work when the program caused an error and had to shut itself down . I would also suggest that you do the master level before going inside the cathedral with the key . If not , any of the puzzles you solve will not be solved on the next level . To save yourself the heartache of having to redo everything , wait until you are a master builder . Other than that , have fun ! : -RRB-
 My husband said that I was addicted when building Notre Dame and I agree that I was . Not only is this great fun but educational . I had not quite completed the Platinum level when we went to England . I found myself enjoying going through the big cathedrals there and was more curious about them because I had built Notre Dame . I do n't think I would have found the cathedrals quite so interesting if I had not done this puzzle . I recently just finished the platinum level but did have to go to Wrebbit site and and get the final clue to free Esmeralda . The puzzle clues change on every level . What you find in the first is not in the same place on the last . Now I 'm going to try Victorian Mansion .
 This puzzle was challenging in a different way as the assembled sections were not all flat . This made you think differently while matching puzzle pieces . As far as solving the mystery , I 'm still working on this one . Highly recomend all Puzz 3-D if you 're a puzzle lover .
 I thoroughly enjoyed this puzzle and gradually increased the difficulty as I grew accustomed to manipulating the pieces and connecting the sides . Having recently visited Notre Dame , I had a ball putting together this puzzle and look forward to trying the others by Wrebbit . Working this puzzle requires a good computer and , as another on-line reviewer noted , frequent saves to prevent lost work . The software taxes the computer memory and sometimes causes crashes . I 've updated my machine since playing Notre Dame , so , now that I 've ordered Bavarian Castle from Amazon , I 'm hoping the new puzzle will be better tolerated by my hardware.Good luck to all who love a challenge !
 I have not been able to travel to Germany yet , but on my first visit I want to see the Neuschwanstein Castle . This video game was a dream come true . It is a challenging puzzle , but once you have finished the most difficult level , you can continue to enjoy again and again the beautiful vistas inside and outside the castle . I put it in often , the game is like bringing an art museum inside your home .
 The Bavarian Castle puzzle , at the `` beginner '' level , was the most difficult jigsaw puzzle that I 've ever attempted -- but I had never constructed a 3D puzzle before . Once I got familiar with the program design and controls -LRB- pieces can be rotated in two and three dimensions , construction lines help snap completed sections into place , sorting trays can be labeled and made `` recloseable '' -RRB- , the jigsaw became deliciously challenging . I could barely tear myself away from the computer , once I got going.As of now , I 've completed the castle at the bronze and silver stages , and have enough understanding and memory of how the pieces fit together to consider skipping to the platinum level on my next attempt , to get full access to the castle interiors and puzzles . Despite having considerable experience with challenger jigsaws -LRB- both real and virtual -RRB- , I doubt that I could have put the Bavarian Castle puzzle together if I had begun at the highest level , which offers no construction helps like architectural guides . -LRB- The Victorian Mansion puzzle was much easier , by comparison . -RRB- The video clips of King Ludwig annoyed me , because of the actor 's condescending approach to his character . However , the sound clips of selections from Wagner 's operas are very nice.The puzzle ran beautifully on my Pentium-100 machine with 128megs of RAM . The only problem with using this slow machine was that the movie clips ran with the audio and video slightly out of sync . In fact , I was totally impressed with the program 's design and freedom from bugs , at least on my equipment .
 I found this one at a store and I love puzzles , so I bought it . It 's fantastic . I love a challenge , so I picked the hardest level of play . Even after solving the mystery , I have assembled the castle at least 6 times . Of all of the Puzz 3-D puzzles , this is my most favorite . Hope they come out with many more Puzz 3-D 's . I currently own all four to date .
 Great fun ! The only problem was the patch that I did n't know about . Long hours doing the last level and I only got the gold key , not the platinum . I had to start all over after getting the patch installed .
 I had a lot of fun building the castle , but when I went inside I kept running out of memory and it would crash . I assigned it more than enough to run according to the system requirements , but it still quits . Maybe I am the only one with this problem , but if you want to play this game , I would suggest having enough memory to hold the Library of Congress . I leave you with this final thought
 This is one of the most interesting and beautiful games you can play . I am writing to let everyone know that this game works flawlessly on an IMAC COMPUTER running Parallels Desktop and Windows XP . The only thing you need to make sure is that you download inside Windows XP is Quicktime Version 4.0 before you load the game . Make sure you uninstall any other versions of Quicktime you may have prior to installing Quicktime 4.0 Here is the download site with instructions :[ ... -RSB- I am running the most current version of MAC OS MOUNTAIN LION -LRB- 10.8.2 -RRB- Unfortunately Apple made BOOTCAMP ONLY ABLE TO LOAD WINDOWS 7 AND UP . Not a problem when you use Parallels Desktop . With a Parallels you can choose which version of Windows you want to run and therefore you can still run some of the best games out there . I even run MAJESTIC CHESS , WRATH OF THE GODS AND DO N'T GET ANGRY inside Parallels -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- . PUZZ 3D NEUSCHWANSTEIN BAVARIAN CASTLE is an awesome game that is worth investing in for many hours of gameplay and many different levels . Do n't let the nay sayers tell you different . It will work under Windows XP even though the box says Windows 95 or Windows 98 . I recommend changing the screen resolution to a lower rate to achieve the best onscreen video image prior to playing . Make sure you also install DIRECT X off the Puzz 3D Installation CD that this game is on .
 This is my second puzzle of the castle . The first one got `` lost '' when my computer was replaced . Am looking forward to completing this one . Wish the instruction book had instructions for increasing the puzzle size on the computer . Very pleased to have it again .
 For those of you who are puzzle geeks like me , this is an innovative twist on jigsaw puzzles . You can learn how the game works on the beginner level and work through 4 total levels . Exploring the castle is really cool , but finding the missing sword pieces will make you crazy . My only complaint is that you ca n't control the viewing zoom level on the pieces . Still worth the time . I plan to buy all of the editions .
 As an avid card maker who enjoys creating graphic `` masterpieces '' for special events and people , I have dabbled in many different card-making programs , including newer programs such as Adobe Illustrator and such . However , a program easily over a decade old still takes the cake as the easiest card-maker I 've ever used ... Print Artist 8.0 . Basically , whatever you want to do , Print Artist 8.0 will accommodate you . In a rush and need a quick pre-made card ? Check . Want to start from scratch from a blank sheet of paper ? You 're covered there as well . Literally , anything you can imagine can be accomplished by this program . Plus , it is incredibly simple to use , even right from the get-go . When using Adobe Photoshop -LRB- or even the current Print Artist product -RRB- , for example , I felt completely lost and as if it would take me hours/days to be able to use the program even just at a basic level . Print Artist , however , is the exact opposite ... everything is laid out in a very comprehensive format that will suit even those who are n't all that tech-savvy . One sad note
 These games are super cool . I like playing them a lot . If I still have them when I grow up I 'll give them to my children .
 This game is awesome . I purchased this when I was about 13 years old , and computers were just becoming the rage . I would play it all the time . I 'm not sure if it 'll work with windows vista , i have n't tried.but i know it 's a good game for girls , regardless of what critics say `` it 's too sexist '' . i used to play it all the time as a teen & now i 'm a computer programmer . so take that !
 This game is great fun for young girls ! Not sure if you can tweak it to run on Vista , but if you find a copy of it , it 's worth a try . I purchased this game when I was about 13 as well and made so many wonderful , fun memories with my friends that we still remember fondly today.I agree with the previous reviewer . This game was released at a time when girls were thought to not play computer games , and computers in general were just becoming the rage . Now I have a very successful career as well ! So it 's not necessarily sexist . I laugh at how amazed people were when they found out that most of the MILLIONS of players who buy The Sims franchise products are FEMALE players . The audience is out there - people just did n't expect females to enjoy computers .
 I 've purchased this product mainly because of the affordable price . At first , I was a bit skeptical as to whether it would perform the same functions of the expensive Microsoft product . After using it for two years for college assignment purposes , I HAVE NO REGRETS.Not only does this product cost a fraction of the price when compared to the Microsoft product but it also does the same job when it comes to word processing , presentations , etc. I highly recommend this product !!!!!
 I think it 's important to note what system you 're using this on . I have Windows XP Pro SP2 . Overall , this program works like a dream . The defrag can be slow at first , but its thourough . The registry utilities are smart and effective , along with the junk files utilities . There are two areas to use extreme caution . One is the start up tools . I experience some difficulties with them , and ca n't use them . The conflict with something in Windows . Also , there is a duplicate file locator , but you should inspect VERY carefully before you remove any . Overall , it 's an awesome program .
 I first discovered System Mechanic from a PC magazine disk download . I 've loved it ever since . I was using System Mechanic 4 and upgraded to 5 for $ 20.00 . The 5 version is maybe a little better , but I still think it 's worth it . I will say the defragmenter took a long time when I first used it . It seems to take less time the more its used . There are scan options that can also be used . A trial version can be downloaded , and if you do n't like it , you can easily uninstall it . Once a week I like to use the full maintenance
 I have been a user of Norton for four years and ran it weekly . The procedure would take 1 and 1/2 hours . When I bought the latest version and installed it , it stopped working after 15 days despite the fact that it had been properly installed and registered.After reading a review of System Mechanic , I thought I 'd give it a try.What a differance ! The 1 and 1/2 hour ordeal was reduced by two thirds-17 minutes to run my stand alone anti-virus program and ten to run System Mechanic . Almost all of System Mechanic 's features can be activated by running the '' Maintanance Wizard '' -LRB- this includes defrag -RRB- . There are two things to take note of , however . Registry errors must be delt with seperately under the `` fix '' tab and Mechanic does such a thorough job of cleaning debris that passwords for your favorite websites have to be re-entered . Barring those two drawbacks , it is a very fine program .
 I installed the trial version on two computers . One running Windows XP Pro SP2 , and the other using Windows XP Home SP2.The Pro machine is running the software fine , but the Home machine displayed the `` blue screen '' , when I restarted the system . I was able to remove the software after restarting in safe mode . The problem might be the wireless card or just Windows XP Home . Thank goodness , I have 29 more days to evaluate this software before I buy .
 An update after using System Mech 5 for 4 monthsA nice feature set , but the disc defragmenter does not work . It runs and runs and runs . I contacted tech support , and they suggested I turn off all anti-virus or any other background programs . This did not help . This is discussed commonly in forums about this program . The one click setting can remove important registry info if you are not careful , though I have never had a problem . The start up manager is great . There are so many features in this program it would take a book to document them . The Kapersky Anti virus and firewall are a very nice add on . They do not seem to be the system hog that Norton is . They are not as good as Trend Micro 's product . The Internet optimizer did not do any thing for my system , but that could be an individual reponse . I am happy so far .
 I got free upgrade to ver 5.5 a , and this is the first time I use it on my pc . It is a bundle of system utility programsI was thinking that it is similar to norton system works . However , it is a surprise to me that it has some features like -LRB- norton does n't have until 2005 -RRB- , ram recovery , software relocation , pop-up blocker , etc.Ram recovery and pop-up blocker works really well . Registry clean-up is also good . Spyware removal catches 2 spywares that my internet security software miss out ! Though it is not the best antispyware , it is a plus in security.User interface is very nice and easy-to-use . Some of the clean-up utility programs are similar to McAfee QuickClean , but a bit weaker and I believe it will get improved . Disk defragmatation is not as good as norton speed disk . However , boot defragmatation is ambitious attempt that norton lacks . Software relocation could be useful if I replace with a bigger hard-drive and run different OS in several partition.Overall it is 3 stars , but I give it 4 because I like ram recovery and pop-up blocker.Things to be improved such as clean up internet cache instantly , imaging hard disk , diagnotic and repairing common hard disk probrems -LRB- errors found in boot sector , partiton table , etc -RRB- like norton disk doctor .
 `` Used it for years and like it '' . Have been a subscriber for years . Good product and can readily recommend it to anyone wanting computer security and performance optimizing . Have moved up to the Professional version to meet all of my needs .
 I worked with punch cards in the 60s and have been using computers ever since . I know a quality piece of code when I see one -- and there are n't many out there . Fortunately , I took a chance with a lesser known brand , being suitably fed-up with my problems using Norton System Works . I got IOLO 's System Mechanic 5 in December and will never look back . Quite simply , it says what it does and does what it says . Take my word for it -- this is the only review I 've ever written for a software product , and System Mechanic deserves every star I can give it . You wo n't be disappointed !
 Have been a subscriber for years . Good product and can readily recommend it to anyone wanting computer security and performance optimizing .
 My experience with Symantec Norton Works was very good until I had problems with cleaning my drives of all the duplicates and clutter left by use of the Internet . I evaluated System Mechanic5 Professional and I liked very much . Moreover , Ron Slater - Sales Representative - contacted me with several tips that put me at ease to decide on purchasing it . I am happy with the features and the user-friendly format of the software .
 I just installed this program a few days ago after trying the trial version first . So far , I have had no real problems.I did defrag my entire system using the optimize option . I have 4 drives partitions on two drives totaling 160GB with about 80GB of data on them -LRB- SATA 120GB drive with three partitions and a single partitioned EIDE 40GB drive -RRB- . I set it to start then went to bed . Six hours later , it was complete and there were no problems -LRB- I do n't know how long the process actually took , but it was done 6 hours later -RRB- . I do n't know if this is due to them updating the defrag engine , but the version I used worked fine.The only beef I have so far is how slow the Kapersky AV is . It took 15 minutes to update itself over a fast connection . It appears the Kapersky server is REALLY slow . I performed a full system scan and it took many hours to finish . Interestingly , it found a couple of Trojan Horses that McAfee -LRB- updated weekly -RRB- had ignored on my disk for months.Not in love with the program , but it sure beats the hell out of that system hog , Norton !
 When following the path the software takes , I have had to twice use my Norton Go Back to undo the deletions made by the program . Otherwise , my Windows ME stopped working . I especially like the RAM clearing , startup file control and registry clearing offered by this software . The eliminate duplicate file option would be better if it found the shortcuts to the deleted file and re-aimed them as well as offering the option for a bit compare to be absolutely sure the listed `` duplicate files '' are duplicates . I am still using my Norton Antivirus and Firewall because I am more comfortable with their results .
 The two previous reviewers really do n't know what they 're talking about . Yes , Windows may have some of the components that SM provides -LRB- firewall , defragmenter -RRB- , but it most certainly does n't have all of them . The Kaspersky Anti-Hacker Firewall is more vigilant and expansive in terms of logging than the Windows firewall -LRB- including the SP2 firewall -- I have used both -RRB- . The Kaspersky Antivirus included with the suite is very good -- much better than Norton/Symantec/McAffee , about on par with Panda AV . As for the defragmenter , it has multiple available settings -- if you perform an optimized defragmentation -LRB- which is not what the Windows defragmenter does -RRB- it will take longer , but it packs all the files forward on your hard drive to greatly lessen the need for future defragmentation . SM includes a variety of other defragmentation methods , like context menu defragmentation and defragmentation profiles , that are useful as well . The anti-spyware software included is good as well , not as good as Ad-Aware perhaps , but certainly serviceable . The cleaning services are very useful and thorough , and the registry defragmenter and compacter can help improve system performance a good deal . I have used SM since version 3.0 , and it is a high quality product that comes with my full recommendation as a well-informed computer user ; this is one product that I will certainly continue to purchase .
 The only problem I am finding with system mechanic 5 is that it can take many hours to do a system maintenance . I have been using the SM software since about 97 or 98 ... I have always loved that it really does well with keeping your system running top notch . I have NEVER had a major problem with it , but the last system maintenance I did on my 250Gb SATA -LRB- only about 20 being used -RRB- hard drive , it took 24 hours to complete ... And let me warn you now ! If you stop SM in the middle of a task just because you could n't wait ... . GET READY for problems ... You have to let it complete . I crashed about 8 times last night because I had to stop it to use my PC ... Well , now that it has run completely over night ... . I can type this without any trouble ;-RRB- ... I do recommend this software ; they always have problems in the beginning , but thanks to updates ... . They have all been fixed in the past .
 I 've had earlier versions of this product and eagerly await updated editions since they only get better . For those who have never used it , this is an indispensable tool to open a wide variety of files you may get through the Internet or shared in other ways for which you have no application on your computer . This includes the latest MS Word and Excel 2004 files as well as WordPerfect 12 . This highly clever and sophisticated program , which installs very quickly and easily , allows you to open most Windows files , pictures , and e-mail attachments you ca n't otherwise . It converts both Windows and Macintosh files and allows you to share reformatted files easily on disk or through the Internet.With this program you can translate virtually any file you get , and also view files or pictures with applications you do n't own . Further , you can create custom settings to automatically convert certain files . This feature I like since I can drag old databases I created in MS Works in the late 1980s onto a separate icon you can set up to automatically convert them to recent database programs . Slick!For the few files you still can not open , the program gives tips on opening them , though with past editions I would have liked more information offered here . So far , I 'm not sure what to expect on this issue with Version 15.0 since everything I 've tried to open has indeed opened fine!One recent feature of MacLinkPlus allows you to carry documents on your iPod , such as directions and `` to-do '' lists . But not having an iPod , I can only guess is a good feature.All and all , I find this product very very useful and wonder how anyone can live without it .
 If you have ever received an email attachment , taken home a file from work , or received a document that you could not open then MacLinkPlus Deluxe 15 may be the solution you are looking for.MacLinkPlus lets you open , view , print and convert files from one format to another even if you do n't have the applications that created them . You can also open those pesky unreadable email attachments.MacLinkPlus is easy to install , just insert the CD and double click the installer . Plus it is simple to use . Launch the program , click `` Add '' and select the file you want to view or translate ; or drag and drop the file onto the MacLinkPlus icon . You may simply open and read the document or have it translated into a format that your computer can handle thus allowing you to edit and work with the file.MacLinkPlus translates many Windows and Mac word processing , spreadsheet , and database formats . Also , it contains translators for Photoshop , SMP , JPEG , PICT , TIFF , and other graphic formats . MacLinkPlus Deluxe makes it easier to extract text from PDF files and supports the latest version of the Stuffit compression/decompression utility , making it easier to handle email attachments.I asked family members to send me as many different Windows documents and files as they could . Would n't you know ! The first one I received , written in MS Word DOS , MacLinkPlus 15 could not open . The program does give additional information and tips to handle documents you are unable to open , but it could not translate this file . I was able to view this particular item as a simple text file but it was n't totally readable . All other files I received I was able to open and read or translate into a useable format.My husband regularly receives Windows attachments and documents that he is unable to open . His problem is now solved . He just emails them to me to translate and then I return the translated file . . My employer has several files stored on floppy disks , written on Mac programs that are no longer available . He was unable to open these documents . I suggested he purchase MacLinkPlus , which he did , and now he has access to all his old files.A neat new feature is the ability for MacLinkPlus 15 to convert word processing and PDF files to text and send them to your iPod . This feature works with all dock connecting iPods including iPod Mini.Also included is icWord and icExcel . Both applications work with MacLinkPlus Deluxe to allow you to view PowerPoint , Word , Excel , Clarisworks , and Appleworks files & spreadsheets.MacLinkPlus is not able to translate all formats , but most are supported.Not everyone will find this software useful . If you only work with current Mac software or the major cross-platform applications you will have no need for it . But for those who have data stored in old formats , or receive documents in various Windows formats MacLinkPlus Deluxe 15 could save much time and frustration.I find it very useful , and wish I had followed my instincts and purchased this software a long time ago.Requires Mac OS 10.2 or later . .
 A few years ago I bought 31 Languages of the World by Transparent Software and I was impressed by the number of languages , games and activities . When I saw that they had released 101 Languages of the world I could n't resist!As someone who works with 4 + languages on a daily basis , I also enjoy studying languages as a hobby . It was fascinating to see some of the lesser studied European languages and variants such as Asturian , Provenal , Basque , and Catalan.The games provided are great for reviewing or brushing up on vocabulary and grammar . Recording conversations and completing dialogues was also very helpful to get a feel for phrasing and pronunciation.It is refreshing to see a software company taking the effort to enlist native speakers and record unusual languages , such as Blackfoot , Quechua , Hawaiian , Welsh , Xhosa , Wolof , and even some that I was not familiar with.The important thing to remember is that no , using this product will not make you fluent . It will introduce you to grammar , pronunciation , culture , and common phrases . Native speakers are a plus , but I did not like the fact that languages that made use of symbols rather than letters were Romanized , such as Japanese , Chinese , Arabic , etc. . In the long run it is much more difficult to pick up the symbols after learning the language.Still , this is a great product at a reasonable price for anyone with an interest in languages , either learning for the first time or for reviewing . Give this software a try , have fun , and good luck !
 When I first got this product , I had several hopes for it . First , that -- due to the ability to hear the language , and compare my pronunciation with it -- I could get the `` feel '' of many languages I had n't been able to grasp before , due to lack of contact with native speakers.I wanted this , NOT so much to become fluent in the languages , as to be able to use common phrases of meeting and shopping when visiting other countries or when entertaining foreign visitors -- both of which happen frequently for my husband and myself . I had noticed that if I simply TRIED to speak their language , most people would switch to English to accomodate me , but do it cheerfully . In most cases , they would have done it anyway , since I could n't speak their language -- but not so happily . This changed everything.I mean , a realistic Croat or Lithuanian wo n't expect most Americans to speak their language , but a few words of friendly greeting -- a mere attempt -- make all the difference in their feeling respected , welcomed , and `` at home '' with us.Second , I wanted the benefits of understanding more about the world 's cultures I might never be exposed to otherwise . For example , working with the language of a people helps when you read their history , as well.For instance , just after studying the segment on Basque , I bought a volume of Basque history , and was amazed at how much more I understood due to this language program . Family names , city names , and so on are words in the language , so you have a much more vivid impression of the place and people.It 's like knowing that a place-name like `` Bear Mountain '' is a mountain where there were bears , rather than just knowing the sounds of the name , such as `` Boca Raton '' which means `` mouse 's mouth '' only if you know the original language -LRB- Spanish -RRB- . It 's wonderful for my grandchildren to use , as well , since they see learning the words and phrases as a game -- and they pick up languages , and the correct pronunications , faster than adults . And they get used to the idea that there are a lot of other languages , instead of believing that `` everyone '' speaks English.Why did n't I say `` five stars '' for this product ? Because NOT ALL the languages on it have the pronunciation features that allow you to hear and copy and compare various aspects of your speaking with the native speakers . But most do , and for that I am grateful . Thank you , Transparent Languages !
 For less commonly learned languages such as Bengali , Basque , Urdu , etc. there are few language learning resources available . If you are serious about learning these languages , I highly recommend adding this to your language learning tools . For more commonly learned languages such as German , French , Arabic , Spanish , Hebrew , and Italian you might find software dedicated to your language of choice more useful.Don ' t depend on this software alone to learn . ` Learn to Listen & Speak . Guaranteed ' is a little exaggerated . For any language you will need to get a good grammar book and a dictionary to develop vocabulary lists . I recommend 101 Languages of the World because software is far superior to tapes when working on pronunciation . With tapes its hard to constantly back up to master the pronunciation of a word or phrase . With this software you can click a word or phrase as much as you want to practice pronunciation.The software contains numerous common words and phrases and there are several games that reinforce what you are learning . You can also export words to a vocabulary building program that comes with the software . One problem I have is that 101 Languages uses romanized letters instead of script . But otherwise its a great program and worth buying .
 The claim of ` learning to listen & speak guaranteed ' is a little loose here . Yes you will if you work at it , but only on a beginner 's level . That being said , for what is program is worth , it is very fun ! Think of this as a interactive phrasebook . For most languages the same list of phrases is given . Things such as what you would say at a bank , hotel , etc. . A few of the languages have cultral notes along with the phrases . Please note that -LRB- as I see it -RRB- only 76 of these languages have any sound related to them at all . The other 25 are in a flashcard format which make it hard to memorize , understand , and get a feel for the language . If you want to delve deeper into a language , check out TL 's language now ! series , Vocabulearn , or Pimsleur .
 I am very glad I bought this program . While it is true that the instruction is strictly beginner 's level , and the native script is missing for most non-Latin based languages , this is still a great tool if you want to sample a large number of languages and decide which ones to take further with a more detailed course . This is also great for people studying a more exotic language for which there are n't any stand-alone audio programs for you to practice pronunciation.But the biggest bonus for me was the included Global Writer word processor which allows you to type in all kinds of scripts , including Japanese , Chinese -LRB- Traditional and Simplified -RRB- , Korean , Russian , Hebrew , Arabic , Persian , Hindi and many , many others . This program alone was worth the twenty bucks ! No more playing around with Unicode or fooling with special characters in Word . This is the best software value I 've found in years.If I had one complaint it would be that some minor languages are included , like Breton , Galician , and Quechua , but some major languages , like Cantonese , spoken by over 50 million Chinese , and many languages of India are not included .
 This is truly an amazing product . It supplies audio pronounciation for 76 langues , and essential vocabulary for 25 others . These 76 languages are Spanish , French , German , Italian , Japanese , Chinese , Afrikaans , Albanian , Arabic , Azerbaijani , Basque , Belorussian , Bangali , Brazilian , Breton , Bulgarian , Canadian French , Catalan , Croatian , Czech , Danish , Dutch , English , Esperanto , Estonian , Farsi , Finnish , Flemish , Galician , Greek , Guarani , Haitian Creole , Hawaiian , Hebrew , Hindi , Hungarian , Icelandic , Indonesian , Irish , Korean , Latin , Latvian , Lithuanian , Luganda , Luxembourgish , Malagasy , Malay , Norwegian , Pidgin English , Polish , Portuguese , Quechua , Romanian , Russian , Scottish , Serbian , Slovak , Slovene , Somali , Sotho , Swahili , Swedish , Tagalog , Tahitian , Thai , Tswana , Turkish , Ukrainian , Urdu , Vietnamese , Welsh , Wolof , Xhosa , Yiddish , Yoruba , and Zulu . The other 25 are Asturian , Aymara , Bemba , Blackfoot , Cebuano , Chamorro , Cornish , Ecuadorian Quechua , Faroese , Frisian , Inuktitut , Kongo , Macedonian , Maori , Maya , Mohawk , Nahuatl , Papago , Provencal , Romansch , Romany , Ruanda , Somoan , Sepedi , Shona , Sicilian , Sorbian , Swazi , and Tongan .
 I want to learn 26 languages , but why not learn 101 Lanquages instead ? This program makes it easy for you to understand how to speak , listen and learn new languages . It is also fun . It has lots of games to help you along . If you are ever lost , dont worry just click on a word and it will help you along . The best buy I have ever made . : -RRB-
 I am a native speaker of Polish and my wife is American . We tried the speach recognition feature in our native tongues . We barely made it in our native languages into the beginnig of yellow and sometimes not even that . This feature one has to take with a grain of salt.The program only has 76 languages with pronounciation . The remaining 25 are only vocabulary collections without any speach recordings.There is some translation mistakes in Polish version but not very many.The lessons are a little bit chaotic in their structure . I suspect they made an abridged version of their more extensive single language programs . In general it is not a bad tool for somebody planning a trip to a country and would like to acquire some basic vocabulary along with spelling and different alphabets . I would not get depressed if one can not get the pronounciation right - even native speakers are unable to accomplish that . And for the price of under 20 bucks , one can not ask for perfection .
 This product is great for a good overview of various languages , to learn the basics . If you are planning to travel to a number of countries , this will allow you to communicate effectively . It 's definitely worth buying .
 Great things come in tiny packages , I saw this on sale for $ 9.00 at circuit city , and though skeptical it would be worth much , thought $ 9.00 is n't much of a gamble . This was like a slot machine that paid off ! I am just blown away by the quality of this program and the extent of language instruction involved . Granted , this is NOT a program on which to found your study of your choice language , but as a supplement and interactive aid on DOZENS of languages , you will find plenty to learn . Where this program is especially helpful is with minor languages where there just are n't many resources or opportunities to hear native speakers , or build a vocabulary . I 'm personally interested in more exotic languages , such as Bengali , Lithuanian , Slovene , etc. , and can now listen to the dialogues and speak along with the script , and I 've committed much vocabulary to memory . This CD lets you hear genuine native speakers converse on a myriad of topics , and then test your knowledge of what you 've learned . If you are interested in MANY languages , and like comparing various types -LRB- Russian w / Polish ; Sicilian w / Italian ; Finnish w / Estonian , etc. -RRB- then you have a great research tool . Now if you 're looking to bone up on a major language such as Spanish , French , etc. , there is a good dose of vocab here , but you 're probably better off with one of the many dedicated audio or software language programs - though assuming you too can buy this program cheap , what you will get as far as dialog practice more than justifies the price . The real value here , however , is the info and practice you get with rarer languages , and for the simplicity and compactness of this little program . Neat !
 101 Languages Of The World is a fascinating product . Not only can you learn the basics of many more common languages , but you can learn uncommon languages like Macedonian or Swazi . The great variety offered in this product makes it well worth the buy . There are many interactive games that help you to practice and learn the language -LRB- s -RRB- . The audio features are incredible . There are native speakers for all the languages so you can hear the correct pronunciations and even speak into the computer so it can compare your pronunciation with that of the native 's . 101 Languages of the World is great for learning a huge variety languages , for all purposes and for all levels of study .
 I 've heard a lot of good and bad stuff about the product , but I could n't find any other product to learn Luganda with.Anyhow , I am very pleased . However , You must be motivated in order for the product to help you . It 's not like pimsleur -LRB- which I also love ! -RRB- where you have set daily lesson plans , you must come up with your own lesson plan . Overall I am quite satisfied and would reccomend it.It 's true when people say you ca n't use this product to become fluent , but truefully , the only way you can become fluent in any language is to live somewhere that it is spoken . Language tools should always be seen as a supplement . I 'm using this plus penpals to talk/email with ...
 My son wanted to learn Creole for a missions trip to Haiti . Best program we found . He learned basic communication within two weeks . The interactive program helps stimulate all learning senses .
 101 Languages of the World is a very satisfying product for what it is . The great diversity offered in the product is amazing , being able to learn 101 languages with a piece of software is unbelievable . I really love the fact that in one instance I can be learning Farsi and the next be practicing my Tagalog . It is truely a great product because it is well put together software and has immense content .
 Had this program a while back . Lost the disc and am glad that I was able to get another one . Have basic information on many languages . Great for learning a number of basic phases and sentences before visiting a foreign country . Picked up some Catalan before visiting Barcelona , had fun with that . Gently used product as advertised but still good .
 This software provided about 30 in depth languages and phrases for others . Great product at a great price . I would recommend it .
 Acrobat 7 Standard on the Mac offers nearly all the features of Acrobat 7 Professional . The windows version of Professional includes a whole extra program -LRB- livecycle designer -RRB- for creating forms and using xml data . The Mac version does not include that program.However , Professional does offer a couple of very important features :1 -RRB- The first is building indexes of documents . Indexing is similar to a search but is much more powerful . An index is a pre-built catalog of all the words in your document , saved as a separate file . After the index is built , whenever you want to search a document , you search the index instead , and searches are almost instantaneous . Searching a regular pdf without an index is quite slow . The real power of the index comes when you index multiple pdf 's at once . You could have 100 reports , or a dozen books , or whatever , pre-indexed , and any future search is very very fast . Indexing is definitely a slick feature and an impressive trick if you create content for end users or clients .2 -RRB- The other important feature is mostly for the advertising/design/print community . Acrobat Pro allows a lot of interaction with press-ready files . You can view separations , preflight documents , and chop large pages into smaller pieces and print any portion of a page you like . If you work with documents for a living , the Professional version is almost a must-have . Finally ... speed . Version 7 is still slow to load . But on a Mac you can leave your computer on for weeks at a time and just leave Acrobat running , so that 's not too big of a deal . You can speed up load times by de-activating plug-ins that you do n't use . If you just use Acrobat to just view documents , you do n't need a lot of the plug-ins . If you use Acrobat professionally , I 'd leave the plug-ins active . Do a Get Info on the Acrobat program , click open the Plug-ins tab , and you can uncheck plug-ins to deactivate . For a full description of each plug-in , look under the help menu while in Acrobat.CONCLUSION
 Of course , I love iMovie and the Ken Burns effect , but after having usedPhoto to Movie , I was amazed at how much smoother it was than KB effect.Plainly , PtM is superior than the KB effect . So , will I ever use the KB effect again ? ... Of course . Because I find that the KB effect is quicker to use than PtM.But , I plan on getting to know PtM better so that I can apply its superiormotion effects in my slideshows.And its totally worth the money I spent on PtM.I recommend it to all .
 I was hoping to put together a slideshow of my recent vacation pictures to share with my mother . I 'd read good things about Photo to Movie and decided to give it a shot . I do n't purchase a lot of software but this product is definitely worth the price . After a few minutes of familiarization , I was using the software like a pro . I highly recommend this to anybody wanting to add some zip to their slideshows .
 If this thing exported slideshows to Flash , it would be perfect . As it is , it merely approaches perfection . Buy this product .
 This had a great tutorial program ! It was really good . I liked it , and it was easy to use !
 This is a complicated , professional-grade program for designing virtual synthesizers . In theory , it allows the user to construct any imaginable synth . A generous sampling of pre-built instruments is included , along with reasonably good tutorials . The pre-built instruments seem to lean towards a Euro-techno sound , and are not well documented . The software works well on Windows XP and integrates well with Cakewalk Sonar . One layer of complexity has been added by the decision of Native Instruments to start a switch from what they call `` primary '' modules to something called `` core '' modules . In effect , this means there are two different ways of building instruments . For serious musicians willing to devote a large amount of time to learning the program , this is a powerful and rewarding tool . You might also want to check out the Tassman acoustic modeling program , from AAS.P.S . -- Technical support from Native Instruments is essentially nonexistent . There is a useful users ' forum , although it tends sometimes towards DSP engineer types who like to answer questions in calculus .
 This is a premier music synthesis environment , deep , sophisticated and challenging - if you are serious about making digital music of any kind , and relish the idea of having complete control over every imaginable feature of whatever sound you yourself may imagine , the only choices for you are Max/MSP and Reaktor 5 . Out of the box , you 're getting great , complex sounds , but if you have no inclination to do your own programming then this package is overpriced . However , if you wish to do your own programming - and I do mean programming , because Reaktor is an environment that allows you to build individual and conglomerate sounds from the most basic materials like digital oscillators , envelopes and filters , and also allows the construction of digital production devices , such as sequencers and drum machines . Reaktor does n't add instruments to your computer , it turns your entire computer into an instrument of your own design.The enclosed documentation is thorough but not always clear in meaning and structure - you 'll need to both read it and discover how things work for yourself by doing . Reaktor requires and rewards patience and discipline , the patience to work through complexity and frustration , and the discipline to discern what it is you want to do . With Reaktor , you can do whatever you imagine . At this current price , just under $ 400 , it is a fantastic value .
 I 'm a professional computer technician -LRB- A + and Network + certified -RRB- , and I 've used just about every PC utility program there is , and nothing even compares to this one . It seems that every other one would either cause my computer to blue screen after fixing registry errors , or would slow down my computer . But this one fixed over 200 registry errors with no problems . Not only did my computer not blue screen , but it also ran better than when I first loaded XP . And even if you do run into problems , they have a one click undo feature , and also have free phone tech support . So try it !!! , it 's the best !!! And did I mention they have a 60-day money back guarantee .
 Simple to install , simple to use , and it works ! What more could you ask for ?
 Justed wanted a quick and easy PC clutter cleaner . Tried a bunch of shareware , but did not trust them when they said scanning . What were they scanning for ? My credit cards ? Then I came across this one at Amazon and followed through to the website . They are also sold through most retailers and have other products . I wanted non-shareware because you can not trust any software on the net these days.It turns out , this brand WinCleaner delivers on its promise and I even got some great free support when I called them.Cleans my PC and keeps it running and I know its from a company thats reachable .
 Ok , the product does what it claims . It cleaned up a bunch of crap from my computer the first time I used it . It cleared out 334 invalid regisrty items and 1753 temp files , recovering a total of 3658.82 mb.I used another cleaner before , sumthin sumthin Mechanic . That thing totally screwed up my computer immediately after using it by crashing to a blue screen . Wincleaner , however had no adverse affect on my computer at all.Why only 4 stars instead of 5 ? Three reasons .1 . The packaging itself says `` rated 5 stars '' on Amazon.com . Oooo , I was impressed . What it does not say was that it was based on only one review . -LRB- Probably written by someone associated with the manufacturer , I 'm sure . -RRB- Smack ! Come on now . Not an untrue statement on the box , but a misleading one . Sneaky , sneaky .2 . The uninstaller feature on this product is useless . It is no better than the `` add/remove '' function your computer already has for uninstalling programs . Those so-called stubborn or hard to remove programs remain stubborn and hard to remove as this feature of Wincleaner does n't get them ... at least it did n't do so on my computer .3 . Ehhh ... in a whiny voice ... The price could be a little bit lower in my opinion.However , I still must say , overall , the product is a good one . I would recommend it.As a final note
 Works well but its way overpriced . why would u buy a GPS that doesnt come with maps preinstalled anyways .
 I have been an avid R&R user since Version 2 in the late 1980 's . RattleRR moves all of this to the web simply and economically . If you are overwhelmed by Crystal Reports , do check out R&R !
 Marine Maps for Magellan handheld GPS units
 The game Cat in the Hat has been a very challenging game for my 4 year old son . He has made it to level 6 and now he is stuck . I wish they gave you some game pointers for all the different aspects of the games . The area we are stuck on the the broiler room . -LRB- trying to get the crablock -RRB- My son loves this game and has had a great time playing it . We have experienced no crashes on our computer .
 The low ratings listed here , before myself , are mostly based on the installation issues . However , i had not trouble one installing this . It ran beautifully and never crashed . It seems like their issues may be with their own computers . As far as the game itself is concerned , the gameplay is terrific for the 3-9 year old area . Beautiful Seussian landscapes follow you throughout the game while you ` Side-scroll ' your way through a mostly ` Platform ' style game . Overall , very nicely done . However , the cut scenes lack enough sound effects to fill strangely quiet times within the game . Mike Myers throws his two cents in , though it is mostly cut right out of the movie . Those points are not important enough to get in the way of the good points of the game . My 5 year old son is absorbed by this game . I actually enjoy it , myself . Truly , as this game lowers in price and the mediocre movie leaves our memory , this game will stand out as one of the better movie-based games made to date . Very enjoyable .
 My husband bought this game for our 4 year old daughter 's Christmas gift . She loves to play it , and actually goes to level 4 , with a little help from her father , by herself . Whenever she starts getting cranky , we always call on Cat 's help , as she loves to play this game ... She also loves it as she spends quality time playing with her father .
 My Mom bought this game on Amazon.com . I wanted to know that what the game looks like , the length , and the creativity . The game was worth $ 1.98 . When I played this game , I saw the unique worlds . Even though the graphics were good , ths game was shorter than I fought . There were only 10 Worlds , and I completed this game for about two weeks . If you like longer games , buy another game.Cat in the Hat
 I was a little worried about buying this for my 4yr old because of all the computer problems people have reported here , but it works just fine . My son loves everything Cat in the Hat , so he adores this game . Overall , a pleasant game . -LRB- The background music gets a little annoying , so that 's why I gave it 4 stars . -RRB-
 This deluxe resume builder , Number 11 is a nearly perfect product . For the life of me I can not understand why the later versions of this product have such low ratings , and a low amount of reviewers normally , happy or otherwise . Products of this type , later additions tend to be better.The only reason I did not get this product five stars is because I like to create my resume working , and spell check in a Word document . In one spell check is complete , I cut and pasted directly into the resume . This product was not allowed to do that . Other than that I love itAnd some reviews for this product , reviewers have stated that you can not save work that is half complete . This is incorrect ! At any point in the creation of your resume/cover letter you can save as . By going to the drop-down menu in the upper left-hand portion of the screen , you can save the partially completed work by giving it a name.I have found that one of the most useful features of this product is the option allows you to fit your resume to one page . If you 're like me with a long working history , you tend to go over the one page rule . By choosing this option , the font size is reduced just enough in most cases , to fit your resume/cover letter to one page . If for some reason you receive a message stating that it can not be shrunk to one page , you may have to change the design of your resume , i.e. , choose a smaller font . To begin with.Another feature that should be utilized when creating your resume and cover letter is the edit tool . This will seek out various possible errors in your documents , and suggest possible corrections . Please note these are only suggestions , and what the program believes may be in error may in fact be what you intended from the start . Use your best judgmentI have not yet looked at any of the interview videos ; I understand from other reviewers that it is quite helpful for the job search.The resume , once connected to the Internet does have a job search feature which will allow you to search various job sites for your selected career . This should be utilized.All in all , this is an excellent program , for the price . I 'm glad that I bumped into it . I would recommend this to a friend . And him still currently using this as we speak . To help create several resumes for possible job change.I wish all of you great success in your job search/career change.BY this product !
 That is a real nice software , I was really when it came in . The book contain good information on a lot of subject about jobs , interview.The videos in the software are so useful . Even each help file have a video , I never saw that , incredible . The job search engine is really powerful . I got that version for 10 $ , I am happy with it . There is a newer version , but this one have a lot of what version 12 have for a lot less $ $ $ .
 I have a very nice job which I love all thanks to the help from Resume Deluxe . I had trouble writing effective cover letters -LRB- which by the way is key to getting an interview -RRB- and the Resume Deluxe was there to help . This program has it all
 The software was easy to use and straight to the point . The professional resume it helped me create got me a good job .
 I recently recieved my Winway Resume Deluxe . It took me a little bit to get used to it but soon i figured it out . The best part about it is that you can customize to fit any employment expierence or back ground . I 'm stilling making improvements with mine . I highly recommend it if you need some serious `` Guidance '' with resumes . Perfect !!!
 My Resume was hand crafted using Winway Resume Deluxe 11.0 . It could not have been more effective in getting me hired ! It helped me produce a professional resume that told all who read it `` I mean Business '' . The Video tutorials were a God-send ! They showed me proper speech patterns , professional interaction , how to properly show confidence with out being cocky . -LRB- It never occurred to me that such minuscule shortcomings could actually cost you a job even if you are over qualified for . -RRB- I truly feel that if not for this software I would still be searching for work .
 When I first bought this product I was concerned about the reviews that said you could n't save information previously input and that you would have to start from scratch for each and every resume . While I will admit that the resume wizard leaves something to be desired , SKIP IT and use the blank resume in the Resume tab you are ready to begin building a custom and professional looking resume . From the Resume tab you can customize the resume headings , the style , add borders and images if desired , change the type font and select from hundreds of resume themes included in the program . You can save your work at ANYTIME while working in the resume tab and if you desire to tailor your resume or build another one just SAVE AS a different file name -LRB- I have used this program for several weeks and have created 5 different resumes without starting over from scratch -RRB- . As far as writing your resume , the program offers an Autowriter feature which offers hundreds of phrases for many common occupations but you can skip this as well and write and format your resume however you desire . If you have your resume written in another program or online just copy and paste into this program . This program is very useful for somebody that wants to write their own resume and convert it a professional looking product . After writing your resume you can run the Resume Auditor that catches spelling errors as well as other common resume mistakes . The program is very flexible and allows you to create either a chronological or functional resume and convert it to either a PDF format or MS Word document . You can even convert resumes to HTML format for posting online.Other features include writing cover letters , creating custom envelopes , a contacts list when job searching , a section devoted to the interview process and maximizing salary , and a resources and jobs section which takes you to the Winway Job agent website.I am transitioning after 24 years of military service and has some reservations about buying this program after reading several reviews about not being able to save your personnel data -LRB- work history etc. -RRB- and create additional resumes without starting over from scratch , all of which I found are incorrect to a certain extent after working with the program . I would have given it 5 stars if the Resume Wizard were better but SKIP it and write your own custom resume with ease . I decided to spend $ 10 and I could n't be more pleased . I wrote several resumes without starting over from scaratch and without using the Autowriter and let me say that this program is worth $ 10 - $ 15 just to be able to format and convert your resume to a professional looking product .
 This is the easiest resume maker i 've used thus far out of many . It can be hard to navigate at first , but once you get used to it , it looks very clean and professional . I recommend it for anyone who is looking for a career change or just entering your chosen field .
 I found this software unopened and unused for $ 6 at a local Goodwill.I 've never been one to have a hard time with creative writing yet when writing my resume I seemed to always run into writer 's block . Using some the features included in this software I found the ideas flowing and was able to re-word some of my most mundane job duties to make me sound like a superstar . I also enjoyed the numerous resume formats included.Comprehensive , easy-to-use . Pair this with a few resume books and get inspired !
 Ever since I ordered WinWay Resume Deluxe 11.0 I have been amazed on how much easier it is to build any resume of my choosing . I used -LSB- ... -RSB- before but now that I use WinWay , sorry emurce ! I recommend WinWay Resume Deluxe 11.0 to everyone . Fast , easy , and convenient . Thanks WinWay Resume Deluxe 11.0 .
 If you 're on a Mac , you 've probably used at least one of these programs by now . If not , you 're missing out on what Steve Jobs calls `` The hub of your digital lifestyle . `` iMovie - For the amatuer film maker , or somebody who just wants to edit their own home movies , this is a cakewalk . Once you connect your camera through a Firewire port , you import your video . Add titles . Add fades , transitions , etc. . . Add some background music . Then , download it back to your camera -LRB- or , with a bridge , to a VCR -RRB- . Better yet , save it out and import the video to iDVD for burning.iDVD - I ca n't begin to tell you how easy this is . Create a menu -LRB- or select one of the many theme menus -RRB- . Import your video . Click burn to DVD . It is literally that easy . I made a DVD of our improv troupe for all the members ' Christmas gifts.iTunes - If it 's a music file ... mp3 , aiff , wav ... it can import to iTunes . Create a music CD . Burn it as a standard or mp3 CD with a single click.iPhoto - You can set this up to open and import the images as soon as your camera mounts to the desktop . Organize the images . Edit them for color or size . Then , burn a CD , make a slideshow , or even order a personalized bound book with your images and text.The one major flaw of these programs has been the lack of manuals -LRB- except through third parties -RRB- . A small price to pay for this kind of quality . Also , if you have no need for iDVD , the other three are available for download from the Apple web site .
 This is a collection of iTunes 3 , iPhoto 2 , iMovie 3 , and iDVD 3 that Apple offers on all their latest machines with Superdrive installed . All but iDVD 3 are available as downloads from the Apple website , but it is worth the $ ... or whatever to get them altogether and include the iDVD 3 . The iDVD 3 is not available as a download because of its size -LRB- > 1.3 gig -RRB- Each of the four programs is good , but the seamless combination of the four -LRB- five including iPod -RRB- makes this system an easy to learn combination . After looking for almost a year and a half at different software/hardware combinations for editing and converting -LRB- to digital for DVD -RRB- , I decided on the Mac and the iLife package . There are certainly more powerful individual programs available on both the PC and Mac platforms , but this combination beats everything else that I looked at for ease of use and simplicity in learning . I am very pleased with my decision .
 Where to start to talk about how amazing the latest offering is from Apple for the Macintosh ? Let 's take it one step at a time.iMovie 3
 I like Keynote . It makes it blissfully easy to do the majority of the things that presenters do -- in particular , create pie charts , bar charts , and other pretty-but-readable stuff . If you want to create good looking charts or presentations in a hurry , Keynote will almost certainly serve your needs.Plus , it 's easy to pick up . My learning curve _ might _ have been five minutes . -LRB- Though , to be fair , I 've reviewed hundreds of software applications for computer magazines , and I 'm a fast learner . So give yourself ten minutes , instead , before you pick up the adequate but not-overwhelming printed manual . -RRB- Keynote is a good example of technology helping rather than getting in the way . Except you 'll probably spend more than a couple of minutes playing with the really impressive set of slide transitions . I never need such things , but I had fun with them anyway.But do n't expect perfection . Keynote is a great version 1.0 , but it 's definitely 1.0 . So far , I 've found two glaring omissions
 I am in sales and needless to say I use Powerpoint often . The learning curve is short and you could churn out professional looking presentations in no time . However , it is a version 1.0 and it needs some growing up to do.You ca n't export to HTML but you can export to Quicktime , PDF , and Powerpoint . When you do export to Powerpoint you can not have all the bells and whistles that you may have loaded your presentation with . Keynote has different transitions and fonts than Powerpoint so those get lost when you export . My first trial presentation I loaded it with all the effects possible -LRB- transitions , shadows , animations , etc. -RRB- and exported to all the possible formats . It was very easy to do but none of the other formats looked as good as the original Keynote presentation . The Powerpoint presentation did come close but the graphics compared to Keynote just did not stand up . I did have to make some adjustments in Keynote to make the Powerpoint version better -LRB- took out the shadows -RRB- . When you make a movie you decide just how big you want it to be for the purpose of sending it via e-mail or posting it on the Internet . It was also incredibly easy making a PDF file.Where it does come strong is in graphics . The slides look beautiful and so does the text and the pie charts and graphs . The transitions are a lot of fun and mostly because they are new and have n't really been seen before . The program is very intuitive and easy to use . I look forward to the additional features that will surely come down the road .
 For years , PowerPoint has been the bain of my existence . My boss is obsessed with it . Every week it 's another presentation in PowerPoint . Finally , an alternative . As usual , Apple takes the `` point '' out of a Microsoft product . It seems fair , all things considered.The user interface for this program is fast and easy to learn . It even gives you several options of themes to use for those deadline crunches that we all run into from time to time . It includes the famous drag-and-drop functionality that we 've come to expect.Most importantly , you can save it out to PowerPoint for those less enlighted souls who still think that a Windows machine will help them keep up with the times .
 After being a slave to both Mc and PC versions of PPT , Keynote came along and threw off the bonds . As I own my own business and can use what I want , Keynote will replace PPT without hesitation.Graphic acuity , more choices and freedoms to manipulate charts and graphs with ease.No problem leaving MS PPT at the curb with the rest of the mutts . .
 This product is worth every penny you pay . It imports PowerPoints without flaw . The UI is very pleasing to the eye and gets out of the way . It is n't as feature rich as PowerPoint but it makes up for that with its incredible graphics.All the controls are very intuitive . I would definitely recommend this product to any Mac PowerPoint user , even if you just use it in addtion to PowerPoint .
 For most Mac users , slide presentations means Microsoft 's Powerpoint . Steve Jobs , CEO of Apple , in 2003 decided there is the Mac Way for presentations . In Steve Jobs words , &Ograve;Keynote makes your presentation really count . &Oacute;Under the Keynote HoodYou can choose transition , style , direction and speed when you use Keynotes Inspector . Creating object builds adds visual interest to your slide presentation . You can animate the elements on a single slide or in a group of slides.One click and you alter the opacity of a graphic using the Slide Inspector . Click twice and you can set the playback parameters for a QuickTime movie . The Build window in the Inspector allows you to preview , add , and manipulate transitions within and between slides.Apples Keynote allows you to include sound for your presentation . Apples Keynotes sound formats you can use are MOV , Flash , MP3 and AIFF . Also , you can add files from iTunes music library to your Keynote slide presentation . In addition , you can add a Quicktime movie to your slides.Pro ReactionKeynote has crisp , fresh graphics . Keynotes Drag and Drop and exporting to Apples Quicklime both work well . You can import Microsoft PowerPoint or AppleWorks presentations and create a custom theme base on those slides.You can store your images in Keynotes Image Library . Keynotes Cube and Mosaic Large transitions are outstanding for updating your Microsofts PowerPoint . You receive a Keynotes User Guide manual . No missing manual here.Con ReactionKeynote lacks prebuilt presentations . Also , Keynote has very little clip art to work with in presentations . Also , you have limited presentation themes to choose from in Keynote.Keynote Cube and Mosaic Large and small transitions do not render well when exporting in Microsofts PowerPoint or Acrobats PDF formats . Missing from Keynotes User Guide is an index.Final NotesYou can count on Keynotes sharp appearance , ease of use , and great price . Keynote makes it easy to create professional-looking presentations compatible with Microsofts PowerPoint . In addition , Keynote gives your presentations attractive slide-transition effects . I use Apples Keynotes software as a companion software for revising my Microsofts PowerPoint presentations .
 I work with plenty of powerpoint charts in my work with windows users ... but when I need a great statistics chart , I turn to Keynote . I have plenty of control over the output and the results are stunning.The export to powerpoint works terrific . However , if you build a presentation in Keynote , you may just consider exporting it into Quicktime so that the viewer can simply run through the presentation in pristine quality and enjoy all of the terrific transitions.I hope to see more office apps like this from Apple in the future .
 Despite its youth and inexperience , Keynote represents everything that 's right about computing in the Mac universe , and easily explains why I use a Mac.My full thoughts on Keynote are too long to post here , but if you would like to read all about it , just follow this link -LRB- cut and paste it into your browser if it 's not clickable -RRB- : Bill Palmer 's Keynote Review -LSB- website -RSB-
 I bought this for my 9 year old granddaughter . She had one before , but we could n't find it . She absolutely loves it , loves it , loves it . It is a creative game , and they get to choose all kinds of different things pertaining to a wedding -LRB- dress , bridesmaids dresses , groom , groom 's clothes , etc. -RRB- . I would say it 's a good game for ages 8-10 .
 One of WebObjects best kept secrets is the EOModeler . The EOModeler allows you to design a database , create entity relationships -LSB- including foreign keys -RSB- , encapsulate business logic in WO rules and stored procedures , and then generate/update your database from the model . All of this is done from within an Apple quality GUI , and it explicity supports OpenBase , Oracle , MSSQL Server , MySQL and Sybase -LSB- but it should work with any JDBC driver or JNDI driver -RSB- . Furthermore , you can then automatically generate an entire Java client application from this model . AND , you can reverse engineer a model and application from an existing database.Outside of that , the Apple review tells you what you need to know -LSB- aside from the fact that the WebObjects server supports load balancing and remote application server access -RSB- . This is a fantastic product . Believe the hype !
 WebObjects is a framework for deploying database-driven webpages and services . While it does not have the same exposure as ColdFusion , ASP , PHP , etc etc , it is a very strong competitor . I came to it from a PHP and MySQL background , and while it took a couple of weeks to get to grips with the WebObjects outlook , it is now a total joy to work with.The main thing about WebObjects that seperates it from the rest is the fact that it is an object-oriented system . Once you have the objects set up , you very rarely have to interact with the database at all , as the framework deals with all of the sql calls . Indeed , because of this fact , the database itself is totally removed from the logic , and so a vast range of databases can be used interchangeably
 I got this CD for my younger brother when he mentioned his was working on a history term paper at college . Figuring that he could do better than wikipedia , I searched around and found this CD . It has pages and pages of obscure sources on the War of 1812 . My bro was able to use the information to write a better paper and pass his class .
 I have Dreamweaver , Go Live , and Front Page so why am I bothering with this fifty-dollar program ? Because it works without the frustration that accompany the others.I 'm not a professional designer , just a small business owner who 's been needing to re-do my website for some time now and have been dreading it . My wife and I built it with Front Page which is the easiest to learn of the big three but it 's still a struggle to use at times.Web Easy is far easier than Front Page but not over simplified to the point that the features you want are stripped away . Everything I need is there and easy to find and figure out.I downloaded the free version from V-Com 's website lastnight , and was able to learn it mostly just by exploring . It has a searchable help index I used once when I had a question.I 'm truly excited about using this program because it works without having to fight it ! It 's exactly what I was hoping for .
 I have NEVER had any experience at all with building a website and I do n't know anything about software code , or programming . I bought Web Easy 6 because I wanted to try to build a personal website . At first I assumed I would have to spend days and days reading the software manual and then trying to figure out what the heck it was telling me to do . I installed the software and then , much to my great surprise -LRB- and delight -RRB- , I found that it was EXTREMELY EASY to figure out . Within just a few hours I had built my first complete page ! The software is LOADED with a variety of very impressive features . And , yes , it will take me time to read through the material and learn about them . But , I have to tell you , I think `` Web Easy 6 '' is a TERRIFIC PROGRAM for creating a very slick-looking , professional website . I will note that if you buy it and install Web Easy 6 , you might as well be prepared to call customer service -LRB- not toll free -RRB- to get the `` Unlock Code '' the software requires . The company is supposed to e-mail you this code when you register the product , but for some reason , their automatic reply email system does n't work . You can use the software without the code , but eventually it 's going to `` lock-up '' on you if you do n't have it .
 Ok - yes , its not very intuitive on a lot of things but as far as designs - its great ! If you have the patience to learn the software and just not expect it to spoonfeed everything to you its quite powerful actually and I love the fact that it organizes everything for me . My opinion , its definitely a step above Frontpage . If you have issues , there 's a VCOM website that you can access for technical support - they have a knowledge-base there and if you still need support you can email their techs - so far I 've figured out everything myself and I feel that investment of time will pay off in the future .
 I love this program !!! I used Webeasy pro 5 , this is not much different , but they are both great and very very easy . The only thing I wish one could do is edit the html inside the program somehow . Otherwise it is perfect !
 This could n't be easier to use -LRB- after a little trial and error -RRB- after reading the tutorials . I was creating my own web pages in less than 2 hours . After a week I was publishing my pages not only for myself but my friends too . The pages I made rivaled the $ 1500.00 sites that I saw advertised that businesses pay to have someone create!I wish I had gotten this product when it first came out.You ca n't go wrong with this.I give it 5 out of 5 stars for a premium low-cost Web Designer .
 Two of the other reviews of Screenblast Acid 4.0 compare this $ 60 program to the Professional version at around $ 250 . Both of them say that the Professional version is better . And this is surprising because ???? Acid , even when it came from Sonic Foundry , had the same business model as game consoles . Basically , sell the software for cheap and make the real money on selling loops . There is no difference now that Sony 's in the picture . As for comparisons between Pro 2.0 and Screenblast 4.0 , the fact that you can now get almost the same functionality for $ 60 as you used to get for $ 250 should be something to celebrate , not condemn.There are a few problems with the program . First , I 'd love to be able to edit the MIDI file from within the program . Oh well . MIDI sequencers are pretty cheap , and most people who buy this program ca n't play an instrument.Second , the effects are n't as comprehensive as you get on the $ 250 version . I guess that 's why I saved almost $ 200 . And one hint to add . Acidplanet.com is a website that you can use host songs for free . They also have available for FREE DOWNLOAD an `` Eight-Pack '' of loops . Every week eight new loops . -LRB- Yes , I know that it 's also marketing . But there 's no such thing as a free lunch . -RRB- They also have a couple of loop packages available for under $ 40 at any given time.Enjoy .
 Well it took Sonic Foundry a good while to release this edition of there Acid 4 program . Was it worth the wait ? Not really but for what you are paying for this program it is a steal . They changed a few things that make this worth buying -LRB- even if you are a Acid music 3 user -RRB- the song rendering is a lot better then what was offered with acid music 3 . There is no internet noise -LRB- as I call it -RRB- when using the render option . The files sound really clear . The upload site has changed with this program , for it will send you to the Screenblast site . The get loops/media option has changed with this program also you have the option to purchase loops from a Sony Screenblast site and become a member of this site -LRB- with a credit card -RRB- but that is a good thing because the loops where horrid that came with this particular program they seemed not only to be slim pickings they where some what generic . The program it 's self is very stable , if you are looking at any Magix program do not waste your time stay with this program . I have not had this program crash my computer -LRB- Sony Vaio Laptop -RRB- and it is still very easy to use . With my purchase of this program it came with a free light version of Sound Forge 1.0 -LRB- Sound editor program -RRB- , which has not been a bad program and has been useful . The people who have never used this program , you do get free webspace to use your program with -LRB- Acidplanet is the name of the web site -RRB- . There you can upload your creations and also enter remix contest for different signed artist -LRB- Madonna , Depeche Mode , Beck and ect . -RRB- . If you can not play a lick or have nil musical talent this is also a program for you . I am the most untalented person out there and I have made some very pro sounding music and even remixes.This makes this program fun and gives hours of fun and can take as little as 5 mins to come up with your first track.If you are a musician or singer , you can record in from the inline on your computer -LRB- You will need to use Acid Music Pro .4 to use your Midi input -RRB- . Thats it your talent has been added to your new song.This a good deal for the money and I have always said this about Sonic Foundry products -LRB- Comparing to Magix and Turtlebeach -RRB- , but you may want to pick up a loop -LRB- s -RRB- library when buying Acid Music 4 .
 The program -LRB- after careful review of several options -RRB- is to be used in my middle school computer courses . It is important to note that included with Acid is the program Sound Forge Studio that will allow my students to also edit their music . I found it to be the best value amongst several options.My classes are also beginning using its cousin , Screenblast Video Studio , another wonderful product!With our school short on funds , these purcases are being financed by local contributors , who agree these programs are valuable additions to our computer classes .
 I have been trying out this software , Pinnacle Studio 9 , Ulead Video Studio 8 , Adobe Premiere -LRB- version ? -RRB- , and Windows Movie Maker 2 . If you 're a beginner , and want to create high-quality home videos , I think this is your best bet . I 'm not a heavy video editor ; I just want to make movies of my 1-year-old and be able to do things like adjust the brightness and contrast of the video . I used to be a programmer before the baby so I 'm computer-savvy , however , I 've had zero experience with video editing . After trying all the above-listed software titles , I absolutely prefer Sony Screenblast Movie Studio . I 've read all the reviews , and Ulead & Pinnacle seem to lead the pack , but in my experience , the Sony software is so much easier to use . I can get what I want without a lot of fuss . Even installing Pinnacle was major ordeal , and I could n't install their patch over the trial software -LRB- invalid serial # , which , by the way , is NOT shown on the Help - > About menu on their trial software -RRB- . That 's my 2 cents . I plan on going out to purchase Movie Studio tomorrow , or soon . It 's my favorite after many trials .
 For the most part , Screenblast Movie Studio was written for a layperson like me . It is as easy to use as advertised . Editing is mostly accomplished by the cut & paste method . It has many more special effects than you would ever really need . All this for a reasonable price -LRB- under $ 100 -RRB- . I have tried others -LRB- like Ulead , OnDVD , MovieStar , etc. -RRB- , but this was by far the easiest program to use -LRB- with no loss of features for its simplicity -RRB- . By using the excellent tutorial , you can be up and running in less than an hour.There is one big negative that should be mentioned . There is too little discussion about the 4 gigabyte file limitation with Win98 -LRB- and some other OS -RRB- . It took me awhile to figure out why my DVD 's would only play 18 min 's and 47 sec 's of video , despite having much more data on it . I realize that this is a problem for all DVD editing and writing software , but there should be some mention of it in the manual -LRB- only a scant reference is made to it -RRB- , along with ways to deal with this issue . It was a rather trying experience finding the source of the problem and then learning how to deal with it.All in all , the program is by far the best editing software I have come across for both features and ease of use . It has my recommendation .
 I purchased Screenblast Movie Studio 3.0 in December 2003 and was productively using it within an hour or two of the install . I have n't run into any trouble at all . I 'm operating on a new , but bottom of the line Dell PC . I 'm very pleased with the system functionality . I was especially delighted to see that I could create a slideshow from digital photos and could use transition effects to move from one photo to the next . In addition , I was able to add a soundtrack to the slideshow . Then I was able to burn it to a CD and play it on my DVD . I was very impressed , but perhaps I impress easy . I recommend this software to anyone with at least a basic knowledge of technology . Its great for video movies , stills , incorporating the two , etc. . If you still have a VCR and its still blinking `` 12:00 '' , you will have to work hard to learn this , for everyone else , its great !
 I 'm not a professional video editor but am quite creative because of my fashion photography background . I needed a video software to make a video for my daughter 's gymnastics team . The end result using Screenblast turn-out awesome . The software was easy to use . The timeline style make so much sense vs. story boarding of competing products in this class . There are so many elements you can incorporate including pan & crop of still pictures . Transitions are nice . Stretching a video clip for slow motion effect is very hollywood quality . Separate tracks for text , video overlay , video , audio , audio background , and audio effects with individual controls are too good to be true . Documentation was easy to understand . I actually read a few pages only because I was waiting for video to render . Otherwise , software is simple enough to use . There 's even a wizard that guides you along while working on your own project . It 's like having an instructor on your side all the time . I have not joined Screenblast.com but I 'm sure there 's more surprises there for me . All in all , Sony or should I say Sonic Foundry has a great product . My recommendation
 Look people i will tell you right of the bat this program does it job . I am a film student and I am currently working on a 20 minute piece . And let me tell you i was editing within an hour . I have tried many other progams but this one really works . You will not be dissapointed . Pinnacle is a waste of money . Sony has done a good job .
 Look , you want to make your home movies interesting to watch ... right !? You want some flexibility in your video effects and transitions ... right !? You want to score your clips to existing CD tracks ... right !? You 're not afraid of spending a few hours on your PC instead of using a cut/paste video editor ... right !? Get Screenblast . This software is great for someone who is interested in quality video editing . Even if you 're a beginner , the tutorials will walk you through every step . The only part I did n't like about the package , is the DVD authoring software from Sonic DVD -LRB- Not part of Screenblast -RRB- . It 's like working on Windows 98 with 32MB of RAM . Buy the cheaper version of Screenblast without My Sonic DVD and find something that let 's you display more than five buttons per screen . Anyway , good luck and enjoy this crash-free , easy to use video editor .
 This is my first video editing software package but I was up and running in 30 mins . So far no complaints at all .
 I am a former Pinnacle Studio8 user and was so frustrated over it 's poor performance and stability that I almost gave up video work.I installed Sony Movie Studio and have been happy ever since . I 'm so glad I discovered it . It performs well , is rock solid stable , has powerful features that the more costly competition does not have , and offers excellent support and forums.Movie Studio is wonderful ... I can honestly say that there is not much more I coudl ask for from a package !
 Screenblast is so intuitive , I was able to create a DVD without even having to read the instructions . And the DVD looks great!I have spent a small fortune on software and hardware trying to get my digital home movies on to DVD . I have tried Ulead , Pinnicle , Microsoft movie maker , and even Adobe Premiere . It was all clunky and full of bugs ! I also bought a TDK indiCapture that is suposed to import video directly into the computer in the MPEG-2 format . Unfortunatally the software that comes with indicapture , ArcSoft ShowBiz ver 1 , crashed the computer every single time I used it . You can upgrade to version 2 , but it costs about 30 dollars more . What a rip off.Others have complaned about the lack of pre-set menus and that the DVD authoring is not integrated . Well , for 89 dollars this is what you get . Entry level DVD production software . If you want the professional options , prepare to spend 500 dollars or more !
 I 've used Adobe Premiere in the past , excellent but too expensive , I tried Ulead what a horrible experience , pinnacle reviews said crash after crash . Based on the reputation of Video Vegas I gave this product a try and it is really excellent.I 've used it so far to create 2 online projects for work documenting team meetings and posting the video online . It 's easy to work with different pieces of the timeline and then output them in an appropriate format like Windows Media 9 . Excellent integration with external codecs - quicktime , wmv , mpeg1 and 2 , and real video . The only drawbacks I 've found so far are no control over the output only fixed templates . For example if you wanted to fine tune the audio bit rate , SB will not let you do that . Oh well I guess it is an entry level package . Secondly , the outputted MPEG is a little bit halo prone . It 's supposed to be main concept encoder , but since you are not allowed to tune it at all , there 's no way to fix it.Lastly the NTSC mpeg2 video it creates is actually non-compliant for DVD production , since it only supports mpeg audio . In the US you really should output either PCM or AC3 Stereo . Neither of those are an option . I 've filed a bug against Sony , but they have not responded . If sony would allow a little more control over the output I would definitely give this package 5 stars.First the pros
 I needed a program to make dvd 's for my buisness . Bought a new sony computer , then started the program search . This program is my third or fourth , and is the best . The editor is a little complex , I can not run a lot of features yet.Program loaded easily into xp , the book is more helpful than any other book i recieved with the other softwear.Biggest anoyance is having to use the old program `` MY DVD '' to burn , and organize the chapters.This is a medium complex editor , capable of making nice chapters , with text control , and music or/and voice over , and the ability to make a nice front page for the dvd , with music track.Took me three programs to get here.My mother loved the slideshow dvd that I made for her of her Turkey/Greece trip . Perfect way to show her trip to family and friends.Now I can finish shooting video and get my dvd 's moved out .
 I bought this software to edit large-format videos that I take with my Minolta Z2 digital camera , which records sound and motion in the Quicktime -LRB- * . mov -RRB- format . My WinXP Movie Maker ca n't import that format , and I have n't found a way to make it handle more than 320x240 pixels . I checked other video editing software packages -LRB- the ones that allow a free-trial download -RRB- and not all of them can import Quicktime files . One more requirement
 I 've created more than a dozen of my home movies with this software . This program has a lot of features for idiot-proof user or even advanced user with croma-key function . Do n't get intimidated by looking at the user interface in the beginning . In fact you gain more experience over the time by using it more frequently , then you will realize how easy it is . It has free-MPEG decoder and DVD author programs . I like it very much !
 Bought this program after two working with two other programs that were too simple . Could not be more happy . My 15 and 18 year olds have loved working on projects using this program and our digital video camera . With three available adio soundtracks and multiple options on each video and audio tracks this has been fun to work with .
 This software is excellent for its price . Top quality for under $ 100 . For those who are complaining because it freezes or locks up a lot , that sounds more like a system issue NOT a software issue .
 I love this program . It is very powerful and has many neat features . I would not say it is exactly user friendly though . If you are good at learning new programs you will be fine . It does have a very detailed book that comes with it . It does help some . Overall I still like the program and would buy it again
 This siftware does it all . Great , precise editing . 5 stars !!!
 The main part of this package is what used to be titled Video Factory 2.0 from Sonic Forge -LRB- a company which Sony just bought -RRB- . That was -LRB- and is -RRB- a great video editor . The main additional feature to this product is the addition of Sonic 's MyDVD package to author DVD 's . The video editor has some great features , and is very versitile . It includes tools to enhance the audio tracks , which is very handy .
 I 'm not often inspired to write a review , but this program is exactly what I wanted . I demoed other programs like Showbiz , Pinnacle , VideoWave , and VideoStudio , and each had some impressive features . However , each left me unsatisfied in one way or another , from stability to ease of use to lack of configurability in many of the effects.The one thing I like best about Screenblast is that you get three general purpose video tracks and three general purpose audio tracks . They come preconfigured with names like `` Text '' , `` Overlay '' , `` Music '' , etc. , but you can use them for any media -LRB- and even rename them -RRB- . Overlay and chromakeying effects are a breeze.The next coolest thing is the Pan/Crop feature , which allows any video or static image to have a starting and ending screen position , zoom , and rotation . This flexibility allows for unlimited creativity in moving picture-in-picture and panning motion for static images . Really cool stuff!Finally , Screenblast 's effect support and library is fantastic . You can apply any number of effects to any clip in any order , and each effect is highly customizable , again optionally with starting and ending settings to achieve timed effects . I can only say `` Wow ! `` On top of all this , it has not yet crashed -LRB- at all ! -RRB- and the performance is good even on my 900mhz P3 Win2k machine.The only cons are the fact that some people might prefer a simpler storyboard mode -LRB- although most of the features only really make sense in the more generic timeline approach -RRB- , and you need to play with it for a bit before you can be fully comfortable with all its features . Flexibility often comes at a cost to simplicity , but the final result is almost always a better one.Five stars . What a great video editor !
 So I bought a MiniDV Camcorder with FireWire -LRB- IEEE 1394 -RRB- out and I wanted the best video editing software , but I also wanted something intuitive and fairly easy to use I also wanted something stable that would n't lock-up or crash my computer all the time . In my quest for the perfect video editing , burning package I tried Unlead VideoStudio , Sonic MyDVD/Mr . ShowBiz , Pinnacle Studio 8 and then finally ScreenBlast MovieStudio . All the other programs mentioned I found extreemly unstable -LRB- save Sonic MyDVD -RRB- and while some of them were super easy to use -LRB- e.g. Pinnacle Studio 8 -RRB- that easy of use came at the price of flexability.For video editing -LRB- primary what I was looking for -RRB- ScreenBlast Movie studio stood out above the rest with drag and drop video editing , it was the only program I found that took a multi-track approach to video and audio editing , this provides a great iterface for some of its FX -LRB- some of which are common only to high-end packages , such as Choma-Keying/bluescreening -RRB- , the core engine of ScreenBlast MovieStudio is the same of Sony 's higher end Vegas 4 product -LRB- Vegas 4 is the video editing counterpart to Adobe Photoshop and ProTools in my book , it has no equal for what it does -RRB- , perhaps a better name for ScreenBlast MovieStudio would have been Vegas 4 Lite , but Sony wanted to make this product target a very specific market.DVD burning is only average -LRB- this is the reason I 'm only giving this 4 stars -RRB- , Screenblast renders the MPEG-2 then hands it over to another program to burn the DVD -LRB- Sonic MyDVD actually -RRB- , so you 're limited to the average consumer grade menu editing structure , this is the weak point of this software , but you can always use a seperate program to burn your DVDs and author your menus -LRB- I perfer TMPEG DVD Author -RRB- . This design seems awkward , but it 's required because ScreenBlast Movie Studio -LRB- like Vegas 4 -RRB- were designed to be a general multi-track audio/video editing software package , MPEG-2 -LRB- DVD preped video -RRB- is one of many codecs supported , the reach of this program goes out much further -LRB- you can even use it as a multi-track recording studio and ignore the video editing all togeather -RRB- the higher end Vegas 4 does n't even come with DVD authorware unless you buy Vegas 4 + DVD , you have to keep in mind these two products are both developed by Sonic Fondary and started off as the same application.So if you want the most simple all-in one solution and you do n't want to spend any time learning you might look elsewhere , if you want real power in the video/audio editing department -LRB- beyond cheesy effects -RRB- and you do n't mind investing a few hours , look no further .
 The Screenblast Movie Studio is very easy to use and I had it doing video clips and transitions 10 minutes after opening the box . Installation was very smooth and the tutorial is quick and good enough to get you started . The manual that comes with the software is pretty good , but the HELP menu in the program itself is pretty much the way to go . Everything is drag-and-drop and making changes could not be any easier . I have used Adobe Premiere , Pinnacle 8 , and a few other OEM bundled packages and Sony Screenblaster is so much easier to use and in most circumstances , has better looking transitions and effects.You import video/pictures from any source and move it from the media pool to where you want it on the timeline . You can select transitions and view how each one works prior to incorporating it into your project . Doing that is drag-and-drop , just like everything else . Most of the production is just trial and error ... select a transition or effect , drag it where you want it and hit play to see how it actually looks in the view screen . If you do n't like it , click on it and delete and try something else . You will rarely need to use the help menu , everything is all laid out in from of you in a very organized and simple manner . I am totally in love with this product . The BAD side is the 3rd party DVD authoring from SonicFoundry . It crashes a lot and locks up everytime I select to burn a DVD straight from the camcorder . I have Nero 6 installed and it is not much better ... most of the newer DVD authoring software is full of bugs . -LRB- I use Roxio and Nero and neither one works all that good either . -RRB- Sony really has their act together on this product and I have already deleted the Pinnacle 8 program and will use this full time.The Sony software is 5 stars . Because of the SonicFoundry DVD authoring software they choose to use , which has wasted a few of my blank DVDs , they loose a star for that . This is a great buy .
 I 've been using this for several weeks after bad experiences with ArcSoft Showbiz and Ulead VideoStudio . I find the interface to be simple and straightforward . I was up and editing very quickly . There are a few quirks but they are easy to live with . It uses only a timeline interface ; I think adding a story-board mode would improve it , but I 'm doing fine without it.This editor has a rich feature set . For instance , you can apply video filters to individual clips , groups of clips , or you can just put it on the entire output . -LRB- Great for me , I can create one filter that compensates for the low saturation of my camera . -RRB- You can also create your own templates for filters , text , etc. . It has a very intuitive way of changing the gamma on fades , too . SMS also has better audio capabilities than the other tools I 've tried . And you can specify your own external audio editors , film capture tools , etc.On large projects it can be slow to load , but it 's pretty fast once it 's going . -LRB- Ulead VideoStudio is maddeningly slow all the time . -RRB- This tool uses MyDVD as the DVD authoring tool . It has some limitations but I 've worked out a few tricks that keep me happy.You can only capture as AVI , and when you `` create a DVD '' it generates AVI . So I use the honestech tool to batch-convert to mpegs -LRB- which causes some problems -RRB- and I generate mpg files and THEN go to MyDVD . Minor irritations.Overall I recommend this highly . I downgraded it on Ease of Use because they have a moronic online registration that rarely works . You have to register both the product and the mpeg plug-in , so be ready to call Customer Service twice.Documentation and tutorials are excellent . Well-integrated and thorough .
 Screenblast Movie Studio 3.0 is by far the easiest movie and picture editing program . Screenblast Movie Studio 3.0 has a wide range of editing tool to help you make a great presentation , and if you get stumped just click on Show Me How and an interactive help screen comes on . I do recommend you read through the very easy to read and helpful manual.I had used Windows Movie Maker , I felt it was too limited , and the biggest disaster of all was Pinnacle Studio 8 , it is the lemon of video editing programs , it looks pretty , but do n't let the glitter blind you . I tried Pinnacle on two different high powered computer one was an IBM 3ghz with 512meg Ram and the other was a Tiger Direct Systemax 3ghz with 1g of Ram and the program still would cause the computer to lock up and mess up my presentation.With Screenblast Movie Studio 3.0 I did the same presentation without any problem.The one thing I wish Screenblast Movie Studio 3.0 would be able to do is to accept the Windows AVI files . I 'm able to get around that by converting them to MPEG-2 or avi file extension as opposed to AVI.I still love Screenblast Movie Studio 3.0 for its flawless running ability and ease of use.I give Screenblast Movie Studio 3.0 Five Stars .
 as an editing program movie studio ca n't be beat . i am constantly amazed at the feature set , and what is possible to do . it is very stable and never crashes . i rate the editing part of the package -LRB- the movie studio software itself -RRB- 5 stars . very good value for the money.the dvd authoring is another story . despite the advertisements , authoring is not integrated and is handled by sonic mydvd v4 .5 , a very limited and disappointing program . that 's why i marked the overall package 4 stars.movie studio can almost handle 16:9 editing . all of the needed features for 16:9 are available during the editing process , the only hitch comes when encoding to mpeg-2 in order to create a dvd . this requires a workaround involving a free program called dvdpatcher to set the correct aspect ratio on the mpeg file before authoring . this only takes a second so it is n't a big deal.i honestly think movie studio is the best `` consumer '' -LRB- under $ 100 -RRB- editing program available .
 I think this is the best video product for the price . I 've done a lot of searching and reading and most people agree . It has terrific video effects , including zooming in on your videos , cropping them and text with shadows . And of course all the nifty fades and warps and such.Its interface is simple and effective once you get used to the timeline approach rather than the storyboard approach used in other programs . It takes some reading to get used to it because their are n't many intuitive , pretty buttons like some programs , but in the end you 'll be glad because it helps you focus on the main content , your videos.It comes with very useful tutorials that allow you to actually do the tutorial within the program rather than watch it.I have one big complaint that made this a 4-star review . They force you to register this before you can even use it , both the main program and the MPG1 and MPG2 plugin . If you do not have an Internet connection , you have to call them with your serial # and `` computer id '' and then get an activation code to enter . I had to do this twice over two days , once for the main program and then the next day after I discovered that the MPG plugins also require a separate activation .
 To briefly re-state what the previous reviews have correctly stated :1 -RRB- Much better than the competition . I 've tried them .2 -RRB- Has all the features ` that you would probably really use ' of the high end programs . It is the same as Sony Vegas with a couple of the features that most people would never use chopped out . A couple of the messages still say ` Vegas ' in them .3 -RRB- Very stable . Has never crashed over multiple large projects4 -RRB- You are easily able to take out or lower the volume on a little part of the sound track -LRB- if there is an unwanted sound or somebody says a few words that you want to take out -RRB- .5 -RRB- It comes with Sonic MyDVD which is a piece of junk but it does work if you want ugly menus . The latest CD version of Screenblast 3.0 comes with MyDVD 5.23 which is the newest version of MyDVD as of today ! Earlier reviews said that their Screenblast came with MyDVD 4.5 which is not true anymore . ** An earlier Amazon reviewer gave this product 1 star because they said
 Screenblast Movie Studio does a good job capturing video from my DV camcorder and creating MPEG-1 and MPEG-2 files for either VCD or DVD production . The program almost never crashes -LRB- as opposed to Pinnacle 8 which almost always crashes -RRB- , so it scores perfect on my scorecard for stability . -LRB- update -RRB- - You may encounter problems with internet registration . Seems like the program directs you to an old web address no longer valid for registration . I downloaded update/patch for Movie Studio , then the online registration worked flawlessly.It is not true that DVD authoring is integrated . Sony provides a separate program MyDVD for that purpose . It is a buggy program , and crashes when it tries to import MPEG-2 files . I am still shopping around for alternative . By the way , the Sonic website -LRB- for MyDVD -RRB- will allow me to input information describing all my problems , but then give me a server error when I hit ` submit ' , so according to them I have reported zero problems and the software works perfectly.If you buy Movie Studio , be prepared to dish out extra money for a DVD authoring program . If you only want to do VCD with MPEG-1 , then maybe MyDVD will work for you .
 I learned how to play a few songs in only a few weeks . It was really helpfull and informative . I 'd recommend it for anyone .
 This being the first generation of the product I am cutting it some slack . I bought this to develop 3d for Flash . My major problem with the product is documentation , the is none to speak of . The tutorials that they have are okay , but they barely scratch the surface . If you are not firmilar with 3d programs , like me , then you are in for a lot of hours of experimenting . You should be able to fairly easily do simple shapes , scenes and camera moves . More complex characters and animation are possible with this program , you will just have to do a lot of research if you are not already firmilar with 3d program . Someone write a book about using Plasma , would you .
 probably one of the best 3d programs in this range of price.Ideal for making 3d web animation sites , very compatible with 3d studio MAX , Director8 .5 or greater and Flash.It allows you to create 3d forms from a 2d image , create animated 3d movies , and add them to your web page . In addition to the Macromedia programs , you will go a step higher on your web designing skills.Maybe after someone publish a few `` Learning Plasma '' books , it will deserve the 5 stars.Meanwhile , still hoping ...
 It is very good tool for people who are interested in learning by themselves torah hebrew and prononciation of the words.Unfortunatelly it has only Sefardic prononciation .
 I have Maptech 's Terrain Navigator for Texas , Oklahoma , Kansas , Arkansas , Missouri , New Mexico and Colorado . It is by far the best topo program I 've used . I 'm able to place comments on a map , pinpoint locations , use my Garmin 60Cs to track movement , and a variety of other things . I have used it for my business , and it 's become indispensable for us.I have tried Nat'l Geographic 's topo program for Utah , and it does n't have quite the number of features of Maptech . Nor is it as easy to use . The only gripe I have when comparing Nat'l Geographic 's program to Maptech is that a person is able to copy the Nat'l Geographic map CDs directly to your hard-drive , rather than to have to find a CD for any given map.This program contains copies of the actual USGS maps in 1:25 k and 1:100 k formats . The data seems very up-to-date -LRB- I 've compared the Maptech maps to hard-copy maps at REI -RRB- , and you 're able to zoom in quite a few levels.I highly recommend this for any state and for any outdoor endeavour . -LRB- ADDENDUM - ONE YEAR LATER
 I bought this 2 years ago for a great price and I 've used it a lot.This contains the actual scanned USGS 1:24 K and 1:100 K maps so you know you are getting the real thing . The software seamlessly integrates them together , or you can view individual quads . I loaded the entire set of CDs on my PC so I just start the software and view any Colorado map.The search feature works reasonable well . However , sometimes the name of the land feature is worded differently than you expect -LRB- ex . Holy Cross , Mount of the -RRB- so you wo n't find it the first time . You can leave off words like Mount and it will find on a partial match.The features for routes and tracks are reasonably easy to understand and use . I 've printed routes and uploaded them to my GPS -LRB- Garmin 60 CSx -RRB- . I 've also downloaded tracks from the GPS and put them on the map . It has a feature for viewing the profile of a route . It also has a 3-D view but I do n't use it much as it is somewhat crude.I like that you can change the scale of printed maps to include the desired area on 8.5 x ll paper . You can also selectively include the scale , gridlines , route information and notes on the printed maps.All in all it is a good product .
 I use FreeBSD 5.2 on three separate computers , one personal and two commercial web/email servers -LRB- as well as several V4 .9 and V4 .6 server computers -RRB- . It is easy to install and packed with features . It works with almost any software and hardware . It will run pretty much any Linux program , as well as many Windows programs via WINE -LRB- but do n't think you are going to run graphically intense Windows games like Battlefield 1942 on it -- that is not what it is made for -RRB- . Many folks think it does n't work with P4 Hyperthreading , but it does . For me , the strength of FreeBSD is threefold
 Most computer users have heard of Linux . How it 's stable , secure and rarely crashes . And this is true . And most know that Linux patterns itself after Unix in structure and function -- though not in source code . Linux has risen to be THE alternative to the Windows hedgemony.But there are other OSs that inherit the same great characteristics of Unix but are not Linux
 I 'm a composer here in the West Midlands , and I also teach in various schools in the area . I bought this software for my students recently , but after using it for a while and realising just how useful it is I 've now bought my own copy for when composing at home.Basically it 's got comprehensive information about almost every orchestral/band instrument you can think of -LRB- and a few you wo n't even have heard of -RRB- - but presented in a very useful & interesting way . There are pictures , orchestral & band layouts , instrumental ranges , notated examples from well-known pieces , historical context , plus -LRB- most importantly of all -RRB- hundreds of excellent audio recordings.What 's more there 's complete information about every technique in the orchestration books , from bowing to multiphonics to percussion mallets , again all with recordings . This is completely invaluable stuff , even for a professional composer . Where else -LRB- in one place -RRB- can you actually * hear * the difference between jete and spiccato , or a cup mute and a Harmon mute ? -LRB- Or a fingered trill and a lip-trill ! -RRB- The orchestration books naturally * mention * all these things , but do n't of course come with recordings.There 's also a quiz , intended for students I suppose , to test what they 've learnt - I tried it out -LRB- at the advanced level -RRB- and I confess not even I got full marks ! -LRB- Some of those questions are really tricky ... -RRB- Overall , I 'd say this is invaluable both as an approachable introduction to instruments for students -LRB- even beginners -RRB- , and as excellent reference material for professionals . -LRB- Disclaimer
 I 'm such a Sibelius fan!I just got `` Instruments '' today , and could n't help but boast about it . I just ca n't stop diving deeper into this program . It 's like the most wonderful interactive musical encyclopedia you could possibly imagine . Nothing comes close to this if you want a one-stop way to learn EVERYTHING about instruments , ensembles , etc. , including HOW THEY SOUND !! Every musician -LRB- from beginners to pros -RRB- should have this program . I imagine it would be a very popular learning tool in schools . I wish this was around when I went through music training ! Funny thing is , it 's a bit humbling because you 're likely to LEARN something from it , no matter how educated you are . : - -RRB-
 Instruments by Sibelius is a must-have software for every music educator . Musicians who have an interest in band and orchestra instruments will also find this interactive , multimedia guide to be a valuable resource . Installation is very simple , even for the novice.Instruments provides a fairly comprehensive presentation of the instruments , including notated and sound examples , playing techniques , listening lists , pitch ranges , and writing for the instrument family.Of special interest to the music educator are the student assignments , lesson plans , and a quiz . The student assignments are designed to help students understand the evolution of the orchestra , bands , and other ensembles . Permission to photocopy any of the assignment pages is given to schools and colleges that own Instruments-a big plus . The lesson plans are particularly effective if you have a computer projector to use as a teaching tool . The quiz is designed in a multiple-choice format to test knowledge about the instruments , ensembles , and playing techniques as described in the software.I highly recommend Sibeluis Instruments to all enthusiasts of band and orchestra instruments , but especially to teachers of music education .
 I 'm a composer mainly , and I also teach in various schools in the area . I bought this software for my students recently , but after using it for a while and realising just how useful it is I 've now bought my own copy for when composing at home.Basically it 's got comprehensive information about almost every orchestral/band instrument you can think of -LRB- and a few you wo n't even have heard of -RRB- - but presented in a very useful & interesting way . There are pictures , orchestral & band layouts , instrumental ranges , notated examples from well-known pieces , historical context , plus -LRB- most importantly of all -RRB- hundreds of excellent audio recordings.What 's more there 's complete information about every possible technique , from bowing to multiphonics to percussion mallets , again all with recordings . This is completely invaluable even for a professional composer . Where else -LRB- in one place -RRB- can you actually * hear * the difference between jete and spiccato , or a cup mute and a Harmon mute ? -LRB- Or a fingered trill and a lip-trill ! -RRB- The orchestration books naturally * mention * all these things , but do n't of course come with recordings!There 's also a quiz , intended for students I suppose , to test what they 've learnt - I tried it out -LRB- at the advanced level -RRB- and I confess not even I got full marks ! -LRB- Some of those questions are really tricky ... -RRB- Overall , I 'd say this is invaluable both as an approachable introduction to instruments for students -LRB- even beginners -RRB- , and as excellent reference material for professionals . -LRB- Disclaimer
 Sibelius Software has produced yet another excellent music teaching tool . Instruments is comprehensive and attractive . Whilst designed as an aid to serious music study , it is proving to be equally fascinating for children and teenagers . Participants appreciate the non-nonsense approach , beautiful graphics , appropriate sound examples and the uncompromising thoroughness of the quizzes .
 There is no other software in the world that does this
 This program has the most documents in one place than I have ever seen.I bought this version as an resource for my personal Bible Study time , and for more information to raise my family . The software was easy to use , and the support staff was very friendly . No matter was you wanted to know about the Bible , or what version you wanted in , this has it . Maybe you want to organize a prayer list , or keep a journal , or read a daily verse , it has all that too .
 This is the best bible software i 've ever used . This software takes you to to new depths in studying God 's word !
 I bought this for my oldest son . He recently became very interested in studying the bible after he met his girlfriend . This is an excellent way to study the Bible without the addition of the theology of particular religions coming into play . I have noticed that his ability to understand the Bible is greatly improved and I am very happy with the purchase .
 It works but takes alot of time to teach it.It says it has 60 games already but you must have the 60 games on yourcomputer . Other wise its ok .
 Lotus Domino R5 System Administration Part 6
 This product produces maps that are just like looking at a Topo with the added feature of bing able to make changes to the map . How much better could it be .
 While convolusion verbs seem to be the latest craze , there not always appropriate for certain elements or production techniques in a mix . A complete studio must also have a nice collection of algorithmic reverbs . CSR has put together a wonderful package of verbs that are very remeniscent of some top quality hardware units that you would find in most professional studios . They offer you more control and parameter tweakability than you could ever hope for as well as being very CPU friendly . For the price , it 's hard to beat . Go out and check the price of a Lexicon 480/960 or a TC6000 and you 'll see what I mean .
 I use it to find our sites for work . Cheap GPS and a cord , and it will track you to a marked location . It does have some slight kinks in the software , but overall great .
 This program is not perfect , but does a real good job most of the time . The interface is straight-forward and it is pretty fast . I would purchase this product again .
 I have n't used it extensively yet , but my first impression is-impressive ! I scanned in a finacial statement that was organized in rows and columns . I scanned it into Excel without any errors and it put everything in to right row and column . The only problem was it did n't align the header row properly , but that was easy to fix . I liked it 's interface and dictionary spell checker . It 's easy to use and very reasonably price .
 I got my first FULL version with the purchase of PC PRO magazine -LSB- issue 118 , august 2004 -RSB- . -LSB- produced by a UK publisher , www.pcpro.uk.co I think -RSB- It simply required a `` Free '' registration and then the folks at ABBYY sent a serial number to make it a FULLY functional program.I have used several programs , the most recent being textbridge 9 and omnipage 8.0 and 9.0 . But the speed and accuracy of finereader pro 5 just blew me away.The price of the PC PRO magazine had been like $ 14.99 at my local bookstore -LSB- for both the mag and accompanying CD -RSB- . By the time it arrived from the publishers in the UK and was put on display at my local bookstore , it was either Sept or Oct 2004 . But the ABBYY software installed and registered flawlessly . -LSB- despite the magazine disclaimer to register by aug or sept of 2004 -RSB- A couple friends saw the program in action and were equally as awestruck as I was . We ran our own evaluation tests between finereader 5 pro and textbridge , omnipage 8 and 9 . Finereader won in both speed and accuracy . Especially accuracy.I do n't have to tell anyone that uses OCR just how much it BITES if your OCR package reports a high percentage of `` unreadables '' and/or `` mis-reads '' . -LSB- If there are too many unreadables , you can reach a point in which it becomes easier to just type a document out yourself -RSB- . Ok , so my documents did have TONS of acronyms.But I came close to a blister on my finger , when I kept having to hit the IGNORE button , during my scansoft ocr exercises.Finereader was about 50 % less `` unreadables or mis-reads '' . -LSB- sorry I do n't have an EXACT percentage to provide -RSB- . I really am thinking aboutan upgrade to finereader 7 -LSB- the latest version I think -RSB- but with version 5 working so well , I hate to change anything .2 thumbs up ! Way up ! Good job ABBYY .
 Abbyy FineReader 5.0 is a great product beating the likes of OmniPage 6 , and even more miserable TextBridge hands down -LRB- God , why does Epson package this miserable excuse for software with its scanners ? -RRB- . Well worth the money . There 's a bit of a learning curve , but nothing too difficult to get the hang of .
 I have n't used it extensively yet , but my first impression is-impressive ! I scanned in a finacial statement that was organized in rows and columns . I scanned it into Excel without any errors and it put everything in to right row and column . The only problem was it did n't align the header row properly , but that was easy to fix . I liked it 's interface and dictionary spell checker . It 's easy to use and very reasonably price .
 I scan books that are in the public domain , which is a demanding task for OCR software . The bottom line is that the Abbyy FineReader Pro v5 .0 is THE BEST OCR software on the market right now . It far surpasses Scansoft 's Textbridge Millennium . The only thing that even gives FineReader Pro 5.0 any competition is Scansoft 's OmniPage Pro 11 , but FineReader is still far better . Since Scansoft bought out Textbridge -LRB- from Xerox -RRB- and bought out OmniPage -LRB- from Caere -RRB- , you would think they could develop a superior product , but that 's not so . Omnipage appears to be billed as an upgrade to Textbridge -LRB- I 'm guessing that Scansoft is sending Textbridge to the graveyard -RRB- . Scansoft claims in an advertisement that they spent a YEAR combining the programs . However , Scansoft did not even include rudimentary features of Textbridge in OmniPage 11 . For instance , if you scan a book two pages at a time with the binding flat against the scanner -LRB- this is very common for older books that need to remain intact -RRB- , Textbridge Millennium could split apart the pages using a dual-page mode . This was an extremely helpful if not critical feature for scanning books . However , this feature does not exist in OmniPage 11 . FineReader on the other hand , can do this and more . It works great with Auto Document Feeders and it is far more accurate than OmniPage 11 . Finally , FineReader 's error/spell checker is once again far superior to OmniPage 11 . The only single advantage that OmniPage 11 has over FineReader 5.0 is that it can import Adobe PDF documents for further OCR work . Otherwise FineReader Pro 5.0 is the way to go.Also , regarding a former review , FineReader allows you to exclude optional-hyphens in the output file . Check in the advanced section of the output format . Including them is not a mistake . It 's actually quite impressive that the program knows those that are optional-hyphens and those that are not .
 Not a term I use too often , but prior to getting my hands on Abbyy 's FineReader 5.0 Pro I was always under the impression that OCR software was a joke ; an opinion bolstered by mine and others ' experience of applications like Text-Bridge . Not FineReader . This stuff is in its ability to convert scanned documents into text files that can then be formatted in your word-processor . With FineReader 5.0 Pro I can do what would take me over a week - assuming I did n't go loopy in the process of transcribing it - in under an hour ; converting about 20,000.00 words worth , into a useable MS-Word or RTF file.FineReader makes very few mistakes . Some worth mentioning are the following : Text hyphenated in order to allow a word to wrap in the original
 After looking around the Internet for information on affordable PC desktop OCR products , it seemed clear to me that Abbyy 's `` FineReader 5.0 Pro '' was probably the best product for my needs . I have not been disappointed . I read a lot of negative `` press '' about OCR capabilities in general and I was not impressed by the OCR software bundled with my Canon 620P Scanner . You should also keep in mind that this was my first experience with any kind of OCR software.My immediate requirement was to translate a five year-old , 57 page document to MS Word , so that it could be updated . The source document was lost sometime in the past . As a consequence , no one was interested in starting `` from scratch '' to update the document . The survivng hardcopy of the document was produced by a laser printer in black and white on 81/2 by 11 plain paper . The content consisted of text , logos , graphics , and a number of simple tables.It took me approximately 2.5 hours to scan the entire document and about 2 days , full time , to complete the project . This time estimate includes the time to get familiar with the program.Without counting the total number of words in the document , I would estimate that FineReader was 99 % accurate translating the text . The only place it had any difficulty was in procesing some of the section header numbers in the table of contents -LRB- TOC -RRB- . For exampe , the program translated the image `` 8 . x '' to '' & . x '' in several instances and also confused `` I `` s and `` 1 `` s several times . Given the italicized font of the characters images and the errors are easy to understand . The few errors I did find were quickly identified and easily corrected manually in MS Word.Tables took a little more manual work . FineReader 's layout analysis logic had no problem identifying all of the tables , but , as noted in the software documentation , the program may not always be able to convert table cells with multiple lines of text and preserve the table row and column alignment of the orignal document . In my case , these problems were easy to fix using the column and row identifier tool provided in the software . Once I marked the location of rows and columns on the scanned image of the table , the tables were translated correctly , requiring only minor editing `` touch-up '' to align text in table cells to match the original document.The only problem I have encountered with this software product was the result of the distribution package I received . Abbyy offers a `` try and buy '' distribution that consists of a 3.5 '' floppy diskette and a CD-ROM . The combination of media provides copy protection and is not problem unless , like me , you have a laptop PC that can support either a CD-ROM or a 3.5 '' floppy diskette , but not both at the same time . In short , I called Abbyy 's technical support line and they told to return the floppy diskette and CD-ROM to them and they would send me a single CD-ROM . I isntalled and used the single CD-ROM I received from the vendor with no further problems.The `` message '' is that you should make sure you understand which distribution of the software you are purchasing . The box did state , in the system requirements section , that the program required a 3.5 '' diskette and a CD-ROM drive . I did not deduce , however , that both devices were required concurrently.The manual that came with my distribution was entirely adequate for my purposes , suffering only from the occasional grammatical problem common to many manuals for products developed in countries where English is not the native language . -LRB- FineReader was developed by Abbyy , a Russian company with headquarters in Moscow . -RRB- I am an experienced computer user and typically install a new software product and then try to use it immediately without bothering to read the documentation . I believe you could take this approach with FineReader , but I recommend reading the documentation first , particularly , if , like me , you are not familiar with the basic flow of the OCR process . The manual is n't that long and you probably wo n't need to read all of it , to get enough information to starting using FineReader productively.Because I am not an experienced OCR user , I am reluctant to say that this product will meet the needs of everyone or every job . I was delighted , however , with what the product was able to do for me . As I said at the beginning of my comments , I was not disappointed by Abbyy 's `` FineReader 5.0 Pro '' .
 About 5 years ago , I had a vision of converting all my magazine clippings and other research material to digital form so it would take up less room and be easier to find and consult . It took at long time to find the hardware and software to convert from vision to reality and OCR was the hardest part . FineReader is the only OCR package that could fill the bill , and I 've tried them all ! Compared to earlier versions , FR 5 is more stable , more capable on difficult scans , and more flexible in its features . On ordinary-hard material it will do the whole thing without intervention and with good accuracy . When the scan copy is really poor or exceptionally complex , or when the ultimate in accuracy is critical , then some hand editing of the recognition blocks and/or hand correction of the results is called for -- but FR 5 makes it as easy as possible . I do a lot of scanning of statistical data in tables and its abilities for this are truly amazing.For my purposes I need to save the output to a PDF file , and until OmniPage 11 -LRB- more expensive and not nearly as good as FR -RRB- , FR was the only consumer-oriented package that would do this in one step . It 's a huge advantage.Limitations ? There are some
 Unlike most OCR programs this one works . Toss out your bundled OCR software that came with your scanner . It only provides you with an opportunity to practice your typing skills . FineReader 5.0 Recognizes and learns from it 's mistakes.And it does n't cost nearly what some other , less capable programs do.One note ... it does have some issues with Windows XP . There is a 22meg service pack available from the publisher 's US website along with a registry hack to make it behave . I have used it successfully with Win98SE , WinME , and XP though.Enjoy !
 Compared to the American-produced products I have seen in the past , this is a major step forward . Very high accuracy in a wide range of languages . My only beefs are two
 I bought Scansoft Textbridge Pro Millennium -LRB- ... -RRB- at a physical store and was REALLY dissatisfied with the results of even simple scans . It was certainly NO better than the Presto PageManager 98 that came with my Epson 1200U scanner . THEN I went and read the reviews of the product here on Amazon . OOPS ! I would never have purchased it if I 'd read the reviews here first ! When will I learn to check Amazon before I buy anything ? Fortunately , the publisher agreed to accept a return.Then I purchased ABBY FineReader 5.0 from Amazon . Well , the differences between it and Textbridge were ASTOUNDING ! In side-by-side tests of a scanned newspaper article , FineReader reproduced it perfectly as an MS Word file . Textbridge 's OCR engine made a jumbled mess of it all .
 I 've owned several different OCR programs -LRB- since the inception of OCR -RRB- , Abbyy FineReader 5.0 Pro OCR is the best one I 've ever used . I use it for reading both English and Greek , it is flawless . It is especially good at reading -LRB- flawlessly -RRB- small fonts -LRB- I 've tested it on 8 pt . and newspaper articles -RRB- . I can copy dual pages from books , and it will automatically format them in portrait , again flawlessly . This is the first OCR software I 've had that requires only minor editing -LRB- only format , never extra wierd characters -RRB- . I suspect the great price is because v. 6 is being released .
 I 've been using FineReader Pro 5.0 for a week and I 'm really pleased with the excellent job it does . My most critical need was to scan `` grainy '' pages -- printouts of microfilm pages . These pages are scarred with scratches and blobs . FR does an unbelievable job of interpreting the text accurately . It lets you know where it has guessed , and it guesses right in the great majority of cases . It also highlights where guessing is impossible and lets me correct the text while looking at a blowup of the problem area . This saves me from having to locate the problem on the paper original.Another useful feature
 I bought this software , primarily on the basis of the reviews on Amazon . It installed easily ... and I should note that although I 've used several scanning packages , this is the first one I 've bought . The capabilities of the software are truely awesome ... some real virtuousity is clearly evident . Tables and text scan easily and flawlessly into every kind of file I can think of . Amazing.The problem I have with Finereader 5.0 Pro it is really two-fold . First , the manual is pathetic ... nowhere would one discover how to use the product , much less what it is capable of delivering , if s/he relied on the manual . It just does n't make sense and has loads of omissions . Second , the email support is literally useless ... I do n't really think there is anything but an email address at the other end ... No response , at all . I was about 15 minutes from returning the whole box when I tried something completely illogical to change the scanner settings , when , Voila ! The thing started working.Whatever , you do ... do n't rely on the manual . A good technical writer with several weeks ' experience with this package could earn this company a lot of grateful and loyal customers . Are you ABBYY guys listening ?
 Cute and clever , More Bugs In Boxes may on the surface seem like a `` fluff '' game , but there 's a lot of learning going on beneath those wacky bugs ' antics . Memory games , puzzles to figure out , plus plenty of plain ol' fun . My kids , now 4 and 6 , still adore this game , and we 've had it for about three years . They still request it regularly ! Just one word of warning
 My sister , math genius and teacher , got the first game for my oldest son when he was two . He loved it and began teaching it to his brother when he five and his brother was two . They enjoyed playing the game together and now that my youngest is three as much as he likes the original he need some new games to keep his interest.This game also has the same fun bug characters who make silly sounds and wacky faces . It has different games that are new and keep my toddler 's interest . Great follow-up game with a lot more fun and learning .
 I 've been using Omni-10 and recently was about to remove the old Presto from my harddrive . However , I ran across the new ABBYY FineReader Office and gave it a try . For my money , it 's a LOT better than Omni-10 -LRB- do n't know about -11 except that it 's costly -RRB- . FineReader does n't have the text-to-voice of Omni , but I do n't do any recognition of tables -LRB- where the feature is supposed to be valuable -RRB- anyway . FR 's character recognition is superior , but the best feature is that it chooses a font size and kerning that really do an excellent job of reproducing the original -LRB- not choosing too-small font sizes with giant spaces , like Omni-10 -RRB- . Overall , beats Omni-10 -- which in turn beats everything else !
 I have used several programs over the years.OmnipageTextbridgePagemanagerIrisThen I got ABBYY 5 pro and was blown away by it 's accuracy ; even with a cheap scanner , that cost only 20 bucks.It 's so nice to only have to fix 5 or less items after an OCR scan , vs the 10 , 20 or more errors left after running a competitor 's OCR software package .
 This product exceeded all of my expectations ! The software was easily downloaded and automatically updated the earlier version of Terrain Navigator . It also saved all of the waypoints , routes , and tracks from the earlier version to the new maps .
 Ok if you are a Final Fantasy Fan -LRB- FFF -RRB- you know that Squaresoft never brought FF2 , FF3 to our american Shores ... during the NES Days of Late Eighties/early ninties . This game introduced the Job system for the Franchise and Had a Very Difficult End BOSS . Their is a Remake for the Nintendo DS , but if your an Old School Player then You 'll appreciate the graphics more on the NES -LRB- Famicom -RRB- . This Game is in Japanese so you 'll need to know japanese or use a Translator Webpage to help you . To be Honest I could n't Get into the DS version So I purchased the Original ... Yup I 'm Old School .
 Great ! This is a good item and it will be use for a long time to come . I like it .
 I have been using the Office XP Beta for several months . The icons highlight better , the task panes are very helpful , especially in PowerPoint , and the applications run snappier , although a speedy PC always helps.The most interesting feature with the largest potential is Smart Tags . Many are built into the applications , and they allow the user access to many commands right at the point of need as opposed to having to use the menus . As more people develop Smart Tags , they will be available for downloads and installation on any PC . With the capability of Smart Tags , almost any feature or function whether local or over the Internet can be implemented . Many previously custom developed applications can now be implemented with small amounts of Visual Basic code implemented as Smart Tags . Smart Tags can even be implemented in Internet Explorer with Microsoft free Web Components.The two negative features . One is on-line registration which will limit flexibility in where Office XP is installed . The second is the fact the Outlook 2002 will not allow emails containing exe , vbs , or 11 other extensions to be read . These attachments are held by Outlook and not available to the receiving user to stop the spread of viruses . There should be a way to override this , but the release version allows no override .
 ... Well , as you 've seen above -LRB- or maybe now below -RRB- this is basically what used to be known as MS Office Premium ... from what I 've experienced and seen it has been remade very well I can only recommend it to anyone who will actually need all of the features . For those of you that do n't , compare the price of the standard or professional update 's with which ever additional programs that you might need . Now my gripes :1 . Where is the update version of this product ?! For those of us that have already spent the money for Office Premium 2000 ... I think that we deserve it , Mr. Gates ! 2 . The mandatory registration ; Bill , I do n't like the idea that there is no way of knowing what information is REALLY being sent to Microsoft ... to the users
 In the interests of full disclosure , my thanks to Microsoft for providing me with a subscription copy of Office XP . I would n't own XP if I had to pay for it.The new features in XP , be they useful -LRB- like better document recovery -RRB- , bearable -LRB- like the activation procedure -RRB- , or merely easily disabled -LRB- like task panes -RRB- , simply do not provide a compelling reason for most users to upgrade . This software costs slightly less than my first car did ... would that I could spend that kind of money on non-essentials ! So who should upgrade ? I would say that group consists mostly of large businesses looking to take advantage of XP 's new collaboration features and owners of Office 97 Small Business Edition who would like one of the applications not contained in that package . And why this version ? Because it contains EVERYTHING , including a very cool mouse , and it 's only available for a limited time.In parting , shame on Microsoft for continuing their trend of ridiculously understated and actually steep system requirements . You really do need a new system -LRB- P-3 / Athlon , 128MB RAM , and a 17 '' monitor -RRB- to get the most from this software - given the wide install base of 64MB Celerons with 15-inch screens , this is a travesty . Linux anyone ?
 This is a very pricey suite of applications , but if you are thinking about Office 2000 forget it , go to XP . This is the greatest version of Office I have ever worked with -LRB- that would be all of them to date -RRB- and Microsoft has listened to the customer . The voice recognition engine -LRB- L&H -RRB- is very good out of the box , and the improvements to Outlook , Publisher , and FrontPage are right on target . Access supports previous versions -LRB- 2000 by default -RRB- , Task panes , clipboard , search , and everything else that is shared between the programs are nearly flawless . SmartTags are GREAT . If you ca n't tell by now , I love this product . You get what you pay for ...
 I 've been trying out Office XP and have appreciated the enhanced features and the improved reliability of the software . If you work in an office environment or do a lot of office work at home , you will experience this software and the experience wo n't be so bad . But ... for an upgrade ? Ouch ! Definitely not for the home user.If you want a similar experience for less , consider WordPerfect Office Suite 2002 or , better yet , StarOffice 5.2 . Both are less expensive , compatible with Office 2000 and have similar features . In particular , StarOffice 5.2 can be downloaded for free .
 Having worked in the MS Office environment at work , I can now get that same arrangement of software programs that allow me to further my knowledge of Microsoft.Product was received in a timely manner - actually before the intended date - and has met and exceeded my expectations .
 I have been using Microsoft Office XP Professional Plus Version Beta for a short while of time now and I am finding it a great application yet to date . I have been using the application extensively , for work and home and I have noticed that reliability has been slightly improved and this is of great achievement . For any of Microsoft Office program to stop responding , a great improvement is of Auto-Recover that would recover the document before the work goes into a land of black holes . It is of a great tool and this would save me from swearing at the computer , in fact it has already saved my work that would usually take me another two hours to reproduce . On another note , features such as `` Smart Tags '' and `` Task Panes '' are also of a welcome intake as changes can now be done very easily like font-changes and inserting images . Microsoft Office XP programs now offer -LRB- finally -RRB- multiple highlighting so to save time and effort . Mail merge is now easier and the clipboard now holds more . Individuals will now be pleased that the paper clip will now be eradicated with the much delight from myself and other individuals and to curtail the times of swearing at it . However , individuals can still turn it on if you still miss it or use it . Overall , Microsoft Office XP is a welcome piece of software and with voice-recognition -LRB- for the times when typing too much is a strain or you can not be bothered -RRB- then it is here to stay , until the next version of Microsoft Office . However , there are a few setbacks on the improvements of Microsoft Outlook Express and of Smart Tags in some programs not as comprehensive as in Microsoft Word but these should not be a problem really in the long term . Microsoft Office XP Professional Plus Version contains every Microsoft Office application that I use from Microsoft Excel to Microsoft Publisher ; these programs will get you on top of your work . For more information of Microsoft Office XP , there is a demonstration of it 's features ... Flash is required even though a non-flash version is available .
 I bought this program expecting it to be the same old ms office , but all I can say is wow . There are so many great new features . It also runs more stably . The only reason I give this 4 stars is because it is very expensive , and I still think that Corel WordPerfect Office 2002 is bettter -LRB- it is also half the price -RRB- . I sugest you take a look at Word Perfect before buying this .
 I 've been demoing XP for about 1/2 a year now , I rarely had any problems concerning Office . Cosmetically , it has changed -LRB- aka , the menus , etc -RRB- Very stable ! Would have given it a 5 star rating , but the price is just too high . Corporate users can afford it and would benefit from it , but people like me would have to skip a car payment . .
 I recently went to a friends house and found out they had XP running on their machines and was n't I amazed . The application that startled me the most was PowerPoint it is just fantastic with the new animations , this will make any audience say `` WOW '' . The applications are also great with a much improved user interface , other improved applications are Publisher which is also my favourite application next to PPT . The other apps . such as Access and FrontPage has n't changed a lot but they do look great with minor user interface improvements . With the look and feel of this version of Office you would surely even wa n't to upgrade from 2000 , thing for me is I do n't have anymore money I already spent it buying Office 2000 . But for those of 95,97 and even 98 it 's worth the upgrade . My friends machine run 's Win2k so he 's O.K. I heard that it wo n't run on Win95 , but that should n't be a problem just buy the upgrade for Win98 -LSB- it 's cheap -RSB- and your done . Other nice features are Smart Tags , Task Panes they help a lot especially when it comes to doing school work . The only time I 'm going to upgrade is in 2002 when WinXP arrives . Other products you should also try is MS Portfolio 2002 with hundreds of templates . One missing app . I miss so dearly is PhotoDraw , it was discontinued -LSB- shame on you Microsoft -RSB- .
 I have been playing with a beta version of Office XP and have found it a very good product for beginning and intermediate users . XP has put a lot of information in front of the user that was difficult to find in the past . Also the integrated Speech recognition is a nice feature that is surprisingly accurate.If you are not a power user that spends the majority of your life in a software application or you just want to pop into an application and get something done Office XP is a most excellent product .
 I have used the Upgrade XP for three weeks an I did presentations with the Powerpoint . It was great and I had no fatal shutdowns . I think they have a winner , again
 Microsoft Office XP makes it sooo easy for you to complete what you need to get done in less time . Microsoft has defeinitely expanded use-ability in this product . Way To Go Microsoft .
 When I first got this game from a friend , I thought , it 's probably going to be another confusing sci-fi shoot 'em up . Not true at all . You deliver drugs for people , knock out civilians , hack into atms , work for the mafia ... this game rocks ! Similar to Perfect Dark , it matters where you shoot a guy , but unlike Perfect Dark , you could render people unconcious . The story line is tight , and the graphic detail is superb . I was blown away . The levels are huge , with tons of exploring to do . You could even get drunk and smoke in the game . How cool is that ?
 Deus Ex has so many things to do that I could replay it and still not get half of it . Storyline is the best I have ever seen.BUY IT .
 This is simpy one of the best games out there , ranking right up alongside Half-Life and other notable games . I found myself actually caring if an important NPC would make it or not , which is rare in many FPS . What makes this game great is the quality of gameplay and storyline , not the eye candy . The graphics are a dated -LRB- it 's an old game -RRB- but the excellent and engrossing plot line overshadows that fact . This is hands down one of my favorite games , because it is strictly a PC game . Too many PC games today are also being made to run on the console , and so in my opinion the quality of these games goes down . Not in graphics but in gameplay overall ; they make something that looks great but lacks soul . DE may look dated , but it has more soul than any other eye-candy game on the market will ever have .
 Deus Ex is complicated and dense but if you use your brain a little this game is awesome and can draw you in for hours on end -LRB- Take my word for it -RRB- . The game has incredible graphics is challenging and and actually has a good storyline you make your own decisions , the game does n't hold you back , do what you want screw up the plot ... have fun !! It has kick-butt weapons that you can upgrade to be evan more deadly . No Limits is what Deus Ex is about . I definitley liked this game it rules !!
 WOW ! I have only played the demo , but I have found many ways to complete it . For instance , a certain annoying security bot always bugs me , because I like to snipe , but I lost the option to pick up a GEP -LRB- rocket -RRB- gun from an agent . So HOW do I off this bot ??? Well , you can 1 -RRB- use the above mentioned GEP gun . 2 -RRB- you can shoot the bot and draw him to your allied assault bot . 3 -RRB- you can find some LAMs -LRB- Light Attack Munitions -RRB- , wire one to a doorway , and THEN draw the bot to its doom . 4 -RRB- find a handy-dandy Electromagnetic Pulse Grenade , and fry its electrical systems . 5 -RRB- push a TNT crate in its path and shoot the crate . BOOM ! Look at that , FIVE ways to take out ONE security bot . In the demo alone !!! I could go on and on but I need to get to a software store to buy this game .
 This is my favoroute game in the whole world . I have played through it at lest 8 times .
 I agree with most people who say this game is better than Half-Life . I loved HL , but this one is more intriguing and the storyline much more engaging . Kudos to the creators for making a game where the object is n't to necessarily kill everyone . In fact , some characters give you grief if you are too violent . A game with a conscious . How novel ... and cool.The only thing I do n't like so far -LRB- I 'm about halfway through -RRB- is the conservative political bent ; the not too veiled reference that the UN and FEMA are waiting in the wings to take over the world . People actually believe this nonsense so I hope the creators were being tongue in cheek about it . Regardless , it 's still a blast . Highly recommended .
 I recieved this game with my Audigy sound card , and did n't try it out until months later . I 'm to playing Counter-Strike and Half-Life , so I was suprised that the player control and the overall physical feel was just not up to par with other games I 've played . J.C. Denton , the guy who you play as , and all the other people -LRB- NPC 's and such -RRB- , just walk and run in a , dare I say , `` unrealisticly '' smooth and fluid way . Its like a robot , except without the jerkiness . Other than that , it 's an excellent game , with a great story line and above-par graphics . Keep a lookout for Deus Ex 2 , where you are looking for Denton instead of playing as him . Just watch those physics ...
 Well , for a game that uses the UNREAL ENGINE , the graphics are pretty disapointing.The music sound tracks are soooo cool!Really cool ! And the sound effects are decent . I expected more . And the physic 's are n't perfect , but the storyline , voice acting , and game play is great . There are five video modes available
 Deus Ex is a very good game ... but not a great game . The levels are super cool and there are a bunch of em , but the game gets somewhat repetitive and linear -LRB- until the last level -RRB- . The cybernetic augmentations -LRB- implants -RRB- allow for a certain amount of character specialization , but most of them are pretty useless in my opinion . I think I actually used 4 or 5 out of the 10-12 -LRB- or however many total augs there are -RRB- . Only one or two were used with any sort of regularity.The biggest disappointment , however , was the ending -LRB- s -RRB- . There are several different endings , dependant upon choices you make during the game , and none of them were worth a ... . The end game cinematics were ... . There was little or no decent , clarifying information about what actually happened after the game ended , just a quote relating to the final decision made by the main character . Every one of the endings were extremely anticlimactic and truly left a bad taste in my mouth , especially considering the tremendous length of the game , as well as perhaps the strongest plot in any game I 've ever played.All that being said , these flaws simply detracted from what would have otherwise been a phenomenal gaming experience.It 's really too bad that a game like this , which does some things better than any other game I 've ever played -LRB- the buildings/levels were brilliant -RRB- , had to have such a poor ending sequence , thus leaving the gamer with a negative final impression of the game as a whole . The ending is the most important part of the game to me . Without a good ending , I just ca n't bring myself to give the game more than a `` good '' rating .
 Even after 4 years this game still has a replay value worth a lot more than most new games out nowadays . True , its graphics are n't a match with the current crop , but it 's gameplay , rich environment , fantastic music and incredibly intelligent story and execution will make the graphics issue a moot point.You 'll get so absorbed by the DX world and its characters -LRB- whether major or minor -RRB- that you 're guaranteed to run through the game at least thrice , just to see what would happen if you went through a part -LRB- or parts -RRB- another way -LRB- and there are usually more than 2 -RRB- . And believe me , there are so many variations on how you can play the game , many tactics you can employ , different conversations to be had , books and emails to read and so much more that it is truly a very interactive story.This game is a hybrid of multiple genres -LRB- FPS/Action/Adventure / RPG -RRB- incorporating the best aspects of each into a seamless gaming experience . The interface is straightforward and managing targeting , skills/health/augmentations / goals would soon become second nature even to die-hard FPS fans . You can choose to go all gungho agressive and kill/disable everyone on sight , or be a pacifist and not kill anyone at all . You can choose to save characters , fail to do so , or even ignore them.There 's also a coolness factor . In what other game can you hack into security terminals and ATMs ? - and some logins and passwords are guessable , the others can be found by doing a little sleuthing.Yes , this game can run under Windows XP and most current computers can run this gem with the details maxed out with no problem.I can still see myself playing this great -LRB- but sadly generally underrated -RRB- game another 5-10 years from now . A must have .
 The best game EVER in my opinion . Great for intelligent , thoughtful gamers but builds up slowly , so that newbie gamers will learn on the go . Scenarios ranging from the exquisitely beautiful -LRB- Hong Kong -RRB- to the terrifying -LRB- Paris underground -RRB- Has a map editor and a brilliant community following . I did not encounter a single bug or lock-up playing this game , and in case you were wondering , you can save anywhere.The game play is open and the maps are large , moody , and interesting . Choices you make during the game can effect outcomes , thus it 's interesting to play through again making different choices along the way . You also get to update your own nano technologies , so you have to choose carefully which qualities you want to choose and update . The graphics are excellent.I already have a copy , but had to pick up the GOTY edition . If you are a PC gamer and have n't picked this one up yet , I wholly recommend it . You ca n't go wrong with a game of the calibre .
 Deus Ex is one of the best games ever developed for any platform . IMO , the best ever.What makes it 's so great is the `` immersion '' factor -- the depth of the storyline -LRB- the conspiracy theories are well written , and the subplots will make you pause and THINK -RRB- ; the options to accomplish goals -LRB- shoot 'em up or a stealth or a non-lethal approach -RRB- ; and you may even get to the point of not * wanting * to kill your opponents -LRB- uniquely different mindset in gaming -RRB- , but even feel empathy for them.This was one of the last big budget games that employed not only rich graphics and music scores -LRB- which are superb and change between ambient to charging battle charged ditties -RRB- , but care in the story plot . Ion Storm really put together a game that even 5 years later is enjoyable -LRB- and still has an active modding community -- with some major projects like updating the models/graphics to 2005 standards -RRB- . So if you wanted to try something different and more challenging than a deathmatch with Unreal/Doom3/Halflife bots , Deus Ex will not only entertain your need to conquer/explore , but will exercise your brain as well.Give it a try and see why after so many years why us fans still play the game over and over to this day .
 Deus Ex was the game that steered me away from FPS and toward RPG . Indeed , Deus Ex was way ahead of its time ; one of those games that merge two genres almost seamlessly -LRB- RPG and FPS -RRB- . By 2007 standard , graphic will look somewhat dated , but gameplay still rocks , whether you chose to run and gun or sneak and peak , Deus Ex offers multiple paths to complete objectives.On top of the outstanding gameplay , Deus Ex serves up tons of sci-fi elements mixed in with heavy doses of conspiracy theories . Indeed , playing Deus Ex can feel like immersing yourself in a noirish/cyber-funk/sci-fi novel rather than playing a game.Deus Ex is not perfect -LRB- which is good , because personally , I will have a hard time living in the `` real world '' after playing the perfect game -RRB- ie . enemies AI could be better . Sound-wise , music and voice acting is good , but most of the weapons sound weak . Also , the main quest is somewhat linear - I wish you have a choice of which faction to side with . However , there are 3 different endinds depend on the choice you make , and trust me , if you get this far , you 'll do all 3 because the game intrigues you so much.After all these times , Deus Ex is still in a class by itself . I can only think of 1 other game with sci-fi themed FPS/RPG elements that might come close to Deus Ex
 If you have n't had the privilege to play this brilliant game , do yourself a favor
 This is the best game ever made period . This is not your typical quake/Soldier of Fortune game one might expect . There is so much to do and explore in this game that the replay value is extraordinary . You can take time and read newspapers , books , talk to all the different people you encounter , and explore so much.The storyline is fantastic and will keep you interested and wanting more through the entire game . It is a definite conspiracy story geniously crafted into a game experience like no other . I loved the points and skills design to the game and really loved the non linear gameplay attribute to almost every level . You can either blast your way through -LRB- although I would n't try it -RRB- or use stealth , hack computers and turrets , and find all kind of round about ways of killing your enemies.There really is nothing to complain about in this game except that the interface is a little annoying but after a slight learning curve one can get over that . The graphics engine also just does n't seem up to the challange as well . I know it 's an older title but if you have n't played this classic stop reading and buy it now !
 If you have n't already played this game , I highly suggest you get it now ! However , be preapared to momentarily lose your social life as you will not stop playing this game . The storyline is what makes this great game . Although the sound may be mediocore and the graphics may not be even standard quality , it 's the storyline that makes this game what it is . You can choose your own destinity and influence what other people think about you . You will have to use your best judgement in determining what is best for each situation.Also , the stealth aspects of this game stand out , too . This game has an excellent stealth system , unlike many other copycats that try to implement stealth into their games with disastrous results . You can really complete this game without alerting hardly any of your enemies.I highly recommend this game to everyone !
 There is something about this game that strikes me as wierd . It is wierd in the way that the storyline is so complete , and so in depth , that you 're life almost becomes a part of it . At first when I started playing the game I thought `` oh man , the graphics are n't that great , and its kinda wierd , but I payed pretty decent money for it , so I better just beat it and go on with my life . '' Boy was I wrong . About 1.5 hours of gameplay into the game , I was hooked . Everything from the characters , to the gameplay is enthralling . After 6 hours of gameplay -LRB- at 2 hours a night -RRB- It started taking me over . I would wake up in the morning , the first thing in my head was the music playing . Ah yes , the music . The music is PERFECT for every situation in this game , it sets the mood perfectly , and in some ways , its comforting . Definetly put your money into this game , you will never regret it . I only wrote this review because this game has been a very interesting part of my life , no matter how sick that sounds , this game is amazing .
 Words can hardly describe the joy , the wonder , the amazement and the fun I get out of playing this classic RPG/Adventure/Shooter . Everything about this game is flawless . Well , not quite but it gets pretty damn close . You play as JC Denton , a UNATCO Agent ready take out terrorists and rid the world of tyranny . The main synopsis is that in the year 2052 the earth 's population is being ravaged by a killer virus called `` Gray Death '' while terrorist groups openly kill and seek to expand their growing network of evil . What I love about this game is that you can chose your own skills -LRB- Lockpicking , electronics , weapon usage , computer hacking etc. . -RRB- and augmentations that boost your strength , stamina , speed and many other options . You can do missions in endless ways such as go in with guns blazing or use the stealth approach to achieve your mission objectives . The graphics , considering their from 2000 , are still good looking while the sound is also exceptional . The cd with 30 remixed songs which is included with the Game of the Year Edition , is so awesome to listen to that it 's been in my cd player for weeks . This game has some of the coolest music I have ever heard . On that note , go out and get this incredible game . Believe me , you will not regret it .
 This game has to be the best I 've ever played . Not only can you follow just about any player theme -LRB- from the silent assassin to the armed-to-the-teeth grunt -RRB- , but the augs add a whole new playing style . When I first got this game , after playing Half-Life -LRB- another fantastic game -RRB- , I figured this would be about the same thing
 Dear gamers , estimated colleagues , just when I thought I would n't see anything better than Fallout , Diablo , and some strategies for PC , friend made me get Deus Ex . As I see , amazon offers used discs for cheaper price EVEN THEN SOLD OUT BRITISH EDITION , so GET IT!Why would you get it ? It is game from 2000 . or so , graphics are much better today , you can play good online games like Guild Wars or World of Warcraft with buddies and then some ... but!Deus Ex is a game WITH A STORY
 I have always been an `` adventure gamer '' and this is the first game of this type I have enjoyed enough to complete . The strategy and decisions that need to be made in each phase of this game makes it unique . The ability to save infinitely helps too . I never got through `` Prince of Persia '' because of the save issue .
 This is the best game ever made , better than Half Life , Half Life 2 , Oblivion , Doom - nothing can compete - music is fantastic and when the story is over , you feel like JC is your friend . A game never created before or since . The graphics are old but it is worth it BUY THIS GAME it is unforgetable .
 Deus Ex was the funnest , most realistic video game I 've ever played . Though the graphics are dated , the storyline is phenomenal , and the character controlled by the player , JC Denton , is by and large one of the coolest game badasses ever to grace the screen.But to me , the best part about this game was the myriad of different possible methods which you can use to accomplish your goals . This is truly a game that you will never play the same way twice because there are so many different choices to be made , each one having great affect on the overall outcome.For fans of sci-fi , action , role-playing , politics and philosophy , this game is sure to please .
 First I want to start off by saying that the game is a free ended immersive experience . Choices that you make come back later on to you in the game . You can take numerous approaches to any problem . All in All , it allows you to do watever you want to . At the same time the plot and setting of the game are worthy of a piece of great literature . The poverty stricken world where you are extremely poor or part of the few extremely rich conjures up images of Orwell 's 1984 . All in All its more than a game , its a masterpiece .
 I have n't played many RPGs so I ca n't say that I 'm an expert on them but I would have to say that this is one of the best games I 've ever played and a different RPG game would be hard pressed to top it ...
 Deus Ex is a game which let 's you choose different way 's of compleating each mission . With it 's complex story line , and plot branches . Not the biggest plot branches , though , but it will make a difference . Go either stelh or berserk in four different locations ; Paris , Germany , New York , and Hong Kong.You will learn very likley replay the game a few times , and go walk around talking to you ' r friend with comments from and lines that the characters say :p He he , maybe . Hurry up and get it for the secuel is on it 's way , and it seems to be better . -LRB- is that possible ? -RRB-
 At first I thought this would just be an okay game since I bought it randomly , but right from the start I knew it would be good . The graphics are great and I liked how everything was put together . I found some things very unique in this game such as the inventory display , how certain body parts were affected instead of the entire body , and how you can upgrade different types of skills . It has a very twisted plot that you got ta pay a lot attention to . Deus Ex -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- is easily comparable to Half-Life . This game greatly exceeded all my expectations for it !
 This game is really , really great . You determine the outcome of the game by your actions and who you talk to and things like that . It also has a pretty high replay value since what you do determines the outcome of the game and there is more than one ending , but thats all I 'm going to say about that . Here 's a tip
 I have n't totally finished the game yet , but none the less , Half-life , which has been hailed as the best game ever , by many , is -LSB- junk -RSB- compared to this epic , beautiful game . First off , everything you do affects the games outcome , in the short or long term . For example
 Deus Ex is one of the best games I 've ever seen -LRB- The others being Counter-Strike and Return to Castle Wolfenstein -RRB- . It combines a role-playing game with a first-person shooter with the best features for each . The customizable inventory system is great . The music is amazing and sets the mood perfectly . It 's also great because of the role playing game parts , the conversations and the exploring.In most first-person shooters , you just go through the levels , shooting stuff and maybe finding a secret place . In Deus Ex , you can play through the entire game without shooting anyone , you can play the game over five times and still find a huge amount of new stuff , and you can talk to people.The only bad part is the voice acting , which is n't very good.BUY IT RIGHT NOW .
 This game is truly a god above all others . I agree with a previous reviewer that playing this game can ruin gaming in a way . No other game even comes close -LRB- System Shock 2 a very distant second -RRB- . The imagery and music are so powerful -- they leave a lasting nostalgia for the game that borders on the spiritual.The two most memorable scenes of the game for me are Vandenberg and the Gas Station . The feeling of emptiness and desolation these levels give is exquisite . The Vandenberg level has to be the most complex and detailed map of any game I 've ever seen . It 's basically an interactive novel ... you can walk the equivalent of miles in this level and never get bored.There is so much more I could say ... just get the game , turn the lights off , and have fun ...
 I wo n't try to explain the game , because many other people have.All I can say is that the whole experience is great . This is a sublime game.The best parts are the town sections . Going through all the shops and buildings in places like Hong Kong and exploring all the hidden rooms and passages.Other games have levels which are linear walks through a forest or generic bunkers , with perhaps some dynamic lighting and a couple of hard bits . Big deal.The creators of Deus Ex have put in huge amounts of effort to make this a detailed experience . Right from all the elements of character creation , weapon customisation , to the engaging storyline , this is a masterpiece . It deserves nothing less than the highest accolades .
 Deus Ex was made by Ion Storm , whose team largely consisted of the people from Looking Glass Studios -LRB- System Shock series and Theif series -RRB- . From looking at the screenshots , Deus Ex appears to be a first-person-shooter . And while it uses a first-person format , it is in fact an RPG-Shooter-Action/Adventure game all rolled into one . And that is one of the many things that makes it great . The game is also unique in that it is up to you what course of action to take . Entering a secret base can be done by going in guns blazing , or you could sneak in through the vents , or you could hack into the security system and turn the base 's defenses against the bad guys . Another thing is the level of detail . You can stack crates up to make a crude stair way . You can turn on some water to put yourself out if you are on fire -LRB- or use a fire extnguisher -RRB- , food provides minor healing benifits and your character can even smoke cigarettes!The plot is too complicated to describe here . But I will say that you are in for some very big surprises if you have never played this game before . The game lives up to its conspiracy theme and many things are truely NOT what they seem . In addition to a large cast of supporting characters , you can interact with ALL NPCs -LRB- Non-Player-Characters . That is civilians on the street , friendly soldiers , the people who populate the world -RRB- . Every single one of them has something to say if you talk to them.In addition to all of that , your character is highly customizable . You choose skin color and your real name at the beginning of the game and then you further customize your characer by choosing what skills to put your skill points into and what augmentations -LRB- nanite ` programs ' that give your character new abilities -RRB- you install . What you choose effects how you play the game . You can be a grunt by pouring skill-points into weapons related skills and choosing such augmentations as targeting and ballistic shield . You could be a stealthy spy/assassin by choosing low-tech weapons and stealth related skills and such augmentations as cloak and run-silent . You can even be a frog-man by choosing swimming related skills and augmentations . The possibilities are endless.The game 's graphics and sound hold up suprisingly well for a game whose development started in 1997 and was released in 2000 . While the game lacks advanced shaders and lighting that you would find in such games as F.E.A.R. or Quake 4 , the real visual and audio beauty of this game lies in its realism and ambience . The streets of New York for example , are filled with litter , garbage cans , flickering neon signs , and graffiti . Pigeons fly about , feeding on scraps of food left on the ground or in garbage cans as in real cities . Homeless people huddle around barrel fires and street-walkers -LRB- prostitutes -RRB- stand around trying to sell their services , while police sirens can be heard in the distance . Of course this is just describing New York
 `` It all happened an hour ago -- the barge docked and the NSF moved right in on it , offloading the cargo into speedboats . Our undercover man Harley Filban should be somewhere out on the docks now . `` Liberty Island , New York City . The near future , 2055 . A fatal wasting disease called the Gray Death is decimating the world . About an hour ago , terrorists highjacked a shipment of the only known treatment for the ailment , a substance known as Ambrosia . The terrorists are part of a group known as the National Secessionist Force , or simply NSF , a group who have long been rebelling against the U.S. government , a government that has begun to stray from the core of the U.S. Constitution , eliminating personal freedoms and reshaping society in the name of safety and security . Faced with a swelling tide of global terror , American President Phillip Mead supported a charter to create a worldwide police force to combat terrorism , a force that knows no geographical boundaries , that answers to no one but itself , a force called the United Nations Anti-Terrorist Coalition , or UNATCO . UNATCO 's international headquarters is located on Liberty Island , on ground donated by the United States , fittingly situated in the shadow of a shattered monument to freedom
 This incredibly entertaining game has kept me glued to the computer for hours on end . It 's rich storyline and suspense is very well contrived and the weapons featured in the game are great -LRB- Just love that sniper rifle -RRB- Even though I have heard some people scoff at the `` bad dialogue '' , I believe it was exceptionly done . There is so many ways of accomplishing each mission , most of the characters are really cool , the gaming environments are impressive and Deus Ex gets more and more interesting with each mission -LRB- Favs were Airport , Area 51 and Hong Kong -RRB- Most likely when you are through with this game you will be craving for more -LRB- Deus Ex 2 will be out in spring 2003 -RRB- Buy this awesome game now !
 I started playing this game just to take a break from Morrowind and NWN . I planned on playing it for just a couple of hours , but I got hooked , and have been unable to stop . DE is an excellent mix of FPS , roleplay , and adventure that gives you the freedom to play however you want . Do you want to waste anything that moves ? Load up on everything from the mini-crossbow to a LAW , and pick up/purchase weapon upgrades . Or would you rather just sneak around and hack into computers and security networks ? Just stock up on the right tools and focus on the appropriate skills . The game 's plot is something of a mix of the X-Files and Matrix . There is never a dull moment from the time the game starts . When you play this game , you wo n't be able to wait for Deus Ex 2 either ! -LRB- Ships Spring ' 03 -RRB-
 For a long time now , Half-Life has been my favorite futuristic first-person shooter . Now Deus Ex occupies that slot . No other FPS I 've ever played has had this level of flexibility to build your character 's personality and skills . The decisions you make on how you train your character ; how you assign mods to weapons ; how you assign augmentations ; and whether you use fire power , stealth , or technology to overcome obstacles affect the entire game . It even has three distinct endings based on the decisions you make in the final stage.The game plays excellently , with no noticable bugs that I could find . The player movement is smooth and there 's no tendency to get stuck on items . Even swimming is very natural . However , you 're always on foot except in the cut scenes and the weather is always the same . There 's no rain or snow and I do n't recall any variation in the light levels either.The character interactions are complex and you 'll find yourself having interesting conversations with bar-tenders , computers , and many other characters . There 's a complex story-line -LRB- will we see Deus Ex - the movie ? -RRB- that 's worth paying attention to . For example , I recommend you watch the interrogation of the NFS prisoners . This is way more than a crude ` shoot everything that moves ' FPS.The weapons selection is excellent with a wide arsenal of deadly and non-deadly options . The inventory size is controlled by a Diablo-like grid which is large enough to let you carry a lot , but still forces you to make difficult decisions sometimes . One odd thing , though - once you have some of the smaller items like grenades you can add more without using up inventory space , but if you try to pick up a different type of grenade you use up space . So you can carry 15 gas grenades but not one gas grenade and one EMP grenade . I understand it from a user-interface point of view , but it 's not realistic.There are many , many small but nice touches in the game . For example , if you kill people in the first stage on Liberty Island , your brother admonishes you . But if you use stun rods and tranc darts to avoid killing baddies , your brother tells you you 're doing well . It does n't affect the game but someone took the time to code it.The game is quite long , perhaps not as long as Half-Life , but longer than RTC Wolfenstein . I would happily pay twice the current price ... on Amazon . I fully expect to play this game , trying different options , for a long time .
 Deus ex is one hell of a piece of work . It combines wondrous gameplay and excellent graphics to create a game so good , I played the demo 10 times before buying the game . From a tranquilizer crossbow to an assault shotgun to a Light Anti-tank Weapon -LRB- LAW -RRB- , the game has awesome guns . The augmentations , which give you special abilities , and skills , which you can increase to improve your character 's abilities , only improve the games awesome aspects . The characters all fit into a plot , colored all over as as JC Denton -LRB- you -RRB- trying to stop a plot by conspiracists to take over the world . Almost every character you meet fits into the jigsaw puzzle some way or another , and the story becomes increasingly complex as you move through it . But do n't worry , their is a special fuction that allows you to view every conversation you 've had , and it even takes notes for you ! This game is impossible to put down , and they even included multiplayer ! The game of the year edition is wonderful !
 First , let me say that I play a LOT of video games.That said , I have not yet been able to find a game which captured my interest as totally as this game for as long as it has.It has a very interesting story , lots of ways to solve any situation you run into depending on how you prefer to play , and tons of small details which really help bring the world they have created to life . Every time I play through I find more things I never knew about , and I have n't stopped coming back for more yet.The only negative thing I can think of is that by this point the game is old enough that the graphics look pretty dated compared to the latest batch of games out there . This has never been an issue for me but it may turn some people off before they even start so be warned.Now if you 'll excuse me , I have to get back to my 16th playthrough of Deus Ex .
 I could n't find anything that sounded interesting so I bought Deus Ex . I generally do n't like this sort of game , or at least I did n't think I did . I had n't played a first person shooter in years but I found that I really enjoyed this one . Good story line , lots of options -LRB- you can be as tough or as stealthy as you want -RRB- and a good ending . Love that sniper rifle . A definite recommend on this game .
 I ca n't describe this game as a game . It 's an experience.Fully interactive environment , you feel in control of your destiny , your character , and things around you , and a part of a reality.I got this game with my SB Audigy Gamer - and I 'm surprised I never tried it out before . If I had I probably would n't have purchased the last 15 games , instead I 'd probably would just keep playing more Deus Ex - it has a very high replayability.You must get this game - it raises the bar on what we should all expect from supposedly interactive RPG/FPS games . Deus Ex is the standard we should demand from development teams.Start recording your favorite TV shows for the next week , you 'll be locked into Deus Ex . = -RRB-
 Warren Spector and Doug Church are absolute gaming geniuses . While the System Shock series blended action with role-playing -LRB- and horror -RRB- , Deus Ex brings in the element of adventure games . If this is where gaming is going , there 's a bright future ahead .
 This game is truly brilliant , I love the storyline behind it , some games like Hitman 2 -LRB- which is still super fun -RRB- have a very weak storyline that is promising in the beginning yet sort of drags on with missions and no idea whats going on in the story -RRB- . This game makes you think things through before you do them , for instance ... In one mission you are forced to break into a prison cell and rescue another officer , you can either deactivate the laser alarms with a multitool or find a back way in . I only had 2 multitools and it required 2 to disarm the laser , I didnt know if id need another later on in the level so I was forced to find a backway through , after a couple patient attempts , i managed to get through and rescue him without squandering any resources , which gives a very rewarding feeling of accomplishment.This game is very fun and with so many twists and turns youll play it through a couple more times to see different ways the story can go .
 One of the best FPS I have played . Story line is good and lots of exploring to do . Graphics could be a little better but the game play makes up for that . Do n't bother buying it if you do not have a powerful system though . Need lots of video power for this one , Over all it is one of the best I have ever played .
 This game is a victim of injustice , and horribly overlooked and underrated -LRB- yes , even with the 5 's everywhere ! -RRB- . Without a doubt , of course , the fault lies with Daikatana and the ever-special John Romero , who just about singlehandedly buried Ion Storm and its potential . Daikatana is why I tuned out from buying this game -LRB- until the overwhelming word of mouth forced me to try it -RRB- , and I 'm sure it is a big reason why most gamers did n't give it a second glance when it was released . It was my loss.In short , this game is the best in several years ... the story , characters and dialog are simply incredible , and technically the game is all but perfect
 I just bought this game after seeing how dirt cheap it was -LRB- $ 1.99 from the seller I used -RRB- and had heard it was great . I was n't disappointed . The game takes you through a very engaging storyline merging several consipracy theories as a fierce , `` nanoaugmented '' anti-terrorist agent bent on stopping some bad people from taking over the world . The best part is that is that unlike most games that offer only a set way to accomplish your goals , Deus Ex let 's you pick from from a dizzying array , playing off your character 's individual set-up . You can go for a gunslinging soldier-build , to a stealthy , spring-from-the-shadows type that hardly ever has to squeeze off a shot . No matter whether you decide to break down doors and go in shooting or hack your way through a security system , Deus Ex 's strongest point is its variability
 In case you had to read through all these reviews , stop now . Just order the game . The story might seem a like some crazy left winger 's nightmare , but the game is what makes it special . Hop into this unique , and diverse world , and lose yourself .
 I just beat Deux Ex about 10 minutes ago , and I was astonished ! This game allows you to chose your fate , your organizations fate , and the fate of the world . Every choice you make affects the outcome , and not all the outcomes are good . You could end up merging with a machine , joining the Illuminati , making a new dark age , and more . Not to mention the awesome graphics.The game is so real , it felt as if I was a part of it , and the world issues at hand in the game felt as if they could actually happen . Friends die , or turn to enemies , some are spies , and one choice even lets you switch sides from good guy to bad guy . Or is it bad to good ? You choose .
 what can i say that has n't been said already?i started playing this game three days ago , and i have been unable to move from my chair until just now , when i finished it.i practically had to make myself go to sleep yesterday morning , after a 24 hour run . . i 'd been drop dead tired for at least 6 hours , but i could n't quit.here 's the thing about the complaints people have . . i agree with all the things people say about how the A.I. is kind of bad , and the animation is n't the best . . but i do n't care . i 've never played a game so fun in my life . after Deus Ex , its going to be pretty hard for a game to keep me interested . . because i 've seen how good they can get . now , i guess i 'll see what multiplayer is like .
 Wowsers is this game phenomenal . The variety of weaponry , the challenges of the missions , the amazing graphics , the online multi-player capability ... I 've run through the single player version 4 times , and am an online addict . It 's insane . It 's gorgeous . I love it.Admittedly , the missions are occasionally repetitive , but there are enough changes to keep things interesting . Running through the single player version multiple times is still very enjoyable , because one may choose different weapons , augmentations , and answers to questions from non-player characters.The main problem comes from the insanely fast passage of time which occurs whilst playing - I swear my computer desk zaps into some bizarro space/time continuum thing which makes 6 hours seem like 1 . Oy.My advice - if you have a significant other with whom you wish to spend time , just stay right the heck away from this game . Seriously , oh my yes . Otherwise , run -LRB- do not walk -RRB- and get this game . You truly wo n't be sorry .
 I personally loved every minute of DX . I own the original and this edition . I have owned DX for a year , and I 'm still not tired of it . With the game of the year edition , you get the unreal mission editior . You can use this to make new or edit the game levels . It is hard to use , but if you go to the many Deus Ex websites , there are a lot of tutorials to help you out . I am currently anticipating Deus Ex 2 . Deus Ex is a must buy for anybody who loves to play excellent PC games .
 Ok , I 'll admit , the only reason I bought this game was because I played the sequel . But that does n't change my feelings about this game , this game rocks , and it blew its sequel away . This game is an adventure/action game , and it goes together very well . And , since you die so easily in the game , you spend more time running through the areas and attacking at the same time , making it feel like a movie , the camera angles shift when someone talks , adding more to the cinematic experience . This game is almost unbeatable in the FPS genre , if you do n't get it , you miss out on a bunch of great stuff games have ever done . -LRB- Oh and , if you read the review up above somewhere that gave this game two stars , pretend it never existed , because I think the person who did it is video game illiterate . -RRB-
 This is a game for the cerebral gamer . My first impression of it was on an extremely overpowered computer -LRB- a 2005 performance Toshiba -RRB- and it seemed almost like a toy or a tech demo at first . It takes a little bit of time to get into the game , but I would compare it to System Shock 2 or Splinter Cell . There 's significant depth to the story , and the gameplay itself is engrossing once one gets past the fact that it bears less resemblance to a traditional shoot-em-up game than to an RPG while it retains elements of each . The character is not pre-built , but the player has to make periodic choices about how to progress in the game.There are multiple paths and both necessary and unnecessary objectives in the missions , as well as an intriguing plot and unique characters . The player can use brute force and strong-arm tactics , sneak around the enemy via hiding spots , take the roof , come in the front way , play it tough and be selfish with resources , or be diplomatic in his approach.All in all , it 's quite engrossing - and as frustrating as anything can be at times , since a decision early in the game can carry unfavorable consequences later . A rather realistic aspect of the plot is that it is often not possible to go back and remake the decision - but fortunately there are save slots for that!Note that this game is based on the Unreal engine , and that it is six years old . Hence , if you 're looking for the fanciest graphics and sounds or special fighting moves , you 'll be disappointed ; if you just want an engrossing story that you can play and replay with satisfaction , I do n't know of any game quite like Deus Ex .
 Its been a long time since ... . no wait , I have NEVER played a game like this before . EVER ! If its action you want - Deus Ex delivers . If its graphics - Deus Ex delivers . And if it is awesome plot that you want - Deus Ex surprises , thrills and then keeps on going!Hands down , this game is the best game I have ever played on computer ! Case closed . Not only does it take the first person shooter genre to a new level , but it combines it with excellent plot and the ability to choose your fate like none other . I remember being wowed by HalfLife . Deus Ex overshadows that in a heartbeat . Perhaps best of all , Deus Ex is challenging ! It is n't easy to beat , making every little accomplished objective feel hard won ... because it is.Just when you think you 're figuring it out , Deus Ex takes another exciting turn . And just then you think there is no more , there is .
 This is the best PC game I have ever played . I strongly recommend this game to anyone who likes a good action/RPG . If you are looking for a game to buy , get this one !
 This is the 2nd best game I 've ever played !!! It 's an awesome game with great AI , enemies , and everything ! If you do n't own this game , go out and freaking buy it ! I have nothing else to say but BUY THIS GAME !!!
 It 's your First Person shooter with just about every single variable you can imagine . It 's a futuristic setting where humans can be `` augmented '' either by limb replacements -LRB- cyborganisation -RRB- or nano-technology -LRB- internal augs -RRB- . You can upgrade your abilities throughout the game , as well as modify your weapons to reduce recoil , increase clip capacity , accuracy , etc. . You can even load different types of ammo . The real key though , is that if you equip a heavy weapon -LRB- rocket launcher -RRB- , you 'll move slower than if you were holding a pistol . Does any other `` shooter '' do that ? Nope ! And behind all of that , is a great story with branching storylines , spot on voice acting and a brilliantly dark atmosphere . Like govt . conspiracy theories ? it 's here . Like sniping at terrorists ? it 's here . Like hacking computers and ATMs for cash ? it 's here . Go get it .
 This is an incredibly complex game , you can play it 50 times and it is never the exact same . Written so you can choose what your charcter is adds to the game by giving YOU more control over your charcter . Over all a worth while game .
 I believe Deus Ex will be known as the best game ever made ... ever . I play a lot of games - mostly PC FPS . Some games are very good . Recently I played F.E.A.R. , Call of Duty 2 , Half-Life 2 , Far Cry , Doom 3 , etc. . They are good games . But they do n't have the `` soul '' of Deus Ex.In a way , Deus Ex has ruined gaming for me . Every since I played Deus Ex , I have been searching and searching for a game that has even come close to the same atmosphere and `` feeling '' - only to be sadly disappointed . I am just going to have to accept the fact that Deus Ex was a one-of-a-kind gaming experience that will never be replicated.I have tried to identify why Deus Ex is so great . I have concluded that the game includes a magical combination of plot , story , characterization , immersion , atmosphere , modifications , action and adventure . It was so well implemented and combined , that such an achievement will never again be realized . It was a freak of fate and brilliance.Just thinking about the game makes me teary-eyed and yearning to play . In the course of one 's life , there may be a song , movie , trip , or -LRB- in this case -RRB- a game that is never to be forgotten . Deus Ex is extraordinary !
 Most of the time when you think of a first-person shooter , you picture fast-paced slaughter and mayhem like in the legendary Quake and Unreal line . Deus Ex , however , adds an unprecedented level of intelligence to a genre previously devoid of any thought other than `` if it moves , kill it '' . Deus Ex follows Agent JC Denton on his first assignment for UNATCO - an anti-terrorist group with wide-reaching jurisdiction . JC is a special nanotech-augmented cyborg with a wide range of superhuman abilities . You are able to customize your character throughout the game in an RPG-esque style . Want to go in with guns blazing ? Increase training in heavy arms and pistols . Want to take out the bad guys from a distance ? Focus on Rifle training . Want to hack into the security system and have it eliminate the bad guys for you ? Train heavily on electronics and computers . Want to be able to heal yourself instantly ? Train up on Medicine . Depending on how you train your character , the gameplay changes significantly . This not only adds tremendous amounts of depth , but also increases the replay value . As if that was n't enough , the storyline is very intricate and boasts some superb twists . You will end up not knowing who to trust as the game goes on . The plotline culminates in three possible endings , depending on whose side you choose.Highest possible recommendation .
 Deus Ex is a fantastic game . The single player storyline is fascinating , drawing one into the story . And you do n't want to leave . This game , a combination of heroin and Godzilla , pulled me in , and would n't let me out , devouring whole weekends and hours of free time . The gameplay is a lot of fun , and is very open-ended . Many games talk about how there 's the option of sneaking in or running in with the guns blazing , but this is the only game where you can see real direct effects of those choices . Run in with an assault rifle and you 'll have a lot of corpses lying on the floor . But due to that gun 's recoil , one guy runs off long enough to hit an alarm sounder . Suddenly dozens of guards and security robots swarm the area . You 're dead very quickly . Everything you do has consequences . Characters in the game will react differently to whether you run into an area and slaughter everyone in sight or slowly approach , and take them alive instead . Because of every choice changing the game , there 's a high replayability level to see what would have happened if you had done things differently . The inventory system , the nanotech augmentations -LRB- special abilities you can gain -RRB- and the skills system -LRB- completing objectives gets you skill points , which let you become better in certain areas such as electronics , ability with weapons , and lockpicking -RRB- are all intuitive and simple . Bottom line
 Deus Ex is by far my favorite game . Let me explain why ... The level of realism in Deus Ex is almost unchallenged . There are hundreds of things to do , all of which will keep you busy from completing the game too soon . Not only that , but you will want to come back to the game and play it over , to try out a new path . For example , the first time I played I acted like a total moron . I shot the enemy without realization , I did n't use stealth , and I wasted my resources.The second time I played through , I used stealth . It was a lot of fun , the rush you get from almost being caught but not quite , from disabling a security system and walking through the front door . The third time I played I tried more of a superagent style playing . I used my augmentations to the full value , I used stealth , and I decapitated enemies like they were yesterday 's carcass . I kept on playing , wanting to explore the different paths of play.The intricate story is also a great reason to get this game . Things that seem confusing at the beginning of the game hit you with realism in the middle , or end of it . The plot is so deep and consuming that you 'll forget your a sprite exploring a programmed enviroment . It all seems like a virtual adventure in your mind . Not only that , but your adventure takes you around the world . From Battery Park to Hong Kong , to Paris and other unnamed locales , your adventure is an epic.NPC 's are another strong point . They are an essential part of the game , and help you feel like YOU are JC Denton . You help them , kill them , talk to them , or run away from them . The AI is moderately good , not as bad as StarCraft but not as good as Black & White.There are at least 50 different routes to take in the game , and lots of different actions to do . This is one of the best games you can buy , if you want proof than put it in your shopping cart and proceed to checkout .
 `` Deus Ex '' is an FPS which incorporates large elements of role-play , strategy and adventure . It 's also the best game I 've ever played and equally good on the PC or PS2.The story begins in the near future , when society is on the verge of total collapse while powerful individuals and organisations conspire behind the scenes to achieve world domination . You are agent JC Denton and start the game working for UNATCO -LRB- a United Nations anti-terrorist force -RRB- ... What I like most about the game is that you always have a huge number of choices to make . Most FPS games involve navigating a number of levels in which you have to find a few secrets and/or complete a particular task while shooting whatever gets in your way . In `` Deus Ex '' you always have primary goals to accomplish , but there 's invariably at least 2 or 3 different routes or methods to achieve them , each with its own pluses and minuses . There are also secondary goals which you usually learn about by meeting a particular person and agreeing to help them in some way - which you can decide to go for or not.You also have a formidable selection of lethal weapons to choose from - but you 're limited to carrying just 4 so you have to decide which you 're most comfortable with . And acquiring a weapon is only the first step - because you then have to develop the necessary skills to use it effectively . Later on you also get the opportunity to upgrade and customise the weapons you 've chosen with various add-ons . So to begin with it will sometimes take you several shots to bring down an enemy , but by the time you 've mastered and modified your weapons to the max you can point and shoot with much greater accuracy.It 's also just about possible to go through the entire game without killing anyone , in fact it 's often preferable to stun opponents with a non-lethal weapon or use stealth to avoid detection . There 's also an array of other skills you need to develop -LRB- lock picking , computer hacking , disabling security systems etc -RRB- ... And as JC Denton happens to be a human being who 's been enhanced by the very latest in bioengineering technology , you can also acquire nanoaugmentations and install them to improve various aspects of your strength , endurance and combat abilities.Throughout `` Deus Ex '' you are repeatedly confronted with `` either/or '' decisions which can potentially change the course of the game . For example , on your 3rd mission as a UNATCO agent -LRB- by which time you 're already having severe doubts about the organisation you 're working for -RRB- one of your goals is to kill a rebel leader - which you can easily do . But on the other hand - you can also decide to disobey orders and let him live , in which case a fellow agent arrives to finish the job - unless of course you decide to kill the agent . What you choose to do has repercussions later on ... You can also meet and interact with a huge number of people -LRB- with whom you can generally be as kind or ruthless as you like - or you can often choose to ignore them -RRB- , you can play with many of the objects you see all around you just for the hell of it -LRB- televisions , phones , microwaves etc -RRB- , and you can even smoke , drink and take drugs -LRB- although it wo n't do you much good -RRB- . You find yourself constantly trying to work out who the good guys are . Although you need to make alliances with various people during the game , you can never completely trust any of them because they 're also to some extent working against each other and could just be using you for their own ends . And for a long time it 's not even clear who you 're fighting against . Every time you think you 've worked out what 's going on , something invariably happens to make you question whether you 're doing the right thing , and there always seems to be a fresh surprise waiting around the next corner ... There are 3 possible endings depending on who you finally decide to join up with - you choose who wins - and personally I really liked this , but gamers who prefer a spectacular `` big bang '' type of ending after killing all the bad guys might be disappointed.The game does have a few flaws - the graphics look a little dated , there 's not as much action as I initially expected and the combat is not always as realistic as in other games I 've played - but these are very minor quibbles in view of the awesome experience of the game as a whole . `` Deus Ex '' also has unparalleled replay value - there are so many different ways to get from beginning to end that you can return to it time after time and it wo n't be the same twice . I 've never played a game which has kept me so hooked for so long and ca n't wait for DX2 . Great stuff !
 This is the single best game I have ever played , but I am expecting even more from the upcoming sequel . The gameplay is extremely open-ended for a story-driven game . There are certain objectives that must be completed to progress the plot , but others are optional , and in all cases , exactly how you want to approach each objective is up to you . The overall plot of the game does n't depend significantly on just how you complete individual objectives , but certain details do , including the way some NPCs react to you . I 've played through this game four times so far , and there are still more possibilities I want to go back and explore.One of the things that impressed me most about this game was that all this freedom not only leads to emergent gameplay , it also manages to question the morality of the way the player chooses to play . I actually felt sorry for killing bad guys who could have just been knocked out with tranquilizers or a stun prod , especially after sneaking up close enough to overhear their conversations . For the first time , I found myself trying to determine which of the `` bad guys '' in a game `` deserved '' to die and which ones `` thought they were doing the right thing . `` That 's not to say that Deus Ex is all about morality and peaceful , non-violent solutions . That 's just one possible approach to the game . If you prefer the Terminator approach , there 's plenty of heavy-duty firepower to pull it off with , including assault rifles , flamethrowers , rocket launchers , and plasma rifles . And there are plenty of well-armed security guards , cybernetic soldiers , and giant heavily armored military robots to use them on.The role-playing aspects of Deus Ex are in many ways similar to those in System Shock 2 . You get to choose your favorite weapons and choose which modifications to apply to them . You spend skill points to improve your various skills , including different combat skills for the various kinds of weapons , lockpicking and electronics skills to bypass security , and environmental training and medical skills to reduce or repair the damage you take . And you have to choose which nano-technological augmentations to upgrade yourself with . For example , you can choose to augment your legs to either move faster or move quieter , but not both . And your arms can be upgraded with either enhanced melee combat strength or enhanced lifting strength . Choosing a combination of augmentations , skills , and weapons to suit a particular style of play is part of what gives Deus Ex such vast replayability.A role-playing aspect that was conspicuously missing from both System Shock games was interaction with NPCs . Not everyone in Deus Ex wants to kill you . Some are allies , a few are friends , and many are just bystanders , going about their lives . The voice acting , with a few notable exceptions , is very good , and the writing is exceptional . The people respond to your actions as well as your choices of conversation in mostly reasonable ways , and you find yourself interacting with them , not just for some extra points or a shortcut to your next objective , but because it 's interesting and fun to get involved in their little side-stories . Between the open-ended freedom of achieving each goal as you see fit , the role-playing of character interaction and style development , and just keeping track of all the different conspiracies tied together in the intricate plot , Deus Ex gives the player a lot more to think about than your average First-Person Shooter Role-Playing Game.Specifically regarding the Game of the Year Edition , not only is it the final release , so you wo n't have to worry about downloading and applying any patches , it also comes with an extra audio CD of remixes from the soundtrack . And yes , the soundtrack really is good enough for a seperate CD .
 As someone who enjoys FPS games such as Quake II & Half-Life , games in which the most succesful tactic is usually simply to shoot anything that moves as quickly as possible , it took me awhile to get into the rhythm of Deus Ex . But once I became used to the gameplay style , this game proved completely addictive.Deus Ex has created an incredible world with a multi-layered storyline . Everything in the world can be interacted with . The choices available to the gamer during play actually change the way the game is played . Who does JC Denton -LRB- you -RRB- trust ? As he gets more information , his choices become more complex . Do you choose to use your augmentation for invisibility to people , or do you opt for the radar stealth cloak which makes you invisible to cameras & spider-bots ? Do you give Agent Gunther a pistol when he asks for it or tell him that you 'll handle the situation ? Should you kill every terrorist in sight , or sneak around them , or disable them with your stun gun ? Do you want to break into the bakery to steal `` zyme '' for the drug dealer , thus putting some credits in your pocket while you 're sneaking around in Paris ? And what about your brother Paul ? Is he telling the truth or a traitor?The levels of this game are detailed & immersive . Hong Kong consists of canals -LRB- fully explorable -RRB- , bars , tea rooms , a market , a Tong enclave , a secret military lab , penthouse apartments , secret areas ... then there 's Paris , with a chateau , the old Knights Templar tower and more.Hacking computers is one extremely useful skill ; talking to every single person in your environment will gain you information and sometimes additional missions or ammunition . Exploration is the key to this game , as there is never just one way to get to a location or to achieve a goal ; you may find a sewer drain to swim into or a duct to sneak past your enemies . With all the multiple choices , the replay factor on Deus Ex is very high.After playing through this game twice , and trying the different multiple endings , I decided it was time to play one of my other games . So far I 've loaded 4 different ones ; each one is a let-down after Deus Ex . The only other game I 've played that has been as interesting was System Shock 2 . I just wish the sequel to this , `` Invisible War '' used the same RPG style play!Please make a REAL sequel to Deus Ex , please ?!
 I have played over fifteen FPS games from start to finish , and this is the best one of them all . Some of the other games I tried were Half Life , Soldier of Fortune , Rogue Spear , Hitman , Perfect Dark , and many others . The thing that sets Deus Ex apart from all the rest is the individual , realistic quality . No matter how good the graphics , and no matter how good the plot , it seems like every time the creators fall back into the same old pattern of setting up targets with no personality and mowing them douwn . I Deus Ex there is so much more to it than that . No matter how much you play it , You always discover something new . As in all good FPS games , there are obstacles that you have to get past , but rather than having to just climb boxes or shoot broken pipes or something , you have to interact with the characters and figure things out . Each of the enemy and friendly characters has depth , and sometimes the success of the entire mission depends on talking to someone on the street or in the bar or anywhere . In parts you have to find a bum standing in a dark alleyway , or an ally in a secret apartment to give you a key or vital information.The other thing about this game is the incredible depth of the character the player controls . The health alone is more complex , because you have five sections on your body , and each dies at a diferent rate . You could have no legs and need to crawl around until you can find more health . This could be represented in a candybar , soyfood , a medkit , wine , and many other things . In addition , you have a highly advanced technology which alows you to install augmentations . You can install night vision , bullet resistance , even the capability to dispatch spy drones with EMP attacks . The possibilitys range to ove 50 different augmentations , each upgradable to level four . As you complete tasks and discover new places , you gain experience . With this experience , you can upgrade skills to master level . You can learn to pick locks , disable security , heal with more efficiency , hack into computers , and becom more capable with various types of weapons , explosives , and equipment.This game is by far the coolest game ever invented , and I am now greatly enjoying playing it for the sixth time . Whether you are a veteran gamer as am I , or just want to try an FPS game for variety , go to the store and buy it now , because if you wait you will mourn the time lost without it .
 I hear people say all the time that despite Deus Ex being such a great game , Half-Life is just the best . I do n't see it . I own both , and Deus Ex is larger , better , more complex , more intuitive , more involving , and simply more fun to play.I 've played this game 5 times straight through now . Every time , they are different . Granted , the main crux of the game is still the same -LRB- Start with UNACTO , join NSF , etc. -RRB- , but it is the interactions you make that change how you will have to play it later . For instance , in about the middle of the game , you have to talk to this guy who owns a freighter , and find out how to scuttle it . But to get to it , you 're going to have to fight through a lot of troops , or sneak around them , etc. . However , by doing one tiny thing , -LRB- having a conversation with a Marine in the bar and telling him you 'll try to find out what 's going on down there -RRB- , he 'll tell his friends at the dock to expect you , and they 'll be on your side . If you do n't do this , you 'll have to kill them , knock them out , or slip past them.It is this level of gameplay that is unmatched . The story is so involving and deep that you want to keep playing . I 've lost many hours of sleep over this game . There is talks of making it into a movie , and the rights have already been sold . If it happens , I hope it is half as entertaining as the game . If it is , I wo n't be let down .
 be warned
 This game is a realistic combination of a first-person shooter and strategy game , quite deftly combined . Its gameplay requires patience and precision , but its attention to detail is incredible.Example
 I nerver thought this game was going to be like this . It is a mix between a futuristic James Bond -LRB- for the espionage involved and the multiple gadgets at your disposal like multi-tools , lockpicks , and the ability to be able to literaly hack into computers and security cameras -RRB- and a Gordon Freeman from Half-Life -LRB- for your constant having to run for your life -RRB- . The graphics are excellent as well as the dialogs -LRB- you keep on clicking on the person being talked to and this one keeps on giving you valuable information about your game objective -RRB- . If you are into suspense , action and stealth this game is for you.There is a huge arsenal of weapons available -LRB- sniper rifles , stealth guns , prods , flamethrowers , knives , throwing knives , shotguns , laser sights , scopes , silencers , etc. . The list is very long -RRB- as well as beer -LRB- forty -RRB- , wine , liquor , soda , soy food and candy bars . The lack of gore in the game can pass unnoticed by the in-game suspense and intrigue . Two persons can play the game and not finish it the same way because the decisions you make during the game influence the way the game will run -LRB- when I played the game JC Denton 's brother was killed by a group of MIB 's but a friend of mine played it and managed to keep him alive and he appeared throughout the game elsewhere . There is plenty of in-game saves . I wo n't say any more . Buy it and then you tell me about it .
 I 've racked my brain trying to think of a better game , finally I realized it ca n't be done . Fans of Metal Gear Solid -LRB- PC/PSone -RRB- will play this and never go back to Metal Gear . Good ol ` Deus is based on `` real '' conspiricy theories ... secret world government , Area 51 is the communications hub of the world , and world-wide plague in which the government has the cure , but tells no one . You play the game the way you want . Do you want to kill everyone or no one ? Do you want to be the warrior with all guns blazing or maybe the stealthy S.E.A.L. type ? Finally , are you willing to die for the cause ... do you want to take control of the world yourself ? -LSB- all -RSB- The choise 's are yours and you will live or die by them . Are you ready ?
 Deus Ex is a first person shooter rpg . It is one of the best games ever made with a long and excellent single player gameplay and with a great replay value . It has a great and lenghty storyline . Set in the future , the world is in bad shape with martial law almost all cities , there is poverty and famine everywhere , now a plague called grey death has broken out . Besides a great story the player will be given options of what to say everywhere and the story changes the way you play . Like in the first mission you have to take over the terrorist in the statue of liberty , if you killed the terrorist leader then after a few missions someone will take revenge . In another you have to save a girl hostage , if you save her you will be rewarded and if you failed the game will continue it does not say mission failed , restart level , and the game has three great endings . You play J.C.Denton an agent in the unatco with his brother paul . Unatco is an anti terrorist agency , a few missions later you will find out what the agency really is . Denton is a bionic man who can be trained to hack computers , pick locks , use powerfull weapons and even move or swim faster with the nanotech upgrades . Deus Ex 's level design is fantastic , You can go anywhere and do anything you want . All the objectives have several approaches to complete , there is always a door you can blow it open with explosives , a door with a lock you can pick , a door with a computerised lock you can hack open ect . The world detail is fantastic , you can turn on the shower , operate the soda machine ect , there are also a lot of secrect passage . Be sure to explore all the places and talk to everyone you see and the crosshair shows green before going to the next level.Deus Ex is very hard game and you upgrade your skills as you play . Players may find the game very frustrating as they will find themselves without enough ammo , multitool or lockpicks , that is mostly because they wasted their inventory . Deusex is a game in which every bullet and other items you use matters . It is also a game to save every minuite , it is better to save before every combat and reload the game if you wasted a lot of inventory items and not only if you got killed . The AI is very bad , but i think it is part of the game , as it is not a game with you as a heavily armed soldier must kill all the smart bad guys and procced to the next level . It is a game which gives you hard choices and second guess every action you do . Only the correct choices will get you past the bad guys even if they are very dumb . Deusex multiplayer is also good , It is a much different experiance from other games , you have to hack computers ect . Deus Ex is built on the unreal tournament engine . I played it on the Direct3D video mode and the game runs very smooth , load times were good . The first version may be optimised only for 3dFx-Glide but this version has a great direct3d code . I played it on direct3d 800x600x32 with detail textures and the game runs fine , opengl support is also quite good . The bad things are , the graphics are not very good , the charecters look very ugly , save games take large disk space . But the great gameplay makes up for it . Deus Ex is one of the best games i have ever played , it deserves the game of the year award . Get Deus Ex , It is the game of the future .
 Deus Ex is an innovative First Person RPG that immerses you in a dynamic world that adapts and changes based upon how you play the game . The overall game structure is episodic and each chapter unveils an open environment that provides an unlimited number of choices or methods for completing your objectives . Similar to modern RPGs , NPCs have a life of their own by engaging in dialogue with one another and adjusting their scripted behavior to match your actions or dialogue choices . What you say and do will determine which aspects of the storyline develop or what areas of the map you can access . Even seemingly innocuous decisions can result in major narrative changes later on , and the game designers have anticipated every possible choice or action you could imagine ; try and see for yourself . There is enough variety in the story telling and multiple endings to keep you coming back to play again and again.The skill and augmentation system allows for each player to customize their character without defaulting to traditional archetypes -LRB- though these are also possible to construct -RRB- . Although you can not change your skills or augmentations once they are assigned , the game is fluid enough to allow you to modify your play-style and successfully finish it.Aesthetically , the game is littered with information you can find by reading a book , picking up a newspaper , or hacking an email account . These fictional inclusions are mixed together with references from actual literature/philosophy that results in creating an unprecedented sense of reality . While reading everything is unnecessary to completing the game , it significantly enriches the experience and finding all the chapters to `` Jacob 's Shadow '' is rewarding in itself . The award winning soundtrack reflects the cyberpunk/conspiracy theory atmosphere without ever becoming repetitive or awkward . Even though this game was released in 2000 , the political and social commentary is provoking and uncomfortably relevant over a decade later.This is game is not a mindless romp in a sandbox , but an intellectually stimulating experience that rewards you with something new to discover each time you play it . If you enjoy a game that allows full customization , rewards innovation , tells a compelling story , and provides an unforgettable experience , then this is the game for you .
 This game is really one of the best games I have ever played . It 's kind of old , though , so do n't expect state of the art graphics.Recommended ? Yes . Yes it is .
 This is the best game ever created . I 've been playing games for quite some time and this game is truly the pinnacle of what a computer game can offer as an immersive experience.You might know the type of Deus Ex fan I am - pestering many people to play this game , got interested in game design because of Deus Ex , keep buying games hoping that somewhere , someone will make a game that will be as immersive.They do not make games like this any more . It is not possible . This game was a freakish accident - of circumstance and planetary alignment perhaps . With all the technologic advancement available to game developers , one would think that it would be easier to achieve what Ion Storm was trying to get at with Deus Ex.But no , I do not see a single developer trying . To make a game like Deus Ex , you need to have a loving and nurturing feeling for the FPS perspective experience and a absolute commitment to open-endedness . And intellectual depth in writing . Since these qualities in short supply , and will remain in short supply for a long long time to come , I dont forsee a game like Deus Ex being made in the near future.Thanks
 Favorites . Great game play & story.They do n't makem like this any more except for maybe half life 2 .
 Deus Ex gives the player a LOT of control -- there are tons of different weapons , weapon modifications , supplies , cybernetic augmentations that are upgrade-able , skills that are also upgrade-able , different items and routes to take advantage of . Roughly , your tactics fall into two categories -- stealth and confrontation , but by combining various assets , there are often many approaches.For instance , you can bypass a chokepoint by swimming underwater , using cloak to sneak past it , masking your approach by stacking large crates at key locations , unlocking ventilation ducts , disabling the security cameras and laser grids , walking on ledges and jumping off buildings , sniping from a distance , taking out the guards using silent darts , temporarily blinding them with gas grenades , or , if you 've practically become a walking tank , by shooting explosives at them as your nano-augmentations absorb the damages . Your enemies may use different weapons , such as the sniper rifle , the flamethrower , and the plasma rifle . Your enemies may be immune to gas , flame , or bullets , may be augmented agents like yourself , or even transgenic creatures or space aliens . When you open fire , you may draw their attention even if you 're cloaked . When you fire your stealth pistol , they would still hear the shots if they are close enough . You will have to consider the trade-offs as you budget your skill points , augmentation slots -LRB- minimizing toxic effects vs. carrying oxygen underwater , jumping higher and farther vs. running more quietly , being able to see a target 's health points & LOS vs. being able to see through nearby walls , enhancing all augmentations vs. reducing their total battery consumptuion -RRB- , and inventory space -LRB- a big rocket launcher vs. a smaller rifle with space for items such as biohazard suits and augmentation canisters -RRB- . The setting of the game is the 2050s . The powerful Bob Page has almost succeeded in merging with the machines and the computers , while at the same time tightening his control over the greater populace and thwarting intervention from informed individuals , such as the player 's character JC Denton . The transition from mission to mission is smooth and natural as you become immersed in the story . Although the main objectives are fixed , your choice of optional secondary objectives often tweaks your situation in later missions . Exploration is rewarded with rare items and/or skill points . There are three ways to complete the game , each one reflecting a different faction and ideology , which may not be 100 % appealing , but is nonetheless agreeable to some extent.One drawback is the graphics , which at some point comes across as almost sloppy , but then again , the game is not nearly as taxing on memory , the CPU , and the graphics card as its peers .
 First of all , why four stars?Without giving a spoiler , there is a point in this game where you are given the illusion of a choice . You can go through all the motions of making the choice the game is designed for you to make and then decide not to . You can go back to the place where your choice path for this level was started in conversation and there is a conversation option that makes it seem like you actually have two options.You do not have two options . You must make the choice the game is designed for you to make or your game will not continue.In a game designed for you to make decisions that affect your future , I found this slightly , VERY SLIGHTLY disappointing . This and this alone is why this game in my opinion did not receive a perfect five star review.The story in this game is vibrant , very engrossing and enjoyable to everyone whom I have ever introduced to it , bar none . Even people who did not enjoy first person shooters or people who disliked role-playing games enjoyed this game which incorporates aspects of both.While still being a first-person shooter , you have complete control over the level of violence you use . You can use gas grenades , a baton , a stun prod and sedatives to take down your enemies and threats non-lethally if you so choose with very few exceptions -LRB- three that I counted -RRB- . It is possible to play through this entire game with nearly no body count , and it is more challenging and fun often to attempt this.You have control over the development of your main characters development -LRB- what abilities he gets , how powerful those abilities become -RRB- and his morality as well . Even now , as the game has become slightly dated , it is still one of the best games I 've had the pleasure of playing.This is one of the few game purchases that I 've made with no regrets . I can not recommend it enough to any type of player .
 I remember playing this game so many years ago and thinking it was one of the most immersive games i ever played . The gameplay was great , sound was superb including the voice acting , and above all other aspects the storyline was incredible . The story touches on so many real topics including economics , society , philosophy , technology and religion , simply put the story is unlike any other game . Truly a great game . Play it if you missed it the first time around .
 Easily one of the greatest games ever made . A fluent and compelling storyline , amazing weapons and features still impressive 7 years later , great action , and an overwhelming feeling that you can solve a problem in this game in any way that you want to . There 's more than one way to do just about everything . 5 stars out of 5
 So what is the fuss all about ? Deus Ex was ahead of its time . It merged RPG elements into a First Person Shooter and allowed multple ways to finish every mission , which raised the reply value . I am actually upset because there are n't more games like this one . We see the same generic FPS formula redone over and over again . Companies can still learn from Deus Ex and they should . Deus Ex offers some very satisfying gameplay . Even though Deus Ex seems to be a FPS , it allows you to do things that you do n't normally find in an FPS . You can hack computers , use lock picks on doors , and blow up doors . That is an example of how Deus Ex gives you multiples ways to accomplish an objective . The way you kill is also a factor . You can use melee weapons , pistols , heavy guns , and sniper weapons . You can actually increase you effectiveness with using these weapons by raising your experience level in them . This little tidbit makes the game quite addictive . The graphics have not aged well , but nonetheless , the superb gameplay should make you forget about that , even for the most shallow gamers today . So is it worth getting ? YEAH !
 Deus Ex is a wonderful game . It was one of the first FPS-RPGs -LRB- First-Person Shooter / Role-Playing Game -RRB- , allowing the user to add skill points in various attribute areas , such as weapons , first aid , the use of numerous protective equipment . Each open-style mission allows the user to find multiple entrance points to the target site , based on skill and play-style . The Choose-Your-Own-Adventure dialog also allows for a new set of choices for every replay.The graphics are now dated , but it is a classic game.If you like the style and gameplay of Deus Ex , you should also try Mass Effect .
 Deus Ex has very often been called the greatest Role Playing Games ever created , and with good reason . Though the graphics are incredibly dated if you can see passed this there is fantastic gameplay , and intriguing plot and , suprisingly , interesting questions raised about human nature and political ideology.The last may sound quite pompous but do not let this put you off . The game is a First Person Shooter and is filled with action . The detail in the game is astonishing . Many times I 've decided to simply wander around and talk to other characters and investigate areas and found computers whose owners are having conversations about security , affairs or even mundane repairs . There is always something new to find each time you play.And you will play this many times . While the game can take about 40-45 hours to complete -LRB- if you take your time -RRB- there are numerous choices to make which will affect how missions go , or how certain characters react to you . This level of detail allows you to complete goals in several different ways . You can choose to shoot it out , use stealth or simply buy your way in . And , in the odd occasion , you do n't have to do a thing . You can just walk away.You play as J.C. Denton , a UNATCO -LRB- United Nations Anti-Terrorist Coalition -RRB- agent . This group was formed after a terrorist attack in New York in which the Twin Towers fell and the Statue of Liberty was destroyed . Considering this game was made in the late 90s it is strange that the Towers are no longer in the skyline of 2054 New York.The plot is full of twists which you really do not see coming . The critically acclaimed soundtrack , which comes with this edition on a separate CD , fits perfectly with the mood of each moment of the game . The only problem ? The second CD which contains the level editor and soundtrack can be a pain to get working . Other than that , this is a great game ; still better than most games on the market today and only a fraction of the price . Every PC gamer should have this .
 I love this game . I discovered it in the fall of 2001 and it seemed so prescient . I love the cheat codes and hacks . I love doing it without killing anyone . Sure it is n't the sexiest interface , and everything they say about the ai is true , but still I wish I could play it for the first time again -LRB- too bad about the lousy sequel -RRB- .
 Even though this game is a few years old , it is the best first person shooter game I 've played -- and I 've played quite a few . All I will say is `` buy this game . '' The second best first person shooter I 've played is SWAT 4 , which is great if you want something a bit more realistic . I usually like the more realistic games , but Deus ex is so fun that I ca n't complain it 's not realistic .
 Very much worth the small measly amount of money it costs.This game combines some of the best eliments of first person shooters with role playing games in a way that i dont think has really been done previously . It aslo adds eliments of realism that makes you think strategically about your aproach ... basically the gameplay combines the fun of shooting and deystroying stuff , the thrill of challenging oponents , with the depth of realistic strategy , and charecter development.Story line is exceptional ... i find myself loosing sleep because i dont want to stop playing the game , because I want to make whatever hapens next to happen . Plot is exceptionally rich if you like conspiracies.If you dont think this is a good game , seak emediate medical attention because there is something seriously wrong with you .
 Basically you install this game , and the first level takes over four hours if you wa n't to just , savor the game , and with it 's graphics , sound , and gameplay , and engrossing gameplay , there is no reason not to , this is the greatest story driven game about government conspiracies ever created , it 's a RPG , shooter , strategy sim , and drama , all wrapped into one , it 's far superior to half-life , and to me , it 's the update . - this game 'll blow your mind , it 's a steal at 30.00 $ - i 've got all the great games , Grand Theft Auto III , does n't hold a candle to the replay value in this , you can do anything , at any time , you can waste innocents , or protect them , the decisions are up to you , sneak through the level killing no one , or go out guns blazing , or perhaps hack your way into the computers and security systems , opening doors and shutting down bots . . it 's all up to you , it 's wide open , there is no , you know how in most FPS there is a straight line to go ? in this there is countless paths , and hidden sidequests , you can easily replay the game an infinite amount of time , and this version has multiplayer as well , all in all , this is the game that makes me appreciate games , and love to be a gamer . One Scales One to ten.Graphics
 This epic of a game has become my touchstone when determining the quality of a new game . This game contains unsurpassed quality in depth , story , replayability , and just plain fun . This is not your normal RPG OR shooter . It takes strategy , and your own style . I loved being able to determine my own fate and progress . Be warned though , this game is not for those who can just run and gun . Those of you who ca n't think your way out of a paper box will probably return this game , and I know some people that did . The only issue I had was that the graphics were pretty dated , because I just got it at the end of last year . For 2000 though , the graphics were beutiful , and besides , the archetecture and level design is absolutely amazing . I ca n't wait for the sequel .
 At the time it was visually stunning and Massivly open ended , with a weirds story line , a strange game style and a funky controle system , it actully managed to work ... then again I 'm just weird like that ...
 I can not wait for the second one . This game takes First person shooter 's and the RPG 's , nukes for 3 minutes , turns em a half turn , does it again and ends up with a hit . Graphics are ok , not great , but ok . It is the storyline and game play that make thius game so great . I want to know why more developers have n't followed suit to come up with more games like this ?!
 i got deus Ex free with my new pc , played it once and cant put it down , i just recieved my broadband and honestly i got 10-20 games i can play online , but i chose this one : -RRB- i cant seem to say much about 1st player , ive played some of it and its great , u earn `` points '' through out the game to spend on training for a particular thing you would like to get better at lol e.g. rifle , heavy weapons etc , i mostly play online now , i like to play with alot of people who have a smart mind with tactics , well this game , you need it ;-RRB- you can have 2 teams , 15 people each side . 1 team has taken the warehouse turrets -LRB- machine gun defence -RRB- and the team await behind the defence with deadly snipers . Your team , plans a way to get in there , you rush in , only a few survive with skill and your team has control of the turrets and now you wait ... for the right moment to shoot your gun : -RRB- LOADS of guns included - about 15 + i say , 5 out of 5 for this , yea , the graphics are old - but a true gamer dont go for graphs they go for gameplay , this game , has it all : -RRB-
 Really , it is . Try it out . You 'll like it .
 I just purchased a new computer and was interested in buying this game . Can anyone tell me if it will run on Windows XP . The system requirements suggest that it be used with Windows 95 , 98 , and ME ... does this mean that XP can not be used to play this game ?
 I just purchased a new computer and was interested in buying this game . Can anyone tell me if it will run on Windows XP . The system requirements suggest that it be used with Windows 95 , 98 , and ME ... does this mean that XP can not be used to play this game ?
 I 've done all the 3-d games since ID games Wolfenstein and this has got to be the best one of all . PROS
 This is the ultimate Computer Game . There is not one game out that can top this . It brilliantly molds strategy , intense action gaming , character interaction , and an excellent story line into one great game . The choices for doing almost anything are close to limitless . I 've played through this game several times , and I 've even used cheats just to search for everything it has to offer ... and i still have n't found everything . Everytime I play I find something new . If you are ever going to buy any video game it has to be this one ... that is until Deus Ex 2 come out ...
 An exciting game for the PC gamingenthusiast . This is a different experiencefrom the &#34; normality &#34; of the gaming world .
 This game is one of the best I have ever played . If you have never played this , try to look beyond the dated graphics , its worth it .
 This game literally could not be any better . The storyline is intense and the gameplay is phenomenal . Stealth , RPG , and FPS elements are perfectly blended to make a masterpiece . The soundtrack is also fantastic . I recommend this to ANYBODY who plays video games .
 I agree with everything already said about this game . Playing Deus Ex is like reading a Stephen King book . You really do get the feeling that you are J.C. Denton . Be ready to be addicted , you have been warned !!!
 Have n't found anything that compares to it for gameplay , choice of strategy , intelligence , and options . Love the real-world settings , too .
 This game is one of my favorite games of all time . Excellent gameplay , great story , solid graphics ... Hard to ask for more in a game if you like the genre . Highly recommended .
 When I first played this game I hated it . But after playing it and giving it a chance I have found out its a really good story based game with fun action . You will get used to the graphics , or I did anyway , if you do n't mind out-dated graphics . Which again , I hated the graphics at FIRST but they do n't bother me now . This is just a fun game for people who like RPG 's and games that let you choose if you want to play it like a Stealth game or a full shoot-em-up Action game .
 There have been a number of very good games over the years for PCs ' but without a doubt this game is one of the best games period . It may well be THE best game . I know it 's been out for years now but I just recently learned of it while cruising Amazon and happened to read the reviews.The graphics are slightly dated -LRB- still very good -RRB- but the game play and storyline are absolutely brilliant . I was actually sad to finish this game because I looked forward to the challenge after work in the evenings.This is truely a landmark game experience . If you have not played this game you are missing a classic .
 I gave up playing games about a decade ago , but I had a few days off recently , and I picked this game up because I heard it was the best game ever made ... and it is ! I honestly do n't think I 've ever enjoyed a computer game so much as I did this one . It plays like an action game , but your character develops like in a role-playing game , and the story 's so compelling -LRB- excellent writing , on par with any TV show and with many films -RRB- that I found myself playing on and on because I wanted to see what would happen next . Truly a unique experience , and easily the best computer or video game I 've ever seen .
 As an avid player of RPGs and first person shooters , I really like this game . The story , plot , and action are easily on par with a game like Half-Life but what really sets this game apart is the breath of detail in how main characters and NPCs interact with the main character as the game progresses based upon decisions made throughout the game . This makes for exceptional replay value.The only thing that seemed rather odd to me when I first played it , is that for a cybernetically enhanced individual , his jumping ability is pretty feeble . It does n't hurt the game , it just seemed odd . But after thinking about it -LRB- and playing the game again -RRB- , I think games like Quake , Half-Life , and Unreal have more forgiving physics.Anyway a really fantastic game .
 This game is over six years old . And it beats everything I 've played until now.Firstly , though , this game is not a shoot 'em up and not Quake like . This is not Tombraider.This game is immersive . You go into the game 's environment , and you start to care about the characters in the game . You get a sense of wonder about the environments and the scenarios.You will like this game if you like spy movies and you like games with multiple solutions .
 I 'll start if off short . The thing that makes this game what it is is it 's immensly deep storyline . The storyline will absolutely blow you away . It is so detailed and so intricate that even playing the game dozens of times straight through , there are still parts I can not understand or comprehend . The game follows more of an RPG than a FPS , you will find most of your time running around trying to solve clues , find contacts , and so on without even having a weapon drawn . It is nothing like the shoot-em-up Quakes , Dooms , and Half-Lifes . The game has content , it has gameplay , an excellent musical score , and , once again I 'll say it , the best storyline anybody has ever come up with . This is the kind of storyline that could , with the right people , make the best action/mystery flick ever devised . I am so enticed in the storyline even this many years after its release -LRB- and I first bought it the day it was released after playing the demo -RRB- that I even converted the music to listen to on my home stereo . THAT is how addicting the game is . If you have any brain at all , you will definately LOVE this game . Just do n't go for the sequel after beating this , you will be terribly , terribly , terribly , terribly dissappointed.Final message to the developers
 If you want a truly immersive game , this is it . This game is a work of art , a masterpiece . This game was made many , many years ago , and no modern game has ever caught up with Deus Ex 's top notch gameplay . Never in the game will get that all too common feeling of being led , the feeling that you experience in most of todays FPSs . No game can compare in the way that Deus Ex gives control to the player . Augmentations , skill upgrades , weapons , various ammunition and uses for each weapon , gadgets , hacking , electronic bypassing , various missions endings , it goes on and on . Hopping off the helicopter and leaping from one roof top to the other with the moon as the only source of light and the wind blowing , taking cover , pulling out my sniper rifle and picking a soldier off a mile down the block , I knew that this game was The One .
 Deus Ex is a wonderful game unlike anything before it . Its amazing , unexpected , and twisting plot is twenty times as compelling as most of the pathetic , cliched , excuses for movies that hollywood cranks out . It has a level of open-endedness that surpasses any game before it . Unlike other open-ended games like The Sims , or Everquest , Deus Ex ties its story together with goals and a way that you can actually win the game . Speaking of winning , Deus Ex has 3 different endings , the choosing of which is up to you . Over the course of the game , many characters who you may even become attached to , can live or die directly based on your actions . The only problem that I have with this otherwise stupendous game is the substandard graphics . However , given the game 's age , this is to be expected . There is no wrong way to play Deus Ex . You can choose to fight from the shadows , you can fight head on , you can simply sneak and avoid combat . The possibilities are limitless . Based on how you play the game , you can choose different abilities , weapons , augmentations -LRB- these are like super powers -RRB- . Based on your style of play , innocents may die , enemies may live and the outcome of the world may be changed . Over 4 years since its release , Deus Ex continues to be a revolutionary experience that paves new ground for the future of video games . Forget Half Life . This is the best game ever created and deserves every bit of its Game of The Year 2000 award . Given its age , you can probably pick it up for under $ 15 . You 'll be glad you did , because Deus Ex is more than a game . It 's an experience .
 One of the most intelligent and enjoyable games I 've ever played .
 This is absolutely the best FPS I have ever played ! It 's got excellent gameplay which almost makes it feel more like an RPG than a FPS . The graphics are not quite up to par considering it uses the Unreal engine from a couple of years ago , but the graphics are still great . The sound is fabulous . The storyline is about as well put together as a storyline gets.I recommend this game to any gamer of any genre . The level editor is also the most fun thing I 've ever used . Once you get used to it you get really hooked . It 's also the best game you can buy for that price . Deus Ex is definately the best game . If you do n't have it yet then pick it up now .
 Comparable to Half-Life . This game has it all . Words ca n't hardly describe how fun this game is . High re-play value , decent graphics , awesome weapons , great storyline and so much more . Buy it and you will be hooked .
 I 'm not a `` Shoot to kill '' kind of guy , and since `` Wolfstein '' , that I had a personal interest in fighting nazies , I never really liked that kind of games. , they bored me . And then I borrowed `` Deus Ex '' from a friend . The plot is fascinating , the graphics are good and gives a pretty realistic view , and the world , even though fantastic , is believeable -LRB- Which means that it is acceptable by logic that such a world can exist . -RRB- . `` Deus Ex '' is the only game that I found myself breathing faster , and focusing all my senses , before I passed a corner , knowing that something is waiting behind it.Shortly
 This game , though it may seem old and immature , is actually great ! Even though it is rated as a game for youngsters -LRB- 8-12 -RRB- the purple moon games about Rockett 's decisions in her new school are very entertaining for anyone . The concept is that slightly of a movie - you watch what goes on and everytime -LRB- which is almost always -RRB- there is a decision to be made , you have three options and whatever you pick will happen to Rockett throughout her school day . This type of game is so versatile because there are millions of decision making options , which allows one to replay and replay the game over and over . I have not yet played the other Rockett games , such as New School and Tricky Decision , but Secret Invitation is an extremely entertaining game unlike any other I have ever played . The grpahics of course are n't like most adventure games and the concept is completely different , but I find this concept to be a very enjoyable , innovative gaming experience .
 With a new mystery to solve you , Nancy Drew , must explore a museum and learn about the ancient Mayan legends . Definately a great game for sleuths of all ages . That is , if you 're up to it!The various clues and puzzles are challenging and the personalities of the suspicious characters will keep you on the edge of your seat . Her Interactive has done it yet again ; Secret of the Scarlet Hand is another chance to let your investigational skills shine , meet new people , explore new areas , and enjoy superb graphics .
 It took me much less time to finish this one than all the others . In my opinion , the plot and secnery and everything was very good , but I think that they overloaded it with too many things . You have to go back and forth , right and left . It 's like you never have time to really think , or to relax . Everytime you finish doing something , another thing pops up ! I liked the ones before this better , but this one is really great for those who like a challenge !
 I loved the new great even more realistic graphics ! But I did hate the quizzes that you have to do in the temple of the museum . I liked how you travelled and you did learn quite a bit about the Mayan culture because of the quizzes , but it was frustrating having to go back and forth around the museum to find answers . Pretty freaky too ! As usual of course . It was a good story and plot and the game was of course fun like always ! They also give a laptop for you to use so you can keep track of notes easier and you do n't have to waste a bunch of paper ! But I hate how you have to scroll ALL the way down just to look at the lastest notes you have ! Despite all the bad parts , which is very little , it was still a good game and very enjoyable ! : -RRB-
 This game was very interesting and fun . It might have to do with history but who cares ! it 's still a great game everyone who likes Nancy Drew should get it . The game has cool things happen that you never thought could happen ! it 's the bom ! Nancy Drew rocks !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is an excellent game , although it did take me a while to beat it . It has an excellent plot with good graphics and realistic characters . I only gave it 4 stars because it was hard in some spots but the her interactive website -LRB- herinteractive.com -RRB- really helped with practiculy eveything . I really enjoyed this game and recamend it to anyone who is a Nancy Drew fan . I have ever game except for haunted carusel and this is definetly one of the best .
 I was so excited when I received SSH on my birthday . This game is definately a step up on the difficulty level for the Nancy Drew games , but it is definately worth it . If you 've played any of the Nancy Drew games , you 'll understand what I mean . There may be more tasks and puzzles to solve , but they are all worth it for the last scene in the game . -LRB- which I wo n't give away -RRB- . SSH is definately worth your money , and with two difficulty levels , you can play it over and over again . Two thumbs up !!!!
 This game is reccommended to anyone who needs to catch up on their history ! Very , Very educational game ! Also full of adventure !
 A branzen theif steals a priceless artifact while you , Nancy Drew , are setting up an exhibit of ancient Maya treasures in the very next room . The only clue left behind is a mysterious scarlet handprint . Use your wits to track the theif 's sinister blood-red signature through a maze of long-buried secrets in this thrilling 3D interactive mystery . Do n't delay-unless , you find the answer soon , you might become just another part of history!Clearly , the game , -LRB- like all the others -RRB- produced an exciting and intriguing plot . Eerie music surrounds you as you venture through the museum looking for clues and question eyebrow - raising suspects . The game itself is somewhat more challenging than the others in it 's series . I have not been able to uncover the person behind all the mayhem . I have Windows XP , and I have never run into a problem with installation , sound/music , or the display . But if you 're really in to mysteries and interactive games , then this is the game for you !
 I really liked this game.I thought that because it was hard , it made the game better to play.Though some parts were hard , it was a very amusing game.Clues lead you to suspect one person , but you think it 's another.By far the best plot !!!! I liked how you got to travel to several other spots also.All in all , I think this is probably the best game , so far that is ! - Panda
 This game is by far one of the best in the Nancy Drew game series.It has a healthy ammount of puzzles , history , snooping and questioning.Not to mention the graphics are quite pleaseing as well.I really highly recommend this game ... It is extremely fun to play and it really can get your heart pounding and your brain pumping : -RRB-
 This game is fantastic ! It is one of my top favorites from this series , and I have played all of the games except for the first two . The graphics were excellent ; definitely a step-up from previous games . Also , this game was intriguing , as well as educational . I loved learning all about the Mayan culture and King Pacal ! Other educational aspects included
 I really enjoyed playing this game-and i 'm not even finished with it ! I love the museum plot-it almost makes me want to be a curator myself.Me and all my friends and even my brother like this game.It is compatible to most computers , which is good , since I have a somewhat old computer.You 'll need to take a lot of notes for it , though.Here 's a hint : the mayan matchmaker is atanzahab .
 This was an enjoyable game . If you have played other Nancy Drew Games you well like this one as well .
 I gave this as a gift . She likes it very much . It arrived quickly and in great condition .
 My daughter really likes this game ! There 's a lot to do within the game sequence - there are mini-games within the story that are fun additions . Many hours of problem solving skills disguised as fun !
 this is one of the best of the best games in this series . this game has good graphics , good story line and tons of fun . there is no negative to this games that I know of .
 I LOVE this game ! The plot is intriguing , the gameplay submersive and interesting , the characters are unique , the music is great , and the setting is wonderful as well ! :-RRB- -LRB- And just so you know , I AM a critiquer , so I would tell you if I disliked something ;-RRB- -RRB- I also love the history about the Maya thrown in there -- GREAT game ! I would highly recommend this , I believe it is one of Her-Interactive 's best ! :-RRB- ~ Laura
 Not that the other games were bad - on the contrary - they were excellent . This game is more complex and the graphics just keep getting better and better . I buy these under the pretense that they are for my girls , but I play them also ! They are an excellent way to challenge kids to think . Everything is not handed over to you and you have to put your mind in gear to play . I also like the multiple levels that offer less hints for older kids/adults . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE NANCY DREW GAMES : -RRB-
 Secret of the Scarlet hand really was a spectacular game . Not only did I just play a game , but I also learned about the ancient Mayan , their kings -LRB- like King Pacal -RRB- their gods , and their culture . It was really quite fasinating . I also learned about Sonny Joon , who worked at the Beach Hill Museum before Nancy came . Sonny sounded like quite the nusence ; for he had an ubsestion with alains and how they `` ubducted the Mayan '' , and also how he had some sweet tooth for the Koko Kringles candy bar . Another thing is that Sonny would mess up all the displays and such at the museum , leaving poor Nancy to clean up all his messes . Secret of the Scarlet hand was a maze of puzzles , and you had to test your knowlage on the ancient Mayan . At the end of the game , Nancy became face-to-face with ... A MUMMY !!!! It was said in the game that King Pacal had had a tomb made for the whisper , who had said something bad about Pacal . No one was able to open the tomb , or monolith , but when Nancy did , she had got trapped inside it , and it was only a matter of time before she , like the mummy beside her had , sufficated within the solid stone walls . If time ran out for you , it was bye-bye Nancy . -LRB- And to see Nancy 's mummy next to the other mummy 700 years later was not a pretty site -RRB- Over all , Secret of the Scarlet Hand was a wonderful game for your brain .
 This game rules . It is way longer than The Haunted Carousel but it 's definitely worth it . The puzzles like the Mayan number display and the temple quizzes were challenging but very fun and I learned a lot ! I never really thought I would like the game considering it was a gift and I was n't really interested in the Mayan culture , but once I played I just became attached ! I really suggest this game if you like scary stuff -LRB- do n't ask -RRB- . You ' l know what I 'm talking about soon enough !
 `` Secret of the Scarlet Hand '' is here ! The follow-up of `` The Final Scene '' continues to offer some great gaming with complex puzzles , intense plots , and some cool characters . While I prefer the previous three games , `` Secret of the Scarlet Hand '' is a good game , and among the most important games in the series.Nancy has decided to take a break and head out for an internship at Beech Hill Museum in Washington , D.C. . Her dad 's friend , Franklin Rose , has spoken with the Board of Directors to set this up for her , and she 'll be working with several other experts of Mayan culture to set up Beech Hill 's new exhibit , featuring a jade carving of the Mayan King Pacal and ancient monolith that was recently excavated from Mexico . While Nancy 's internship starts off peaceful , Beech Hill soon becomes victim of a burglary ! After the theft , Nancy finds a piece of paper with a gruesome scarlet hand left in the place of the now-missing Pacal carving . While investigating , she learns that a series of similar thefts have occurred around the country . Nancy 's now determined to retrieve the carving and catch this thief red-handed . The setting was great , and unlike any that 's been seen in a Nancy Drew game before -LRB- or since -RRB- . While there is more limited exploration , the areas that were able to be explored were nicely decorated and fully-interactive . I liked walking through the temple of Maya games and playing them all , as well as exploring other areas in Washington D.C. . The abundant exploration that was in the previous three installments is definitely lacking here , though . There were several locations that did n't serve much of a purpose in the game -LRB- save to talk with a specific suspect -RRB- and the museum lacked any secret passageways . Regardless , the places that the suspects are conversed with are very nicely detailed and I rather enjoyed seeing different areas and buildings in Washington , D.C. while living vicariously through Nancy.Some of the chores were rather tedious , such as matching up an exhibit with its correct recording . However , chores like these were the exception instead of the rule . Most of the games were rather entertaining , especially the maze and ancient Mayan games.The suspects are probably the most disappointing aspect in this game . They include the museum curator , Joanna Riggs , Henrik Van Der Hume , the artifact expert , Alejandro del Rio , the attach&eacute; to the Mexican Consulate , and Taylor Sinclair , the art dealer who helped Joanna get her hands on several of the artifacts that will soon be put on display . As a whole , the suspects are rather flat and unable to be conversed with much . Joanna is especially guilty of this , as her character definitely borders on useless . Most questions Nancy asks her , she answers with something along the lines of `` Henrik can help you with that . '' Taylor and Alejandro are hardly much better when it comes to development , only serving to be conversed with once every so often and not providing much insight into the case . On the contrary , Henrik was awesome and nicely developed , and he winds up playing a very large role in the game itself.While three of the four suspects were n't very developed , they all did have some great motives to be the culprit in the end . Even though I did n't see this culprit coming when I first played the game , I see in hindsight that he/she is truly the most logical choice . This is definitely another game in which I can not see anybody but the guilty party as the culprit in the end.As stated before , the suspects were n't very nicely integrated . The phone friends , on the other hand , were very well scripted and employed . I loved all of the conversations that Nancy has on the phone with people , as they were humorously and cleverly composed . Most importantly , several characters that play important roles in the Nancy Drew series as a whole make their first appearance in this game , including Frank and Joe Hardy -LRB- AKA The Hardy Boys -RRB- , Poppy Dada , Prudence Rutherford , and Sonny Joon . This is also the first game to feature the name of the Krolmeister company , which will play a substantial role in the games to come.The music was definitely different when compared to other games , in that it has more of a `` historical '' and `` nature '' feel to it , while the soundtracks of other games were more `` mysterious '' and `` elegant '' . This , however , is a bonus for this game . While previous games have focused on bandits , royalty , and magicians , this game focuses on the ancient Mayan civilization . The soundtrack was great for a museum filled with the histories of these ancient people , and all the tracks certainly felt in place.Is `` Secret of the Scarlet Hand '' my favorite Nancy Drew game of all time ? No . Does it rank high on the list , though ? Most definitely . While I did prefer the previous three games , this one certainly holds up to the high standards that the Nancy Drew series has set for itself . The plot is wonderful , and ultimately leads to an unforgettable and heart-pounding encounter that I never saw coming . Certainly ca n't wait to write about the next game all because of this one ! : -RRB-
 A summer internship becomes a study in crime for Nancy Drew when a brazen thief steals a priceless piece of art . The culprit 's blood-red handprint leads deep into the secrets of an ancient cicvilazation . When a co-worker loses his memory in a suspicious accident , Nancy 's on her own in a desperate search for cluses . She must dig beneath the surface of everything she hears and sees to reveal the face behind the ominous scarlet hand ... Collect pieces of and ancient puzzle as you peer into the dark secrets of the Maya . Listen carefully ; the truth may be revealed in a chance conversation , a recorded message , or a phone call from a friend . Watch you step ! Stay on the path or risk being lost forever in a twisted maze of secrets . The clues you seek are thousands of years old-high tech tools are your only hope to catch a modern-day thief . Someone wants to keep a secret buried-and you along with it-if you get to close.P.S # 1 . Alot of people are mistaking this one with TRT , we all make mistakes but make sure to check . These reviews are for people who would like to buy the game and it would be unfortanate if it was n't what they were looking for . # 2 . It 's kinda weird that my name is Nancy and in the game people call me Nancy , it seems like the game knows my name ! # 3 . If anyone else needs help with this game , post a review titled `` Dear Nancy , '' I will try to answer as soon as I can but be patient . I hope I hear from you soon ! : -RRB-
 Okay , I own all the Nancy Drew games and they are all really great and fun !! I just like this one better because it has a really cool plot and a lot of unexpected tiwsts that some of the other games do n't have ! Anyways , Nancy has gotten a internship with the Beech Hill musuem and while she is there a very rare Mayan artifact is stolen!And while you are trying to catch the theif you learn a lot about the anicent Maya , it is basically a really fun history class !! It is even more fun if you play with a family member or in a group.If you need any help at all you can go to herinteractive.com and go on the message board , where people that have already played the game can help you out . Plus it has a tutorial so you can learn how to move Nancy around and talk to the characters.You do n't have to play the other games to figure out what is going on . So worth you money !!
 Secret of the Scarlet Hand is the 6th game in the Nancy Drew Series . It takes place in a Maya museum where a very important genuine Maya artifact has been stolen
 In this Nancy Drew Mystery Nancy is working as a deputy currator at Beech Hill Museum . She is working with Mayan Artifacts and is having a good time until a treasured piece is stolen and another one left in danger . There are several other mysteries all with the same clue left behind ... a mysterious red hand print . Can Nancy save the museum ? Buy this today . I also reccomend Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake and The Haunted Carousel , which is coming in mid July .
 In this Nancy Drew Interactive Mystery game , Nancy Drew gets an internship as deputy curator in Washington D.C. at Beech Hill Museam . But just before the new Mayan exhibit is to be launched , one of the museam 's most valuble artifacts is stolen ! This game is super fun and one of the best Nancy Drew games avalible ! It has some flaws with the plot , and sometimes gets a litte frustrating , but this game is still great . If you like challenging puzzles , and are intrested in learning a little more about ancient Maya life , this game is for you !!!
 This game was awsome ! It was the first Nancy Drew game Ihad ever played , but it was one of the most amazing games I 've played yet.I played this game abuot 2 years ago , and have solved 5 other Nancy Drew games since . The graphics were sooooo amazing , it felt like you were in the game . Their were twists , turns , and suprises around every corner . Sometimes the hints her friends gave you were of no help . If I got stuck to where I absolutly did n't no what to do next I got online and got on the website -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- UHS = Universal Hint System -RRB- . They helped waaaay more than Walk-through hints . These hints can help with any type of game you need hints on .
 This is a product designed to get kids to think out the puzzles , and solve the mystery ... yet it keeps them coming back again and again for the fun .
 the nancy drew computer games are fun , challenging and scary . They take hours to beat with challenging puzzles , strange suspecs and many clues . If you are looking for a computer game this is a top choice !!!!!!!
 i love to play this game with my brother and sister . it is kind of hard at the end but we still figured it out . we have 6 of these at home and we solved all of them ! ca n't you believe this ? well anyway this is just cool !!!! make more NANCY DREW games , HERINTERACTIVE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 In this Nancy Drew Interactive Mystery game , Nancy Drew gets an internship as deputy curator in Washington D.C. at Beech Hill Museam . But just before the new Mayan exhibit is to be launched , one of the museam 's most valuble artifacts is stolen ! This game is super fun and one of the best Nancy Drew games avalible ! It has some flaws with the plot , and sometimes gets a litte frustrating , but this game is still great . If you like challenging puzzles , and are intrested in learning a little more about ancient Maya life , this game is for you !!!
 I enjoyed this game the most out of all the other Nancy Drew games ! It is very addictive , because it becomes so interesting . Not only is it interesting and fun , but it 's educational . Nancey Drew is a great role model for kids too . I 'd say that you have to get this game .
 This is a really good game . There are alot of puzzles to figure out and characters were realistic . The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it was a little too much like you are in a history class about the Maya but everything else about the game was great ! I would definatly recommend you get this game !
 Once again , my daughter and I have solved another Nancy Drew case . It is really fun and adventureous . Once you start , youcannot stop . These games bring you through all types of secretpassage ways , fixing motors on boats , finding birds , and all other types of things . We have told other friends about thesecd 's and they are also enjoying them . Ca n't wait for the nextone .
 This game was fun but short . the thing i love is that within the game you have games you must play and complete in order to go further with your investigation . The only thing i did n't like about this game is that nancy 's voice is so irritating and annoying like she was on too much prozac . Anyways one part i thought was poorly created was when i had to guess the password for the computer . Realistically all passwords must be one word -LRB- no spaces -RRB- so i tried everything . Finally i gave up . What do you know ? in this game the password contains a space between the 2 words -LRB- which is not realistic to real computers -RRB- but oh well i just move on . Overall it was very fun to play and im in my mid 20 's : -RRB-
 If you love history , this is your game . Seriously . If history class is a drag , you 'd be best off skipping this one . However , if you think you can stomach what seems like a 10-hour field trip , feel free to go ahead and play it.I , personally , am not a history fan . It bores me to tears . If it were not for my determination to play all the ND games , I would 've stopped playing . I mean , a mystery in a museum about Mayan culture is bound to be boring for someone like myself.Another downside to this game was that there 's actually no real MYSTERY for the first hour or so , making the first hour even more of a drag than the rest of the game was . I still remember my boss , Joanna , bursting into the room saying , `` Beech Hill -LRB- the museum -RRB- has been hit ! Sit tight , Nancy , the police are on their way ! '' And my sis and I are jumping around going , `` YES ! We finally have a mystery to solve ! `` The puzzles were pretty easy , but there were a LOT of them ! Why on earth I had to make my way past three levels of quizzes just to get to a place I 've already seen , I 'll never know . The only challenging one , I found , was those idiotic audio narrations , which were a bit TOO hard , seeing as everyone in my family confirmed that they were sevens when they were really ones.They scaryness of this game was limited . Very limited . The only time I even got anything close to scared -LRB- I was only 12 when I played the game -RRB- was :1 . When one of the NPC 's fell down a long flight of stairs and was knocked unconcious , resulting in amnesia and a very LONG hospital stay . I was very attached to this character , and , being the sap that I was , starting crying when I heard him falling down the temple steps and then seeing him on the ground .2 . The ending . I think HI was trying to outshine themselves . Either that , or they were trying to make up for the boring-ness of the rest of the game . If you ca n't stomach being trapped in an airless space with a half-rotted corpse , you 'd best have a partner with you to finish the game for you . That 's what I did!Other than that , there is really nothing else of importance about this game I probably should mention other than the fact that it was long , boring , took me 3 years to finish because I kept stopping and starting , and felt like a field trip . Most of the NPC 's were very annoying -LRB- I kept wanting to smack this one ` pillowhead ' ... if you 've played the game , you 'll know who I 'm talking about ! If he offered me a stale cookie one more time ... -RRB- Anyway , if you love history , you 'll love this game . If you do n't ... well ... it 's up to you to decide if you want to put yourself through hours of pointless puzzles .
 I enjoyed playing this game and the graphics are great !!!
 I like all the Nancy Drews I did before -LRB- 6 -RRB- but this one was one of the best ! The ending was pretty scary ! Also everthing seemed to go into the story line . I loved it ! It was so suspenful ! 5 stars all the way !
 This has to be the hardest of the Drew games , but its not the best.The storyline is so so.The characters are not as developed as other games in the series.The game was ok in my opinion.Its not as boring as The Final Scene or Secrets Can Kill.A improvement on Herinteractives part.Cant wait for Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake .
 This Game Is Very Fun . I 've Played The Demo , Read The Book , & I Saw The Screen Shots . I Am A Fan Of All The Nancy Drew Games , And The Company That Makes It Says Its The Best Nancy Drew Game They Made . Enjoy The Game !!
 The cover says it is for `` ages 10 and Up '' . I would say it is more like ages 12 and up , unless you have a child who stays on the A + Honor Roll.There is more area and people to cover than the previous games . A positive note , it is ONE disc . That is GOOOOOD . I recall one of the Nancy Drew games having two discs and I had to a lot of switching ... OFTEN . A negative note , this is not a game you can stop playing a week and then get back into . There is a lot of note taking , impressions of personalities to remember , etc. . After 5 or more days , you forget small -LRB- but vital -RRB- things.Yes , I recommend it highly , but not for age 10 . I also recommend , if the player is around age 12 , to send in the card for the game secrets/manual ... . Otherwise , your gamer may end up stuck in a spot or two and is UNABLE to continue on without some vital clue . The manual can be used to help over those rough spots.One more thing , check the system requirements before purchasing . I have heard that some people are trying to play the game on a machine without the requirements listed . -LRB- Amazon lists these requirements near the price . -RRB- If you do n't have the lowest requirements , forget it . It will freeze often ... -LRB- IT 'S FREE -RRB- . Then you can go to the chat board where you choose which of the games you are playing , all 6 are listed , and ask questions , leave tips , etc. . It wo n't be long before your post is answered either ! Seems as though many people are always there .
 I am father to 2 Nancy Drew fans . Excellent graphics and gameplay . I previewed this game prior to my daughters playing through . This one is rated for ages 10 and up which I think may be a little low . Far more complex than all of the previous games . Involves Spanish language and foreign names as well as tremendous attention to detail including ancient symbols for words and numbers . This game is a real treat for the whole family to enjoy but too hard to be handed to a 10 year old . Take copious notes as this is extremely challenging . Kept me up long after the kids were in bed . We have played the others and are ready to pre-order the next release . Truly entertaining , bring your brain , this will challenge you .
 Let me start off by saying that I will be 40 years old in August and love the Nancy Drew games . Here is what I rate them and why :1 . Secrets Can Kill - I give it -LRB- ** -RRB- - The graphics were n't the greatest and the killer turned out to be someone that did n't even appear until the end of the game . I also did n't like having to switch from one CD to another .2 . Stay Tuned for Danger - -LRB- *** -RRB- the graphics still needed improvement but puzzles were better .3 . Message in a Haunted Mansion - -LRB- **** -RRB- The graphis still were n't the best but the puzzles and other clues made it interesting .4 . Treasure in the Royal Tower - -LRB- ***** -RRB- - This is one of my favorite games in the ND series . I liked the puzzles and learning about Marie Antoinette . Very Fun Game to play .5 . The Final Scene -LRB- *** -RRB- - This games was alright but I did n't like just staying at the theater because there were only so many rooms to explore .6 . Secret of the Scarlet Hand - -LRB- ***** -RRB- This is one of my favorite games in the ND series because I got to learn all about Mayan culture and King Pacal .7 . Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake - -LRB- **** -RRB- I really liked the characters in this game . I also liked that I got to learn about forest life , different types of poision ivy and lime disease . A very fun game .8 . The Haunted Carousel - -LRB- **** -RRB- - This was a good game but not as interesting -LRB- educational -RRB- as other games were . The robot was rather annoying .9 . Danger on Deception Island -LRB- ***** -RRB- - I really liked this game because it teache you about whales and how to go clam picking . I really liked the stoy plot as well . The only puzzle I did not like was the matching game because you 'd turn over a card but then the match might be on screen 1 or screen 2 or screen 3 . Other than that I really liked the game .10 . Secret at Shadow Range -LRB- ***** -RRB- - I liked this game a lot . You get to learn all about ranch life and other interesting facts . I really liked the characters and plots .11 . The Curse of Blackmore Manor -LRB- ***** -RRB- - In this game , Nancy goes to England to help a friend 's daughter . Even though I figured out who the culpret was before the end , the game was still a lot of fun ! The only thing I did n't like was the parrot because she was very annoying ! 12 . The Secret of the Old Clock -LRB- ** -RRB- - Like the very first ND game in the series , I really did not care for this game . As Nancy you got around by car . However , you did n't get to see some of the characters . You only heard a voice when Nancy was talking to them . I also did n't like that every time you got a flat tire and had no money you had to but the shop owners bolts and nuts away to earn the gas or new tire . Finally , if a much younger person were playing the game they would have no idea that Lowood school for girls comes from the Jane Eyre novel or other events that happened in history .
 I have played all the Nancy Drew titles from Her Interactive , and Secret of the Scarlet Hand -LRB- based on Nancy Drew book 125 -RRB- is the best -LRB- and most impressive -RRB- of the lot . In this adventure Nancy is the new deputy curator at Beech Hill Museum in Washington D.C. . The museum is almost ready to open its most impressive exhibit
 My children and I have played all the games in the Nancy Drew series , but this is the best one yet . This is not just for kids !! We anxiously await each new game . This game was so clever and so much fun to play . It teaches creative thinking and problem-solving , not to mention that we have become experts on the `` Mayan '' culture and Mayan artifacts ! Ca n't wait for the next one -- This is also NOT just for girls !!
 `` Nancy Drew
 Secrets Can Kill had lousy graphics , but I 'll forgive them because it was their first game , after all . The plot was good , the puzzles were OK , and it was kind of easy.Stay Tuned For Danger is one of my favorites . The plot is awesome , the puzzles are great , and the ending is OK . The graphics were good.Message in a Haunted Mansion is one of the more boring NDs . The plot is n't particularly interesting , the puzzles are n't particularly interesting , and the ending is n't particularly interesting.Treasure in the Royal Tower was OK . The ending was cool , though , and if you 're interested in French history , specifically in Marie Antoinette , then you 'll like this one.The Final Scene was a good one . It was fun , challenging , and the puzzles were good . The graphics were great , even though I really do n't think such a popular theater would be so run-down . The Secret of the Scarlet Hand was fun , educational , and had great graphics . If you 're interested in the Mayans , then this is the game for you . I warn , you though , it has a VERY creepy ending ... if you 're squeamish , then do n't watch the ending.The Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake was the very first ND I ever played , and one of my favorites . The puzzles range from easy to hard in it , so I never got bored . I got stuck , though , and ended up consulting a walkthrough . The plot was great , and the graphics were awesome.The Haunted Carousel is another one of my faves . The graphics are REALLY good , and this is the game where Her Interactive began providing cellphones . The puzzles are fun , and then ending is fun.Danger on Deception Island is a good one . I like the idea of the orca and everything . Very good graphics and storyline and OK puzzles . The ending was good.The Secret of Shadow Ranch was fun . The plot is good , and you get to ride a horse and feed the farm animals . The puzzles were fun , and the graphics were great , and having that phantom horse running around was great . The ending was good , too.The Curse of Blackmoor Manor is one of my top faves . The puzzles were nice and hard . When you completed a puzzle , you got something for it . Great graphics and storyline . The puzzles were great , even though some of Janes puzzles do get a little trying . I was kind of disappointed on who the culprit actually turns out to be , though , but it 's still a really great game.The Secret of the Old Clock was OK . Since it is supposed to be in 1930 , there is no cellphone . The graphics definitely went down . There are no `` I feel as though someone is watching me '' moments , except for when Nancy scares herself in that secret passageway . The mini-golf was easy , and kind of pointless . Basically , I would n't recommend this one.Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon was good . They introduced a cameraphone in this one . I did n't like the graphics very much , but the puzzles were good . The ending was fun.So , basically , from STD to CBM , the graphics were great . But after that , they changed the way they made them up , and the graphics really went down .
 The game Secret of the Scarlet Hand is a fabulous game ! The museum setting is amazing . You learn about Myan history and art . It is such a fun setting . The characters are perfect for the game . You feel like you are in the museum . All of the Nancy Drew games are creative , fun and educational games . I ca n't help but play when my kids are n't watching . The problem is you do n't want to stop until the mystery is solved . This is one of the greatest games yet , it even moves ahead of my favorite , Treasure in the Royal Tower . I ca n't wait to see where you will go in future games .
 I wanted this game before , but my dad said it looked boring , because there were only 12 rooms to explore . I found out there were more than that , when I unexpectedly go it for '04 Christmas . I did n't really know if I would like it , but now I found that it is one of my favorite games . Nancy goes to a museum for a short job and runs into robberies and more . It is a great game and I am planning to discuss the buying of another one tonight . The game has great graphics and you will be obsessed quickly . I have learned to listen carefully to what the people have to say , and click on things whenever you can . You may get stumped but keep playing , the game is great ! -- Moka
 I love this game ! It is so cool ! The setting is so cool ! There is a subway so that you can get from one place to another easily . And , BOY , does that come in handy ! You end up visiting TONS of places , such a The Mexican Consulate , the hospital , your hotel , an office building , and many other places . You also learn all about Mayan culture .
 I love this game . You can learn alot of history from ancient times which i just learned in school a week before i got it . It is a very beautiful museum and you get to travel on a subway -LRB- which kinda takes a bit of time but is not that bad -RRB- . You gte to travel alot of places and i think it is qiet a bit challenging .
 After playing all of the Nancy Drew games , so far this is the best . This suspensful game kept me on the edge of my seat and led me guessing away . Herr Interactive scores again with a superb game for young girls .
 I have just started this game but so far i LOVE it ! But it is a bit too complicated goin back and forth from one thing tro another ...
 i would recommend this game to everyone . good long game it will keep u on ur toes . Lots of remembering ang and jotting things down . but over-all good game
 Item was exactly as described and arrived in sealed manufacturer 's packaging . It was shipped promptly , with no issues whatsoever . Excellent value for this product .
 This is one of their learning heavy games , and I really appreciate that . It still manages to be extremely adventurous even though you 're in the downtown of a big city rather than out in a castle , or a haunted mansion . The knowledge gained in this game is interesting , which is what makes the learning worth while . Just make sure you actually have a notebook sitting out to take notes.My favorite part of this game is it 's ending . It 's hinted at a little bit , but when I first played through this game I never would have guessed at what would happen . As a kid , this ending scared me worse than the Ghost Dogs -LRB- of Moon Lake -RRB- ever could -LRB- I should mention that I got into these games just before this and Ghost Dogs was released , and Message in a Haunted Mansion did n't scare me because I - correctly - guessed at what was going on rather early , since I 'd seen it so often before on Scooby Doo -RRB- . I mark it as my fourth favorite -LRB- 1 . Treasure , 2 . Blackmoor , 3 . Shadow at Water 's Edge , 4 . this one , 5 . Danger on Deception Island -RRB- and I understand why some people might get frustrated and want to put it down . But , unlike many of the games between 11 and 23 , at least it does n't leave people saying ` that 's it ? ' at the end of it .
 I loved this game !!!! I am a HUGE Nancy Drew fan and this is definitely my favorite game in her series so far ! -LRB- I have only played 6 , but still it was amazing ! -RRB- . I loved the characters and I did not expect who was the villain was ! I also learned soooo much about the Mayans and I am now fascinated with them ! I also loved the characters :-RRB- The only critique I have is who pushed Henrik down the stairs -LRB- I hope I 'm not giving anything away because it was in the summary -RRB- , but besides that it was awesome . Another thing is I absolutely loved making all the phone calls ! I know a lot of people who did n't like that part , but it really made me feel like I was in the game and trying to solve the mystery . It was also fun doing all the tasks you would do if you really worked at the museum . I learned so much in this game , as I said before I learned a lot about the Mayans , and I also learned vaguely how to work a HAM radio and a little about the morse code and the Maya numbering system . So even if you never played a Nancy Drew game before , I PROMISE you that you will love this one ! It was so much fun and I definitely plan on playing it again!I learned Secrets Can KillI survived Danger by DesignI was in the Trail of the TwisterI learned the Secrets of the Scarlet HandI saw the Final SceneI found the Treasure in the Royal Tower < 3
 A great game that is shockingly educational without managing to throw that fact in your face . I would n't say this is for kids only , because adults can enjoy playing as Nancy Drew too . -LRB- You never see her , so who knows if she 's slowly creeping towards 80 , instead of being 18 . -RRB- Adults may endorse this as being great educational experience for the little ones , but they 're very likely to try to hog the gameplay , and pretend they 're not in love with the game too . While investigating the museum , you 'll solve a variety of puzzles . A side affect to snooping is death , but you always get a sencond chance to spring back to life and try again . And trust me , there are some interesting ways to die here ! Educational , entertaining , and full of snooping , could you really ask for more in an adventure mystery game ?
 This is one of my favorites in the series the game has fun puzzles , educational but in a fun way , good game length , its very kid and adult friendly no cussing or harsh scenes , and theres not a lot of moments where you cant figure out where to go or what to do.If your a new nd fan I would recommened scope out amazon you can find all the games used for cheap but in good condition!I would recommened this , Nancy Drew Secret At Shadow Ranch , Curse Of Blackmoor Manor , or Ghost Dogs Of Moon Lake which got me into the games.If your daughter is intrested in the games and your worried about content and what shes getting exposed to do n't worry nd games are very educational and have very mild content more reviews can be found on the nd site her interactive .
 There were three pirates who loved treasure and would doanything to get it . `` I hungry `` said a pirate in a grouchy way . '' well then your just going to have to wait '' captain saidthe other pirate who 's name was Billy was very brave the other pirate wh 's name was Jumbo because he 's fat and he 's scared of every thing Jumbo went off to find some food so he got off the ship , just when Billy was getting ready to start the ship . captainwas looking for Billy . `` BILLY ''
 This was my favorite Nancy Drew . I loved the level of difficulty - pretty difficult but not frustrating . The Mayan setting was really cool , the music and ambiance really drew you into the game and the plot was interesting and complex . The puzzles made a lot of sense . I loved this game !
 I have played 5 Nancy Drew games . This was my 2nd . It was definetely the hardest . You investigate a theft in a Washington museum , as Nancy Drew ! Everything was very challenging . You never had a moment of rest - there was always one thing or another that you could do . The tasks , the HAM radio , the 6 keys ... Ok , I wo n't spoil anymore . All I can say , this one was n't on my favorite list , but it was as great as the other Nancy Drews ! Keep them coming!P.S . Who says you have to follow the rules ? In this museum , you are certainly going to have break some ! ~ Nancy Drew Fanatic
 this was an excellant game . i still havent beatten it though . herinteractive.com helps but for my question nobody knew an answer . even though they have a notebook inside the game it always helps to jot down your own notes just in case . happy game playing
 This was a pretty good game although the mayan info was very wordy and way more detail oriented for `` age 10 '' which they set as the age limits for this game . It involved alot of note taking and a bit too much detail work . I 'd say more like 14 and up . I applaud Her Interactive though for bringing out this whole series . Mostly , they are great fun and continue to get better and better .
 This was quite challenging but I think it was the most fun andbest out of six ! The music was excellent and the graphics wereterrific . Oh , by the way , be prepared to be addicted ... you wo n'tbe able to stop playing .
 I have all of the Nancy Drew games , but I thought this one was the best game yet ! I also thought it was the easiest . I got this game for my 11th birthday , and finished it in about 9 hours . The graphics were great , and the hints were much more helpful than in the other games . I am looking forward to the next game in the series !
 Nancy Drew the secret of the scarlet hand is the 6th game . Int his mystery nancy will be going to a mayan museum to solve a case of stolen artifacts of the mayan culture . after each robbery a mysterious scarlet handprint was left behind . in this case nancy can ride in a subway , go to a hotel , a mueseum , and a mexican counsulate . i think it is sooo totally cool !!!!! i have all of the nancy drew games .
 ... just so you know this game completely rocks !!!! but besides that i left all the girls out there to know that it 's not just a mystery for girls because i play for hours on it almost every day now i ca n't because secrets can kill froze and the rest of the nancy drew games do n't work even though they used to ...
 This is one of my favorites in the series , but when playing this game I often found that they tried force too much history on you . Other than that it 's a great game , and I have the following comments on it : Story-You have a summer internship working at a Mayan museum in Washington D.C. For those of you who do n't know , the Mayan civilization was an Indian civilization that vanished without a trace . Anyway , you are doing basic chores when a certain artifact is stolen , and a scarlet hand print is left at the scene of the crime . Hence the title . Eventually , you solve this mystery only to have another one thrown at you in the middle of the game , so you are actually getting 2 stories in 1.Graphics-These are pretty good graphics , with the backgrounds looking pretty real . The characters still look definitely fake , but this has pretty good graphics still.Sound-The music is okay with kind of a Mayan twist on it , but the voice acting really is n't that great . And the lips are REALLY off . I ignore it , and it does n't bother me , but others it might bother a little bit.Gameplay-The gameplay is exactly the same as the others in the series . It is first person point-and-click . You ride a metro system to get places , and the alarm clock is back , allowing you to go to sleep and wake up anytime you want . The puzzles in this game are a little more difficult and numerous than in other games , and some of them are quite boring , but most are fun , and I can forgive the ones that are n't . Fun-This game is pretty fun , but unlike the other games where there is just a tad bit of learning mixed in among the mystery , in this game , prepare to learn a LOT about Mayan history . I hated it , because I hate history , but my friend loved it because he likes history . I think the producers were just trying to appeal to history lovers as well as mystery lovers in this game , and I understand that . No bad enough to give 3 stars , but not good enough for 5.Length-Oh . My . Goodness . This is a rather long game . It took me several months to finish , and whenever I replay it -LRB- which is a lot -RRB- it will take me about 12-15 hours because I still have trouble with some of the puzzles!The puzzles are hard , but the answers are in the game , you just have to look for them . The history is boring , but the story is great ! A great addition for history buffs , but if you do n't like history , this game is still worth playing through at least once !
 What a wonderful format for gaming ! These ND games just keep getting better and better . I find myself craving another one when I complete a game.This one is particularly good because it is a challenge - more than the previous games . You have to use your head or you will never be able to finish it . The theme is also very well done - love the mini-history lesson in this game !!
 My 13 year old daughter received this game for Christmas , and she really enjoyed playing it . In fact , there is a new one out and we are about to order it . I played along with my daughter , and I had fun too ! I was really surprised at the amount of learning that went on . This really gets into the Mayan Gods , etc. , and you spend a lot of time learning as you are playing.My 10 year old daughter found this a little difficult . I had to help her often , so I would n't buy this for anyone younger.Great game !
 If you are a Nancy Drew Fan , you will love Secret of the Scarlet Hand . The game has better developed characters than before , better voice acting and a good dose of Mayan history . I particularly enjoyed operating a HAM radio in the game and the character of Hendrik . I am giving it 4 stars because I got a little bogged down with the initial museum chores but that 's a small complaint . Overall , I quite enjoyed the game !
 Out of all of them I liked this one THE BEST
 This game is very fun . Even though sometimes i come to parts that i feel like they make it too educational , its still fun . They do have you memorize alot of facts . But at least it keeps me busy !
 I love the Nancy Drew games!The first one I ever did was Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake . It was a challenge and so real it 's frightening ! I had to look up a few cheats for a few challenging parts but it was so hard to get away from the screen ! The next Nancy Drew game I did -LRB- Treasure of the Royal Tower -RRB- was with a friend I had over . We were glued to the screen for hours ! We solved it , and were very surprised to see who the culprit was ! Now I started Secret in the Scarlet Hand , and I am probably halfway done with it . I suggest you get all three games , because they are addicting , and such a blast ! I will be doing the Curse of Blackmoor Manor next . Oh one more thing , animation 5 stars , fun 5 stars , and customer happiness 5 stars !
 I played all the Nancy Drew games except for the newest one so far . And to tell you the truth , this one was kind of a run-around type of game . Especially in the museum . I must of went around the whole city 20 million times in just a couple of hours of playing this game . And some of the puzzles did n't make sense sometimes . I would have to go to herinteractive.com just to get some help . It 's a great game just like to rest of them , but the others were better .
 I think I threw in a bit of confusion and all was handled professionally and kindly . Thank you again .
 The program works great just like always . I like the ability to create an image on the same hard drive you are imaging . But it would not do an image of a Windows 2000 Server which what I really wanted .
 You know , the vast majority of the posts here are all by the same 1-2 people . Do they have other motives ? perhaps.The reality is that all Symantec software is backed by a 30-day complete satisfaction policy . If you do n't like it and it does n't work you can return it.This vesion of Ghost is by far the best . It creates HOT images , meaning you do n't have to boot into DOS , image and then boot back . It keeps track of all changes made to the system while backing up . This technology has been around for 3 years - and came from the Powerquest acquisition.Some people I know had a couple of issues with the initial release - but Symantec has built in LiveUpdate which will automatically update the software and fix these problems.Finally , any other issues -LRB- and ansers -RRB- you have can easily be found in the on-line knowledgebase.Bottom Line ... this is a GREAT imaging product . There is nothing like it on the market .
 Ghost is one of the most consistent , tightest applications available for quickly creating drive images . Its interface is helpful and straightforward , and as long as you have the space or the media it can make the image for you.I have found that restoring from a ghost image is both reliable and easy . I do n't know why people who are concerned about losing data and getting viruses do n't use this product more often !!!
 I gigabyte of DDR RAM , I purchased the ram from Crucial/MicronMy Power Supply ? Enermax , 651 watts peak outputGhost works well for me !! Some people experienced hard disk crashes ? no problem , Steve Gibson sells SpinRite , this program is written in 100 % assembly language , his website is -LRB- ... -RRB- Do n't try to run Ghost 9.0 on a system with inadequate RAM.Windows 2000 Pro will run with 64 megs of ram installed , it will run extreamly slow !!! talk about a joke !! Do n't spend money on some kind of ram otimiser , buy the real hardwareif you run msconfig , this utility will disable the junk that runs in the background , also known as system resource hogs !!!
 I am skeptical of all the negative reviews about this product . I am a corporate IT Manager for a company with 150 seats and 7 servers . I use Ghost and its family of products to build new systems , insure against workstation failure , and to provide a rapid-recovery for our sales , exchange , and file servers . With Ghost , i can have a server returned to an operational state no more that 30 minutes after virtually any system failure . Try doing that with a tape backup.While I never used Ghost 2003 , the 9.0 UI is incredibly intuitive , lacking superfluous features while providing excellent functionality . The only problem i have ever encountered with it was installing 9.0 on a system that had 2003 installed . A simple reinstall remedied easily and quickly . It sounds like some of the users are trying to use the software on already un-healthy systems . The software WILL NOT fix an ailing system ; rather it provides an incredibly easy way to return a system to a earlier healthy state.I have never seen any timing out of backup jobs , even wile tranferring over consumer-grade wireless networks.I will never deploy a system without Ghost 9.0 installed again . It has made my job so much easier and lessened data-integrity anxiety . Highly recommended .
 I have been using Drive Image 2002 for some time , but since I built my latest computer with RAID 0 partitions , Drive Image was unreliable as although it could see the RAID partitions in DOS mode -LRB- even though it does not give the opportunity of installing the SIL RAID drivers -LRB- using F6 as when setting up Windows additional drivers -RRB- , recovering them was very unreliable.Norton Ghost 9.0 has it all . I do n't know why some have complained about the speed , I find it much ... much faster than Drive Image -LRB- in Windows or DOS mode -RRB- . As for difficulty in using , how can such a powerful utility be so simple . Anybody who understands the principles of Imaging will have no problem using this.The recovery boot CD -LRB- which the product is also installed from -RRB- is brilliant . They have provided everything you need to get a system back up and running . As for the `` Hot '' imaging within Windows , I do n't know how they did it , but it works and the incremental imaging facilty means that this is the only backup product you need.Excellent !
 The incremental option with 9 is nice , but doing a backup in Windows XP is around 80 % slower than in DOS , since so much energy is wasted keeping Windows running.Additionally , using a DOS floppy is rock stable.My solution : Use a DOS Ghost 7 or 8 -LRB- 2001 , 2003 -RRB- for larger backups , and Ghost 9 for smaller stuff that can run in the background.Ghost 9 is able to read the files made older versions , but NB
 -LSB- ... -RSB- If you want a tool that allows you to image your hard drive and/or to make backups of critical data , Norton Ghost 9.0 is the product for you.I 've been using it for three weeks , during that time making a full disk image and daily incremental backups to that image without a hitch .
 After all of the negative reviews of this software , I was wary of a puchase . However , my other choices were Drive Image 7 and Acronis True Image . Since Drive Image and Ghost were the main contenders , and the two have now been squashed into one , I did n't really feel like I had much choice -LRB- Acronis True Image has as many negative reviews as the others -RRB- . Symantec products have all worked well for me in the past though , so I thought I 'd give it a shot.After a clean install of XP Pro and all other programs installed , I loaded Ghost and made an image of my system drive to another local drive . The partition that was imaged was 15GB , with just over 6GB of data . With standard compression , it took about 7 minutes -LRB- including verifying the image -RRB- to produce the completed 3.5 GB image file.I of course wanted to test the image , so I formatted an old 20GB drive , attached it as the primary , and booted to the recovery CD . Following the fairly intuitive menus , I located the saved image on the secondary drive and initiated the restoration . Restoring the data -LRB- including master boot record -RRB- took almost exactly the same amount of time as making the image , a little more than 7 minutes.Upon restart , the computer booted properly to WinXP Pro . In fact , I am currently writing this on the restored machine half an hour after the fact . The desktop and everything else appear identical to the originally imaged drive . There was even still stuff in the recycle bin.Things were n't exaaaaactly the same , however . My Norton Antivirus needed to be re-activated -LRB- clever , Symantec -RRB- , and Internet Explorer said it was n't my default browser , but other than that , it 's the same . Most importantly , Microsoft is NOT demanding that I re-activate everything.I have rated the product with 4 stars simply because I have not experimented with all of the features like backing up to external or networked hard disks or to CD 's -LRB- I probably wo n't try the CD 's ever because of the horror stories I 've heard -RRB- , or incremental backups , so I ca n't evaluate how well those features work . However , these are 4 very pleased stars.Bottom Line
 First , a word a caution . Symantec includes a copy of Ghost 2003 in the box . This is a their old DOS based backup software for PC 's running Windows 98 or ME . Do not install the 2003 software on your XP PC . The Ghost 9.0 version should be installed if you are running Windows XP even though the disk states that it is a boot disk.Otherwise , this is the former Powerquest Drive Image software that Symantec has purchased and renamed . I have successfully used Drive Image for a couple of years for backup and recovery.Ghost 9.0 is almost identical to Drive Image in its functionality . I have successfully backed up my system to both an external USB 2.0 hard drive and an internal DVD writer .
 I work with many types of computer users . Each of them has a number of files that are either irreplaceable or would take much time to re-create . So , what happens when their PC does n't start , or the hard drive stops spinning ? If they have a back up , no problem . However , the majority either do n't have a backup , or think they have one and never checked to see if it is recoverable.Ghost is an almost perfect answer . It works in the background and images your entire drive -LRB- s -RRB- . An image is better than a backup . It includes files that are in use . Norton took PowerQuest 's Drive Image and added a really nice feature
 Norton Ghost 9.0 has saved my neck -LRB- my data -RRB- on several occasions.Thanks to a glitchy motherboard I experienced frequent crashes resulting in corrupted harddrive data . However , each time I was able to quickly and entirely recover my system from drive images previously created with Norton Ghost.Also useful is the ability to mount the drive images .
 I am a software tech . Win XP SP2-I give up with Ghost!For a `` Full Image '' , system backup ; I HIGHLY recommend-Acronis True Image 9.0 ! Read my Acronis True Image 9.0 review on PROPER pgm install ... !
 After experimenting with Ghost version 9.0 , I can report that Symantec has produced a slick piece of software now that PowerQuest 's DriveImage capabilities have been fully integrated into the feature set . Note that Version 9.0 works only on XP and 2000 systems.For my home machine , I 'm using a spare IDE drive to store the backup images . I have set up a regular schedule which will automatically do a full baseline backup once per month , with weekly incremental saves . The backup is performed at the rate of about 1 GB per minute on an Intel 3.20 GHz machine , with compression set to the standard parameter of 40 % . I set a limit of 3 baseline images so that the backup drive will never run out of room.Backup jobs are run within Windows so there is no need to boot to DOS . Backups can also be transmitted to a network server or written directly to CD or DVD devices.Ghost includes a nifty utility which can open a backup image so that you can pull out a specific file for restoration . Following a catastrophic failure , you can boot from the Ghost software CD into recovery mode and very easily restore an entire drive including the MBR , making the disk ready to boot.Ghost will also copy a drive while running under Windows . I successfully copied my C-drive , but XP would not boot the copy without permission from Microsoft.Backups using removable media -LRB- i.e. CD or DVD -RRB- must be started manually . Backups to a hard drive or a network server can be scheduled for automatic operation . Just leave the PC on at night and it 's all taken care of . Ghost will even send notification via email that the backup was completed .
 I 'm grateful that I did n't read the reviews for Ghost 9.0 here at Amazon before deciding to purchase . Had I read the reviews first , the purchase would have probably never been made.I bought Ghost 9.0 because of previous experience with Ghost 2002 and because of an enthusiastic recommendation from a PC Magazine . Simply put , I 'm very happy . Ghost 2002 was my main backup tool in the past , but the DOS environment that it utilized was a bit cumbersome . Ghost 9.0 achieves equally impressive results without requiring you to boot from a floppy -- it works totally within a Windows environment.When trying out Ghost 9.0 , the first thing I did was back up my C
 2 things they do n't tell you , but you must do in order to use ghost :1 . You MUST run CHKDSK / F before trying to made an image - one bad file and the program gives you a message that you have a cyclic redunancy check error . -LRB- after 30 minutes of running -RRB- .2 . Running live update , YOU MUST NOT REBOOT when asked to do so !!!! From the words of Norton tech support : After performing LiveUpdate you will receive a prompt that will ask you to restart the computer . If you respond `` YES '' to rebooting the computer it shuts down before the installation is complete . I recommend that you please respond `` NO '' and allow Live Update to complete . Then restart the computer after the patch is completely installed . --
 Takes a little effort to get all the permissions set up but it has definitely stopped several excursions by unwanted others into my laptop . Does a good job as a Cookie Killer too
 I have installed Zone Alarm on two computers , both new and my experience has been excellent . One of the other `` famous security suites '' was so intrusive , I could n't go online , could n't receive e-mail , had total child protection turned on and I could n't turn it off , despite being a solo adult . So , the download is easy , the options are clear and after a few questions the software learns your preferences . When unwanted spyware or similar enters your computer you are told and if its something you know , you are always given the option of keeping it , or not , the choice is yours . I 'm buying this copy for a friend who is fairly new to computers to keep her safe and happy with her experience . As for me , I will never use anything else .
 I really enjoy using this software firewall . Once you set it up , it is very easy to use , and very effective , too . I highly recommend using this product , especially if you use DSL like I do . Do n't go on the internet without using this product , and with the privacy filter , you are protected .
 Each day my students have `` center time '' which is structured independent study time through different activities . One of the choices is use of the computers . Spelling 1st and 2nd Grade is by far the best program that I have used . The children love playing it and it concentrates more on the subject of spelling and phonics than on the games . Too many educational software titles I have used are more game oriented than educational . I am always happy when the kids have a game that uses the skills that they are learning , but too many titles have some type of joystick game with very few subject questions to even win or proceed to the next level .
 My 7 years old likes this educational software.He can learns a lot of 1st and 2nd grade spelling .
 For years I have used photos and some catchy comments to personalize my greeting cards . I use them for everything from congratulations to birthday wishes.The Hallmark product is a great package that contains both high quality blank , inkjet-ready card stock and envelopes.Though I have n't use Hallmarks software to layout the cards , it probaby works nicely . Both PrintShop and Microsoft Publisher do an excellent job . I simply save my old layouts and change them for my new cards . Then do a `` Save As '' to archive the card in my files.It 's cost effective and far more personal to design and print your own cards for family and friends . The Hallmark product makes the process easy .
 I love being able to send out personalized cards with the persons name in the same type as the card 's message . The cards all print out beautifully and the instructions are clear enough for a senior citizen to follow . The card paper is professional , and I am a satisfied customer .
 Good product for the money I use this on a average to 3 times a month .
 These greeting cards are just as good as the more expensive ones -LRB- half the price of the HP ones I was buying -RRB- . Highly recommended to all !
 Love these sets . I live out in the middle of know where and when I need a card it is n't handy to run to a store to buy a card . Now I make my own . Which makes me think , I need to order more .
 I usually try to find Canon paper but this time i went with these . I found equal to the Canon and a bit cheaper . The cards were very clear and wtih no smearing or smugging
 Got ta love a Hallmark ... this paper quality is awesomeand hve so enjoyed using this . I got a CD tgo downloadwith great cards to send to all I love . Best investmentI have made in ages since cards are so expensive inthe stores anymore !
 I make my own cards and this paper is a good price . It feels like real card stock , the kind that expensive greeting cards are made out of .
 This cardstock is great and much cheaper than buying cards . No problems at all with my HP printer . The software included does not work with Vista though .
 I love this card paper and have reordered often . It is silky smooth and the colors and graphics print vividly and crisply . However when I came back to reorder today I find the price has increased from 10.99 just a couple of weeks ago to 14.99 today . WOW-that 's almost 40 % ! I 'm going to have to shop around for an alternative . I think a 40 % increase is a little greedy .
 I create my own greeting cards and only trust Hallmark for a professional card stock . I have been ordering Hallmark 's Blank Greeting Cards for a number of years now from Hallmark and Amazon and will continue to do so .
 Just received a note and picture with my Grandnieces and their pop-up books -LRB- Robt . Sabuda -RRB- . They love them , and so do their parents , who spent time reading , and marveling at the pop-up pages , when their two girls went to bed .
 WHEN I FIRST BOUGHT MY HALLMARK CARDMAKER DELUXE 2006 SOFTWARE I BOUGHT THIS TYPE OF STOCK PAPER . THEN IT RAN OUT ON THEIR WEBSITE ! I WAS REALLY DISAPPOINTED . WHEN I FOUND IT AT AMAZON.COM I WAS THRILLED AND AM STILL USING IT ! PERFECT SIZE FOR THAT PERFECT CARD ! I USE THIS SIZE THE MOST OF ALL FOR MY CARDS WHICH I MAKE ! TRY IT !!!
 Have used many brands of greeting card stock/envelopes and like this brand better than most . Good heavy stock , produces text and color graphics very well . Does a good job !
 I have been buying these blank cards for the past couple of years and find them very satisfactory . They pick up the colors great and make a very professional looking product when finished . I have tried other brands , but find these the best quality .
 I found this product -LRB- Hallmark Blank greeting cards -RRB- to be exactly what I thought it should be . I am most satisfied and do not hesitate to tell anyone about it . I have used 12 boxes of the cards making them for my friend where I live in a retirement center and also my Church friends as well as family over the last 5 months . WELL SATISFIED . JB
 This card stock has always been of excellent quality . I have been using it for some time in conjunction with a greeting card program on my home computer . It always prints clearly , unlike some I have used in the past . As a retiree on a fixed income , I can send cards to friends and family for far less than the cost of `` store-bought '' cards .
 I 've never gotten the results with any other card stock until I bought the Hallmark brand . The colors just about pop off the paper and are so bright and crisp , especially if you insert photos in the card . I just wish it was n't so expensive , but worth it for special cards . I 'll probably use a cheaper product when doing my Christmas cards , but keep the Hallmark for birthdays , anniversaries , etc. . Sylvia
 The cards print fold well and show good color for a matte finish . But for some reason they have a very hard time feeding in my Epson printer . I have to help them one sheet at a time .
 I use the Hallmark Blank Greeting Cards in Half-fold Matte Premium with my Canon PIXMA MX860 printer and get beautiful cards , clear clean colors . I usually also print the envelopes with a copy of the card cover art sized to fit the left hand corner of the envelope to maintain the theme of the card -LRB- just copy and paste from card to envelope then size for corner . Works great .
 This was the first time I tried Hallmark paper for my homemade greeting cards . The cards and envelopes were fine , but the Hallmark software for creating cards would n't install on my computer running XP or my computer running Vista . I was hoping to get some new images for making family greeting cards . So , do n't rely on using the free software .
 I received exactly what I ordered I love the Hallmark paper and have used it forever . The card paper appears to have a special coating on it that makes pictures on my cards really stand out . I was happy because I got what I ordered in the timeline that I was told and was kept informed as the shipment progressed .
 I always use Hallmark paper for making greeting cards . Package arrived on time and was as described . Will order again from same vendor .
 Beautiful white cards.I was afraid that it would not be thick enough when I opened the package but it is.We used 3 small pictures , text , and a colourful background.The colours are nice and bright . My fiance even thought it was glossy ! It is matte , though , which avoids finger prints and other annoying things.Great value . I just bought a new one.My only complain is about the envelopes : - very thin -LRB- you can see the cards through their enveloppes -RRB- - wavy surface . This does not look nice.I might use other envelopes .
 Amazon . com , only has the very best products . I have a terrible time not ordering when they post an item . And hallmark is a great product , I do n't use anything else , when it comes to greeting card or supplies . Fred
 to the software that came with a new printer . Nice stock . Cards look great ! A real value . And the price of the stock is reasonable considering the savings of store bought cards .
 I made my Christmas cards and several birthday cards with Hallmark 2012 . I really enjoyed it ! I tried using an off brand of paper for the cards but they did not turn out near as nice !!! This Hallmark paper is excellent . Thank you !
 The cards arrived instantly , and were just what I expected . I would definitely buy from this company again . Thanks so much .
 Forgot to check and was surprized it was not matte finish but tried it and for some greeting cards , it is just as nice as Avery
 I have used Hallmark 's blank half-fold paper for years now and highly recommend it . It always gives me consistently good color and quality in personalizing my own greeting cards for family and friends .
 Very good quality card stock & envelopes , good price , just what I would expect from Hallmark - to go with my Hallmark Greeting Card software .
 I like to make my own personalized greeting cards and this fits the bill perfectly .
 Makes beautiful photo greeting cards.I use them to make christmas cards using family photos . They print perfectly on my HP printer .
 I purchased Hallmark greeting cards in spite of some reviews that said it was hard to install . I 'm so glad I did . There were no problems with installation and the program is so easy to use . I love the features you can include with emailed cards - music especially . If you love to send unique cards , this is a good program to use . It has a good selection of special occasion cards too . Whether you print cards or email them , this program is easy and fun .
 We usually order `` HP '' Greeting Cards for our HP Printer ... but we went with several packs of these Hallmark Greeting Cards this year ... the paper is nice and heavy , well textured ... folds are easy to do . Fed flawlessly through our printer even in large batches . Paper was a nice bright white and the print quality was at least as good as the more expensive HP cards . We were very pleased , will be ordering Hallmark cards for next year 's greeting cards again , for sure !
 The Genuine Hallmark card stock is far superior to any I have used . It may cost a little more but you actually get what you pay extra for.Ronnie948
 Photos and text print very well in my printer . Print photo a little past edges , so that the finished product will look professional . Works better than Hallmark 's glossy greeting cards which sometimes smear .
 I ordered three packages of Hallmark greeting card blanks and found them to be excellent for my purposes . They arrived in excellent condition in a timely fashion .
 Loved the paper . Before I got Hp but they dont make it anymore . Have to do 1 sheet at a time
 I had been searching for a replacement for the Hewlett-Packard card stock , which is no longer available , and decided to try the Hallmark brand , expecting to be disappointed because I did n't think I 'd find any product I liked as well as the Hewlett-Packard Linen card stock . I was very pleased to find that I was able to make beautiful cards with the Hallmark card stock . I 'm very pleased with the quality and have actually reordered since my original order .
 This premium quality 85 # matte blank greeting card product produced stunningly beautiful , brilliant and crisp text and graphic images using my injet printer . I have tried similar products , but Hallmark clearly stands out among its competitors.The product is economically priced and you receive a bonus trial edition Hallmark Card Studio software CD , which makes this deal hard to beat .
 These are the only foldable greeting card sheets I 've seen on Amazon that are scored . If you care enough to send not necessarily the very best but something that looks reasonably professional , these may be the only choice . -LRB- Look carefully in the description for some reference to the paper being scored . -RRB- Also , after comparing the results achieved with these and those printed on textured Avery 's -LRB- at more than half the price -RRB- , I 'm all the more impressed by Hallmark paper . -LRB- 5 stars if you can get a box for under $ 15 and avoid postage . -RRB-
 This paper works exceptionally well with Hallmark Greeting Card software and quite well with American Greetings Greeting Card software as well . I particularly like the weight and brightness of the stock . It works well with my HP printer and does n't jam like other papers I have used .
 I took a bunch of pictures of my Mom 's pansies , then made a card with a collage of the images . I gave it to her for Mother 's Day . She LOVED it ! She recognized the flowers as hers , and now has a permanent image of them.Just follow the instructions , and the paper stock will go through your inkjet just fine . I used the matt finish paper , because I did n't know if the glossy would smear.They are comletely blank on both sides -LRB- unlike `` photo paper '' that always has the mfg name on the back , making it useless for 1/2-fold cards -RRB- .
 When it comes to printing images with inkjet printers , paper quality is so important . The best printers will print a lower quality image on lower quality paper . I only use the best when image quality counts.I 've had lots of success printing cards on this cardstock . The paper is heavyweight with a smooth , creamy texture . Injet ink prints brilliantly and absorbs nicely . No problems or any fear of smudging.The crease makes it easy to fold , but I do find it a tiny bit off sometimes so that the card folds crookedly , but it 's not enough to be noticeable to most people . That 's the only thing holding me back from a 5 star rating . I 'm still looking for a card that folds perfectly . Have n't found it yet .
 I was printing my Christmas cards and decided to add a picture of the family to it . I first printed five or so cards using some other brandAvery/American Greetings Half Fold Blank Cards , and everything looked OK . Then , I used the Hallmark Premium Blank Greeting Card paper . The colors were so much deeper and bright.I 've uploaded scans of a picture using both papers . While the card stock is a little fuzzy on both , you must remember you are not printing on photographic paper , you can see that the Hallmark paper looks richer.When I checked the prices , they were almost the same , with the Hallmark cards costing less than a nickle more per card . For that amount , it 's no contest . People are going to look at my cards and wonder how they look so rich and alive . It will be our secret . One suggestion , though
 This is a great program for my classroom . My low students can use it successfully and my higher students are challenged . It is very easy to navigate . The graphics are entertaining for the students . There is math everywhere . The creators did a super job of using math and fun in a good combination . I do n't like games that are 25 % math and 75 % game . This is 100 % math with a great combination of entertainment . My 4 year old could do some of the easiest level and he enjoyed it .
 We are not a family that plays video games very often . My son liked answering the problems right without constantly having to focus on how to play the games . Shooting games are right down his alley , so it was a perfect fit for us . He could choose what he wanted for ammo , from green slime to pizza to ice cream cones!If your children play video games often , the graphics and sounds would probably be to simplistic for them . If no Wii or PS overload , then this will be fun.Different levels that I can set . The game I saw him play was not timed , so no pressure to hurry and finish .
 this was the first software program that my 2-3yo liked enough to play for any length of time and also could play by himself instead of having to have me sit next to him the whole time . He loved it . It only teaches letters and the words that begin with each said letter . Not much . but that it does pretty well . I will note that some of the words did not have the traditional beginning phonics sound , which could be confusing for kids that are learning the straight 26 phonics sounds only at the time . And it does n't do much explaining . But I think that it still teaches through just doing it . And the rewards of finding the correct items that begin with the chosen letter is a fun animated thing that keeps kids wanting more . the animated reward is much better than reader rabbit 's . My `` almost 3yo '' would say the letter sounds while trying to find the appropriate items on the page , like he was actually thinking it through . Granted , I had begun teaching him letter sounds with LeapFrogs letter factory and on my own , but this helped sink it in . once again , not much more to the software , but so worth it !
 I bought this in a four pack at Marshall 's for -LSB- ... -RSB- . Alphabet Express is my 31/2 year old 's favorite game . It makes learning fun . Buy it but look for a deal ! : -RRB-
 I do n't have much experience with other kids ' educational games , but this one has certainly captured the attention of our 4 year old twins . It 's colorful , fun , and educational . The price seemed right .
 My grandson really enjoys this program so I 'm happy . The graphics and audio are outstanding and the programs are easy to navigate through . The only thing I do n't like is after each little exercise you have to go back to the main menu to start another one even when you stay in the same program/category . Anyway , it has captured my grandson 's attention and I have seen vast improvement in his letter recognition and he is starting to spell words now . I think his favorite program is finding the hidden letters in the picture ... he 's gotten pretty good .
 My daughter is 31/2 years old and she loves playing with this . She has really mastered the mouse and moving around from screen to screen . I can definitely see an increase in her letter recognition and her curiosity to know what letter do things start with . She asks to do her alaphabet all the time .
 Aside from my son being scared of clowns , this is a great creation !
 My son who is just over two got this for Christmas and he loves it . There are so many different activities in it that he can be occupied for 20-30 minutes - amazing for a 2-year-old boy . His favorite thing is to `` paint '' the different pictures . They are so detailed and well animated and there are lots of colors - not just the typical 4 or 5 in some programs . He 's not quite ready for some of the more advanced activities that ask you to match letters with pictures of objects that start with that letter . But this just means he 'll have plenty to grow into . It 's a really good choice .
 My four year old daughter is attending a pre-school where they learn a new letter every week . I bought this for her to reinforce what they are doing at school.I taught Kindergarten for a short while and I can tell you without a doubt that this program is excellent for very beginning alphabet awareness.The program wo n't teach them if they do n't know anything , but with a little help or with a little knowledge of a few letters they can really get going . I love it.There are several games to play from mazes , to matching letters with pictures . These games are a little more advanced , so even Kindergarteners and first graders should have some fun with it.The part my daughter is working on right now is the very basic core of the program . Each letter has a picture loaded with clickables . Each clickable starts with the letter you are focusing on . It will even say the name of the thing you click on so you can hear the sound . My daughter is beginning to associate the things she clicks on with that letter and she is putting nouns that start with the same letter together in categories . She 'll say , `` I want the one with the bear and the boy and baseball . `` After the clickables , there is also several paint pictures they can play with which are great . All the nouns that start with that letter are on the page and they can use the paint brush on the screen to paint everything . Using the mouse is something else my daughter has had some problems with and this is really giving her practice and she is really improving.There is also another game where they match pictures of things to the letter that you are working on . It 's pretty amusing to watch . When you get something right , a fireman dog climbs a ladder and pulls an elephant 's tail to make him put out a fire . The elephant puts the fire out a different way each time.I also love the fact that the little letter is used and referred to as well as the big letter . Even the matching games use both the big and little letters - separately even , so it reinforces the knowledge that they are different letters with the same sound and not just two letters stuck together.We have really enjoyed this game and I can see us getting a lot of use out of it . I walked my daughter throught it once together and then after that she was plaing on her own .
 We got this for my 3 year old 's birthday present and he loves it . It was unbelieveable how fast he mastered the mouse . He is able to play on his own but it is fun to play with him too . He has learned a lot from this game . We also stocked up on cheaper games , but they are worthless - this is definitely worth the $ 20 .
 I bought this for my 3.5 year old and he still has trouble recognizing his letters -LRB- hence , the purchase -RRB- . He enjoys the mazes and with help really likes the game , but he does need quite a bit of help to be able to play . We have not explored all the aspects of it yet -LRB- there is quite a bit to do -RRB- , so I think that it is well worth the money . I have to push him to play this however - it is not his favorite ...
 This software is excellent . My four year old would spend hours working with it if I let her . It is most imaginative and clever .
 My four year old daughter loves to play Alphabet Express and has had no problems playing it on her own.The train idea is really cute !
 Alphabet Express is a wonderful learning tool for preschool children . My grandsons , ages 3.5 and 5 , love it and are capable of using it without any help . They especially love the coloring .
 Unlike one other commenter , we 've enjoyed this game on three separate Macs . One running Panther -LRB- OS X 10.3 -RRB- , one running Tiger -LRB- OS X 10.4 -RRB- , and one running Leopard -LRB- OS X 10.5 -RRB- . Do not shy away from this game because one commenter could n't seem to run it!All three of our kids absolutely love this game ! It certainly helped our two oldest learn to read before kindergarten -LRB- on their own mostly -RRB- . Our youngest is now enthralled with the game , so we 're hopeful he 'll follow in his siblings ' footsteps .
 Great program . Comes with a parents section to keep track of use and progress . Grade sheet if you will . I like any game that keeps the kids learning something instead of smashing and hacking killing games .
 I have been having so much fun with this product that it is hard to leave the computer . You can really make your own songs if you are creative . It is extremely easy to deal with . I just wish it had a few more commands , such as a pause button .
 I already wrote a review on TomTom 6 Navigator , which is a product for PDA 's -LRB- like my Treo 700p -RRB- . I felt compelled to write this review because the two other 1 star reviews were from people that bought it for the wrong product which is n't really fair to do to the manufacturer . This card works terrifically and has proven to be a more accurate map than the ones that came with my 07 Acura and 06 BMW Navigation systems -LRB- I bought it for use in rental cars -RRB- . So , if you have a PDA that loads Navigator 6 and takes an SD card , this is the item for you and it 's awesome ! -LRB- Read my review of the Navigator 6 for more info -RRB- .
 One word
 I used peachtree , then switched to this . It is half the price , less complicated , and has a lot of features not included in other packages.This package permits dozens of expense accounts . The statement of a 4 account limitation by one of the other reviewers is completely bogus.I will admit , the configuration of the invoices is a bit kludgy . Documentation is available , and they answer their support email . Your only going to set this up once . So as long as it gets done , it is n't that big of a deal.If you buy ANY accounting package , include the price of the contact management suite in your comparison . All of of these companies cripple their product in this category and sell an additional product to squeeze the last few cents out of their customers . It is a dumb buisiness tactic , and promotes distrust among customers.THEY WOULD BE SMART TO RAISE THE PRICE AND INCLUDE THE CONTACT MANAGER BY DEFAULT.Being my first set of books , the features I found really helpfull : Email invoicing
 I 've been using Simply Accounting for the past 3 years now . The product is excellent ! Easy to use , it does about 90 % of what I want it to do - not bad for any off-the-shelf package .
 How in the world they managed to fit the entire North Eastern US on this tiny card -LRB- the size of my little finger nail -RRB- is beyond me ! I have used this in the woods of Northern Maine and was quite impressed . It would be nice if the scale was the same as in the Maine Gazeteer , but the screen on handhelds are just too small for that . I love the fact that you can just pop this card in your Garmin GPS and go ! Hat 's off to the man -LRB- or woman -RRB- who figured out how to get all that info on that little card !
 This program is not state of the art and there are a few errors , but if used as a casual guide to the sky this product is not bad . It is easy to use after some practice . The relative location of stars and planets seem to be very accuate . However , there are errors in the geographical terms and measurements used . First , there is a feature where you can adjust your view of the sky which misuses the terms ` longitude and latitude ' -LRB- turned around -RRB- . Second , this program uses due South as the 0 degree starting point for the Azimuth directions -LRB- should be North -RRB- . Also , there does seem to be some mispelled terms and other minor errors . I certainly would not recommend this product for serious astronomy work . But , to its credit , it seems to accurately display the sky as it would look from anywhere on Earth at pretty much any time , day or night , past or future . It identifies the objects in the sky and does have a few nifty features . So , for what that is worth , its a good choice . But for a more serious science , keep searching .
 For anyone who is slightly interested in astronomy this is a great program for you . It shows views of the sky with constellations , planets , star names and galaxies . You can even see what the constellations are suppose to look like -LRB- the program places a picture over the constellation -RRB- . It is great for anyone who likes to star gaze , and is very accurate . The program lets you view stars anywhere in the world , and from all directions . Overall , this program was very helpful , and my dad and I learned a lot just by taking our laptop outside and using the program as a guide .
 I bought this title for myself last Christmas ! I was excited to see it was still available this year , I bought 2 more for my neice and nephew , I love how easy it is , just one click of the mouse and you can see any star anywhere no matter where in the world you are ! If you ever looked up and wondered what you were looking at this is a must have !
 I bought this title for myself last Christmas ! I was excited to see it was still available this year , I bought 2 more for my neice and nephew , I love how easy it is , just one click of the mouse and you can see any star anywhere no matter where in the world you are ! If you ever looked up and wondered what you were looking at this is a must have !
 I 've tried a few different CD label software apps , and various types of paper . SureThing gave me the best experience , though I must say that when using other papers such as CD Stomper Pro and Neato , it never seems to line up perfectly . But if you buy the SureThing brand CD labels , everything lines up perfectly , no issues.Part of marketing myself relies on a creating a professional looking CD to hand out to potential clients , and this never fails me . . I would n't settle for anything less . I highly recommend it !
 At the time this review was written , a product description was not provided above . If this is still the case I would suggest you go to the Version 4.0 of this product listed on Amazon . You will also find customer reviews , lacking here at this time . The latest Version of this Product , is Version 4.3 . Maybe the number was rounded.Some items included with this package worth noting are
 I 'd never used CD disc labels before and now wonder why I waited so long . I 'd thought about getting the latest LiteScribe technology but this works just fine ! I 'd read that the software was difficult to use , but found there was nothing difficult about it . What a difference it makes having a label for all the CD 's I produce , no matter the content - no more Sharpie scribbled discs . It was especially nice using a photo from a recent trip as the background for the label we used on our Photoshop slide show . The SureThing labels are great as well and very easy to order online . ` Truly could n't be happier and I 'm not easily pleased .
 The CD Labeler does a very nice job importing playlists with a nice selection of different labels . It is a fairly easy program to learn , and the more you use it the more you learn about it .
 I Like It Because I Can Change The Design To Anyway I want.And I Would Buy It .
 this item worked real good.the full face did n't work on my portable dvd player.i guess it made the disc unbalanced .
 I have had the Craft factory for several years now . It is easy and fun for all ages . Not for someone that wants or needs to email a card or make a calendar but still fun . Graphics are funny and easy to use . I designed a tri-fold camping brochure for a campground and it turned out great ! Also can save your work and has some already made items to print . Lots of sounds for the kids as it talks to you in giving instructions , etc. . Fun item ! Can rarely find this cd anymore .
 There are several personal organizers out there for QuarkXPress , but this one is definately the one to own . Not only does it log time spent on each job , it can set jobs for an accurate accounting of all time spent on a project . It also bookmarks and returns to window positions and sizes each time the document is reopened . Remembering locations of several type files . This is especially convenient when using applications that you want to format from the last one you were working on to your current job . It also keeps track of the folders you frequently use for the elements of a document such as when you do a `` get picture '' or text . The only problem that I have had with the pictures is it does n't support all formats , such as BMP at least not on my system . but that 's a minor flaw . It does have great quick find and open options also.The great thing is that it supports MAC QuarkXPress 3.1 or 4.x , but the draw back is that it does not support OSX only 7.6 to 9.x . This would only be a problem if you only use the OSX application exclusivly . But for the options you gain with this organizer it is worth it to use your OS9 side.Overall this is the only organizer that has given me complete freedom to do what I neede it to do .
 Ventura 10 continues to be the desktop publishing application of choice for desktop publishing professionals who have a choice . We find it far easier to use than the competition -- and that its features for long document publications are far more advanced than even the newest versions of the competition . One of Ventura 10 's strongest points is its savvy use of style tags for characters , paragraphs , pages , and tables -- giving us incredible control over formatting and great ease in changing formatting . Frankly , Ventura 10 is one of the few applications in which I really enjoy working -- as evidenced by all the books of ours that Amazon.com sells . Ventura is one of the great productivity-enhancing applications of all time !
 It would be nice if reviewers would tell the truth about the products they write reviews on . For example , contrary to what `` Jack of all Trades '' writes , Ventura does indeed have the ability to modify text by means of the regular Windows formatting Icons -- I , B , U , etc. . These override whatever tags govern the particular paragraph so that local formatting may be done in the same way as in MS Word . Even fonts and sizes can be changed at will within a line or paragraph . Simply drag/highlight and apply what ever local changes you like -- without incurring any changes to the underlying paragraph tag . I hope the errors in the other reviews are based on simple ignorance rather than malice.I have been using Ventura Publisher since version 5 on Windows 3.1 , and while it does have some limitations , I find it the best program available for standard book design and typesetting . Other programs , such as Adobe 's InDesign , may be better structured for advertising page layouts , but I find the features of Ventura better adapted to newsletter , pamphlet and book creation.I still actually prefer version 5 in some ways , and I use that version regularly in Windows XP . Partly , perhaps , because I am accustomed to it . The absence of long file name capability is a handicap requiring careful management of the directories , but that aside , most everything else works just fine.I use version 10 for some applications -- page margins , lines and borders are easier to handle -- and some of the layout and formatting features are more transparent . If I did not have version 5 available , I would be happy to use version 10 for all my book work . I only give this four stars because I still like version 5 better for most of my work.I hope Corel will update the program . I have a few suggestions that would make it the premier publishing program for all standard book creation .
 My 7 and 10 year old girls love this . They enjoy the games , and make up dances to the clips of music . It 's nice that it 's something they can enjoy together .
 I am a music teacher , and I have been using this software with my students since it was first introduced many years ago . It works especially well in the classroom if you have an LCD projector . I have used it from Kindergarten right up to 6th grade , as well as 7th/8th grade special ed . I am purchasing a new copy now because I wore out the old one ! Very highly recommended !
 My 5.5 year old is loving this game . Very high on both fun and the educational scales . The activites are generally simple , but engaging , and really due instill some useful basic music skills .
 If you ask my 5-year-old son whether he likes music , he 'll generally say , NO ! -LRB- with the exception of drums -RRB- , but to my delight he loves playing The Nutcracker Game because it 's so entertaining
 My wife and I enjoyed using LandDesigner 3D . It helped us solidify some ideas for our new backyard . The 3D tour was cool , particularly with the time growth and seasonal changes . I was impressed with the variety of plants available . We still hired a professional architect to finalize the design , but we were much better prepared and are extremely please with how the yard has turned out .
 First , I 'd like to say that I think this software is a great value for the price . There are however , some requirements you should be aware of before you buy . These programs require TIME and PATIENCE . If you are doing a complete landscape , expect to invest many hours . I 'm not talking months or anything , but until you get the hang of it , progress will be slow . If you are using the 3D program , you will have to take LOTS of measurements if you want realistic results . BUT , once you get a nice replica of your home and garden , it 's fun to experiment with adding/removing features . More important than the time investment , be aware that due to the details in graphics , these programs may not be compatible with your computer . Please be sure your computer meets the `` recommended '' -LRB- different from ` minimum ' -RRB- system requirements . I will also include some info from the program 's `` README '' page . ... `` Matrox Millenium G400 , ATI Rage chipsets & Voodoo3 3000 are known to have problems with 3d acceleration '' . And ... `` STB Velocity 128 video card does not work properly ... at all '' Please note that some of these problems may have been fixed with recent drivers . Also , the video acceleration feature can be disabled and this is a likely remedy for video problems . At any rate , I wanted to mention this just in case . If you have the requirements , I highly recommend you try this software . Some of my favorite features are the price trackers . These are great if you are on a budget . I am landscaping my backyard and found that some materials which are nearly equal in quality had significant price differences . I 'm sure this will vary upon location , but it still gives a good ballpark figure . Also , you are not limited to outdoors . This program also enables you to redecorate indoors as well . I have completed my backyard and have started my guest bedroom ! I think this is generally easy to use software that will give you lots of good ideas . Just follow the manuals and tutorials and you should n't have any problems . I am sure there will be negative reviews from people who will think the programs are too time consuming or not detailed enough . Please keep in mind , these are not CAD programs . They certainly could be used by professionals for basic landscape outlines . -LRB- the cost minus rebate -RRB- you will get your money 's worth . And another bonus , if you try it and hate it , you can send it to the company and get your money back .
 I LOVE this software ! I was almost completely discouraged from buying it by the negative reviews , but I 'm glad I decided to take a chance . I 'm working on landscaping my yard , and I 'm one of those people who ca n't visualize things
 This easy to use and perfect interface program is excellent for the family , the student , the professional , and the dog -LRB- only if he can read and manage a computer -RRB- . It features presentations , videos , games , learning activities , wonderful graphics , and a perfect interface and function . It is fully compatible with all operating systems .
 The CD has the same features as the hardcover bookIt functioned well in my home computer , less space than the book
 This is essential for any Palm Pilot owner who needs to calculate or graph the solution to a problem . The PDF user manual is convenient . I have used this product since 2000 on my M515 , Lifedrive , and T/X . Do n't leave home with out it .
 I have been a Fly fan since the very beginning and FlyII promised so much that I pre-ordered in July and waited in keen expectation until early October . When I tried the simulator and saw the awful jerking and lack of control - the world fell in!This must be a brilliant simulator - an advance on Fly2k with great scenery and more planes , including ` copters . BUT and it 's a big BUT for some - if you are using an iMac with a processor speed of less than 500 Mhz , you are in for a frustrating time . You have to have an accelerator with at least 16Mb and the built-in in the 400 iMacs is usually only 8MB . I know no way of getting 16Mb other than buying a new Mac . So caveat emptor!It says all this on the box , but I do n't see it in the system requirements from the developers . And although I have e-mailed for help , no one has replied so far . Very , very sad indeed .
 I like this product a lot . I bought it as a gift for a relative who just started his own church . I have a more advance version and have been using PC Study Bible products since they first came out . The software is pretty easy to use . The one problem I have with this particular version is that it does n't include the NIV translation . I find that to be strange sense the NIV is one of the most popular translations . You can get the NIV translation in a more expensive version of PC Study Bible which seems to be a way for the company to get more money out of users . You can also buy an add-on that only includes the NIV translation . Great product but be sure to look at all the details before purchasing .
 The delivery expectation was better than I anticipated . The product received was in excellent condition .
 This product works but is complicated to use . The main problem probably is the restriction placed on the cell phone by the cell companies as they want to charge you with transfering info to the new phone .
 I love this software and would recommend it to others to purchase for their Mac Computers it is well worth the price !!!
 Apple computer just does not get it . They continue to sell their wares with very little comprehensive discussion of how they may be used . A complete after market of instruction manuals is flourishing at customer expense.This I Life '08 book does a very good job of filling in the blanks , which almost every user should find helpful . The book covers the program in full , and is a must for the i Life user.The Macintosh iLife
 I really liked this product . The updates from iLife '06 are phenomenal . Web Gallery especially was very impressive . It 's far easier and better looking than sending my pictures to my relatives via e-mail . Overall , very impressed , only reason I took off 1 star is because iMovie '08 is still good but not all it was cracked up to be . But it somewhat makes up for it that iLife '08 keeps iMovie '06 and installs iMovie '08 so you can have a choice of which one you 'd like to use .
 I had Ilife 06 installed on my IMAC , but I was lacking some features , which Ilife 08 has bring to life for me.Web Gallery is simply amazing , and the way you handle photos now , is better than before
 Apple iLife ' 08I was really excited about the upgrade to Apple 's iLife , but have been really disappointed since I 've installed it . Especially in iMovie 's incapability to import many of the video files that imported seamlessly into the older version.I still love Apple products ; just think that they could have done better with this one .
 Better than vr . 06 . I sort of liked imovie as well since I am not a pro . Also it recognizes automatically the video I captured with my JVC GZGM 505 . I think even for this it is worth the price for me .
 This product works very well and does everything that Apple said it would do . I am very pleased .
 My husband and I purchased iLife for our OSX about a month ago and have been very pleased with the ease of use and all of the new features that come with it for iPhoto .
 I am only using the new iPhoto , iMovie , and iDVD of this package , but I am still impressed with the improvements . I love the new `` events '' sections of iPhoto and updated editing tools . I made my first iMovie and iDvd and I love it . Very easy to use and found the HELP section very helpful for all my questions . Have fun preserving your memories !
 I life 08 is a big improvement over the last version . I especially enjoy all the new features in the iPhoto part of the software .
 Overall this upgrade is pretty good.iPhoto does get some improvements with Events and the ability to import selected photos not just all photos . Assigning tags is a little bit easier . However , still no support for writing tags to exif or batch renames of the files . IPhoto still idiotically makes a copy of the original if you have a photo shot vertically on a camera with an orientation sensor.iMovie - If you used iMovie at all in iLife 06 , you wo n't like this version . It is very limited . However , if you found iMovie 06 intimidating or are new to video editing and will make small youtube-like clips , it will work alright . You are allowed to download the last iMovie 06 version to supplement the current iMovie.Garageband - Seems to be slightly upgraded , however , I do not use it often.iWeb - Again , I do n't use it much . It seems pretty straight forward and easy to use . Many of the upgrades in relation to 06 need . mac.Overall , pretty good . Some nice features added . iPhoto , in my opinion , still needs the help of a secondary editor . I am waiting for Photoshop Elements 6 . A decent number of new features play into the realm of . mac integration . So if you are a . mac customer , this is a great upgrade . If you are not , it is still pretty good .
 iLife '08 is a great upgrade to iLife . It is even easier to navigate the program menus . There are a number of good upgrades , for instance , the interface between iMovie and iPhoto
 I purchased the iLife '08 update a few weeks ago . iPhoto has been particularly well updated with easier to use and better photo editing .
 I have no regrets about purchasing this update from iLife ' 06 . The enhancements to iPhoto alone make the update worth buying . The enhancements to iWeb are also great . Works flawlessly on my iMac G5 with Leopard 10.5 . I have n't tried iDVD or iMovie yet , but their day will come . Five stars for sure .
 So far this has been a great upgrade to the ilife ' 06 . iweb has a few new templets that look more professional . The widgets feature is nice because now you can add html snippets such as paypal buttons -LRB- in the event that you want to sell products from your site -RRB- . Garage band has a few new toys as well . You can now send a podcast to itunes and change the bit rate from garage band itself . iphoto has been cleaned up and more organized . Things are arranged by events and makes it much easier to find a photo or groups of photos that you shot together OR you can add photos to a group from another event.iDVD is about the same with a few new templets and more professional encoding . I never use imovie so I would not be able to comment on that ... overall I am very pleased with ilife ' 08 ...
 I ca n't imagine what I 'd use Garageband for , I did a custom install and skipped that . I do n't have a video camera so I have n't explored iMovie , and now with a G4 Powerbook , it wo n't even work . That 's disappointing because I 'd like to try a little video editing since my still camera , a Canon Powershot S80 , takes surprisingly decent high resolution video . iDVD , I 've used a couple times in previous incarnations , meh . I think most of my future projects will involve galleries and web pages with imbedded video using . Mac services . iPhoto is greatly improved . I love the new Events arrangement . Nice editing improvements . Page scrolling is better . Overall a leap forward for users of iPhoto . Check out the new Help system with video tutorials , that 's smart and tips you off to features you did n't even know you had or wanted . I 'm excited about using iLife and . Mac as a great way to share our life with distant friends and family . Oh , and I 've had Leopard installed for the last five days and WOW !!! Go get it !!!
 The features in iPhoto and iWeb are worth the money alone . I have n't started using iDVD or Garage Band yet , but I 'm sure they will be as great as the rest of the package . I now wish I had bought a new iMac so I could use iMovie 8 . Final Cut Express will continue to work just fine for me . BTW I use a Power Mac 1.25 DP with Leopard -LRB- see my review , Awesome -RRB- and all programs work flawlessly .
 This is a terrific little set of applications . If it had only been GarageBand it would have been worth the modest cost . GarageBand is a sturdy , multispectrum , easy to use multi track recording studio . Its predecessor was pretty basic - but the new version is a substantial update . The user interface is simpler and more straight forward . I can now utilize all of the outputs on my mixer -LRB- earlier versions limited me to a few at a time -RRB- . The loop record function allows me to overdub again and again as I practice a riff - the stacked riffs can be isolated , and cut/pasted into the final mix with remarkable ease . There is a basic but formidable set of effects , including a very passable compressor , a great limiter to maximize volume without sacrificing quality , almost unlimited mixing capabilities.But its not just GarageBand - the new iPhoto is a tremendous improvement as well . I 've seen some critical reviews stating that having the library available only within the application is a hassle . Its actually not . Its easy enough to sidestep this in any of several ways - import the photos to a separate file before adding them to the iPhoto library - you can then import them into iPhoto from their folders , but here 's the benefit ! If the drive you import the files to is different from the one you have the iPhoto library on , well then you have just created a backup for the photos . Its always a good idea too to burn a CD or DVD with those images in case of a system or hardware crash ! I love the new `` events '' feature . It is so easy to keep track of images now - being able to preview all the images in an event without opening its library is a great time saver . And I love the interactivity with the internet - I 've posted a few web galleries directly from iPhoto - they look great and so far everyone I 've invited to look has been impressed both with how easily the galleries work and how stable and fast the are.iMovie works wonderfully - although I 've upgraded and purchased Final Cut Express 8 - iMovie is great for rough cuts , but FCE offers much more diverse tools for polishing!iWeb is a limited but functional website builder - it lacks the diversity and flexibility of GoLive or Dreamweaver , but then I do n't always have the time or the energy to use those applications for very basic informational webbing.And finally , iDVD does exactly what its supposed to.I think that is the critical point about all the Apple applications I own - FinalCut Express , Logic Express , iLife and iWork , OSX Leopard . They do exactly what they advertise , and do it well . If you have an Apple machine that meets the hardware standards -LRB- read that last line again ! -RRB- then you ca n't go wrong with these applications ! Once you 've bought iLife , make sure to watch the short but helpful training videos on the Apple website . It will jumpstart your usage !
 Installation was effortless . I created a project using iphoto and imovie . I would have liked an instruction manual , but figured out what I needed without much trouble . These are fun applications .
 The new iLife '08 is great in every way . The improvements to iPhoto is worth the price alone . The new iMovie is fine but I also have the older version on my iMac .
 I bought this product so I could start my own web site and it came thru beautifully ! I enjoyed using it and my website published is great !
 It seems that some people are disappointed in the new iMovie , which is substantially different than the old one . The new one is much easier for most non-computer people to use , making it possible for just about anyone to make a movie quickly and easily . So what 's wrong with that ? That ease of use sacrifices many of the uber-advanced features that technical people love . Everything is packaged and ready-to-go to look good , but you can add advanced volume or video controls and filters . In the end , this will push the technical people to buy the more advanced Final Cut Express , and make the majority of the population able to finally make a movie quickly . What you think of this depends on what you want . Personally , I like it because I do n't have a lot of time to satisfy my inner geek.The other software is generally improved . I am a big fan of the new iPhoto events , which groups your photos according to the days and times you took the photos . For this to work , you 've got to set your camera 's time and date correctly ; otherwise , the events are grouped into odd clusters . iWeb is improved with better management for personal sites . Garageband has a new Magic Garageband feature that makes it much easier to generate your own music . All of this software is more efficient at handling today 's huge data files.One caveat to all of this software is that there are more bugs than I 'd like . Apple does do a good job fixing bugs , though , and most things I do work fine . Also , this software appreciates a newer Mac - either a 2.0 Ghz or faster G5 or an Intel Mac are required to use the new iMovie . So if you 're using a G4 or older processor , you might be disappointed by the speed of this software . On the other hand , with a newer computer , you 'll probably be impressed by the speed.Generally , if you like fast , easy-to-use software and you have a newer computer , you 'll love the new iLife . If you 're a technie and you like to have lots of features and options , this update might not impress you .
 GarageBand 08 . That 's what I bought iLife 08 for . I do n't see any reviews here for this superb and yet unjustly , incorrectly maligned program , so I 'm here to fill that gap , and tell other musicians why I think GB is worth the entire price of iLife 08 by itself . First , I do n't use iPhoto - I use Adobe Bridge CS3 . I do n't use iMovie ... nor do I have any need to make DVDs with iDVD . For web production , I use Dreamweaver CS3 and Photoshop CS3 , not iWeb . And I do n't need podcasting capabilities.I payed my money for GarageBand alone , less than a tenth of the price of Logic Pro -LRB- which I also own -RRB- , and GB has all of the essential bits and pieces that I need to play , mix and produce excellent quality music . I skipped upgrading to the last version of iLife , because GarageBand was suddenly turned into a Podcast program during the height of the Podcasting craze , and the musicians wants and wishes took a back seat . This version of GarageBand has been improved so much it is serious competition for the `` Big Boy Pro Applications . `` GarageBand 08 is now a home studio capable of recording a full blown CD with -LRB- new -RRB- 24-bit audio recording and playback . - You must have a 24 bit capable USB or Firewire audio interface to record Real Instrument tracks -LRB- guitar , vocals , mic 'd drums . . etc. -RRB- to take full advantage of this feature . - These are abundant and affordable on the web . Some of the other features that I like -LRB- that are new -RRB- are featured below.But first a word about `` Magic GarageBand '' . When I first saw this I thought it was the lamest , most pathetic looking thing I had ever seen ! A corny mock up of a stage spotlighting each instrument ??? Come on ! But then I auditioned one of the Blues `` genres '' . And to my surprise ... I liked it ! I brought into the multi-track time line , plugged in my Les Paul and was jamming with a great band ! This was a great treat for a home studio musician like me . It was really nice jamming with some one other than my self and loops.Now for the new features that I love and are new in this edition of GarageBand .1 . Multi take recording . Say you mess up a Real Instrument part . Simply set up a loop over top of the track -LRB- s -RRB- you messed up and re-record another 1 , 2 , 3 . . etc takes . Then audition each take , pick the best one and throw out the rest . This feature has only been available in the high priced programs until now .2 . Visual EQ
 iLife has made some positive and negative changes.iPhoto
 iLife is a great way to get all your media needs for a great price . They work flawlessly on your Mac -LRB- of course -RRB- and have an intuitive look . I would n't replace my audio program with GarageBand just yet , but mostly these programs are well thought out and integrated with each other .
 Excellent editing features along the lines of iPhoto and iTunes . Review video and audio as fast as you can move a pointer plus stop , start , segment , split , join via pointer and keyboard shortcuts . Secure source features like iPhoto and iTunes . Immediate conversion of DVD to QT clips . There is so much here , on a completely different but better base , that it takes a couple of weeks to master it . With this fresh start on a better foundation it will also improve faster with time . Since any clip or frame range can easily be given a title and/or subtitle chapters are obsolete .
 I upgraded from iLife '06 so that I could use the iWeb app for our family page . I love it . I was able to sort out about 2600 photos in a few hours with the cool new ` event ' feature in iPhoto . I really have n't used iMovie or iDvd yet since I have Final Cut Pro for all of that . Other wise I would of given this a better rating . However if you want to set up a web page fairly quickly and sort alot of photos . Then this is a great app .
 Delivery was sooner than expected , price was fine . Software is what I asked for . Efficient and good seller , I recommend .
 Jolly good job chaps ! Smooth transaction , accurate description , timely shipping . Thumbs up to ya , Cheers .
 Yes I was really pleased with the product and the shipping . The only problem I had was , when I was trying to get in touch with the company to see the details on my shipping and I could get in touch with the company of my other order but not this one but It was not a big deal but if it was I would not be very happy .
 INSTALLED IN MINUTES ON MACBOOK EVERYTHING READY TO GO EVEN OMEAS WITH TRIAL FOR MAC PAGES
 I incorrectly ordered the wrong item , realizing my mistake about a day later . I quickly sent messages to Amazon and the Marketplace retailer , RI Electronics . RI canceled my order and refunded my money . Way to go RI Electronics - highly recommended retailer !
 Hold your money until the new version of iLife comes out and purchase that . I bought version '08 thinking it might be a year before the next version is on the market and now , a couple months later , I must spend more money to have the newest iLife that is due to be released soon .
 While I use it primarily for iDVD and occasionally for iPhoto -LRB- I am an Aperture user -RRB- , the media browser is AWESOME ! Just burned a DVD with multiple slideshows and was able to select images straight from Aperture . To me the media browser is the best thing since sliced bread !! Programs are uncomplicated and easy to use while the help file is good too .
 I purchased iLife '08 and was pleasantly surprised how easy it was to compose a photo album that allows you to drop your photos into previously arranged pages , as well as add copy -LRB- picture captions and commentary -RRB- to some of the pages . The results are truly professional . The software enables the user to select a background for the photos on a given page , as well as the number of pictures you want to appear on the pages . Printing fees for the finished album are reasonable . Send electronically your completed design to Apple , which will ship you a great-looking version of your photo album within a matter of days . You will be pleased to show the results -LRB- you can order more than one copy -RRB- to friends and relatives . Calendars and greeting cards also can be produced with the iLife software .
 I Purchashed through Amazon and got a Great price.I had heard alot about the new features in iPHOTO , and when I saw how many new adjustments were added for photo editing , I knew I had to buy iLIFE 08 . I am quite happy with it . I used to shoot mainly JPEG photos , but now I am shooting RAW format , and iLIFE is wonderful for editing those as well as other formats.Very user friendly , everything that comes with iLIFE is improved to the MAX.Any Mac owner who does n't have iLIFE 08 SHOULD REALLY purchase this version . I run OS 10.4.11 and it runs smoooooth . Very happy with this purchase .
 I was looking for a program for Mac that could create DVD slideshows from slides and prints . iLife '08 does just that and more . I am very pleased with iPhoto and iDVD . Editing in iPhoto is easy , and the `` Ken Burns Effects '' add interest to your slideshow . It allows you to select various transitions in your slide show , and I added a soundtrack from iTunes -LRB- latest version is also downloaded automatically -RRB- and theme video from iDVD . You can also chose to have the run of the slideshow determined by the length of your soundtrack , so they fit perfectly ! The help tutorials on Apple Help are supportive and easy to follow , plus more specific scripted help is also useful . I only gave it 4 * s because I ca n't speak to the other programs in the package yet . -LRB- My computer does n't have enough memory for iMovie 08 , but in loading the software , it knew that and let me download the 06 version at no extra charge . -RRB- So if you 're a Mac user looking to turn those old photos and slides into digital archives , iLife will do the job ! -LRB- Note : If you 're going to burn your DVD with your Mac , use DVD-Rs ! -RRB-
 My son received a JVC camcorder with hard drive from his father-in-law this Christmas . And a used dual G5 Mac Pro from me . He and my daughter-in-law gave both families our first grandchild!He had iLife '06 but we could not import the video from the JVC camcorder . We read the reviews of iLife '08 and had a lot of concerns , but we had a lot of new video of the baby 's first Christmas we did n't want to lose.No Apple stores or office supply stores who carried Apple products were nearby where he lives in Georgia , so I ordered iLife '08 from Amazon for next day delivery . It arrived as expected . My son installed iLife , then the updates . Hooked up the camcorder and he soon had the videos imported.Quoting from my son 's blog : `` The more I work with iMovie and some of the other iLife applications , the more I begin to understand what they were trying to do . I know I complained about not having a timeline in iMovie , but now you can make your own complete soundtracks with Garageband . I did n't necessarily want to open a new application for a movie project , but I think it would work all the same . '' `` Apple was kind enough to allow free downloads of their last version of iMovie HD , but I 've been sticking with iMovie '08 for all my recent work . Mainly , because it recognizes the widescreen on my camera better -LRB- I tried all sorts of ways in iMovie 3 , but it kept distorting the video -RRB- . '' `` I really like the way you can adjust the White Balance , and other things with the new iMovie . It 's really quite versatile once you experiment and play around with it . Tonight I was playing around in Garageband and discovered how you can play with sound effects , and I thought ... I 'm going to have to use this ! So the next video of my son may have a crazy soundtrack along with it . '' `` Anyways , I just thought I 'd let you know that I like it a whole lot better now . `` This would be a 5 star product if Apple would add timelines in as a advanced editing option.My son also likes how iPhoto handles his RAW files now .
 iPhoto and iMovie '08 make this all worthwhile . Intuitive apple product that works with zero learning curve . Awesome seamless link between movie clip editing and photos , except for MPEG1 mux 'd video clips -LRB- some Cannon , Olympic -RRB- . These MPEG1 must be converted to different format -LRB- easy with Apple 's QuickTime -RRB- . iPhoto sorts , handles photos beautifully , easily edits most of what we use , makes albums that can be turned into gift books , imports from cameras ; all easily and quickly . Albums and shows link perfectly with iTunes . First time I saw my thousands of photos in iPhoto 's event view I realized I finally enjoy handling photos on the computer .
 I really like this product . I love iWeb , creating web sites is made simple with it . The organization in iPhoto is something that needed to be done a long time ago .
 We bought it because it allows us to make iPhone ringtones in garage band with any song from our iTunes for free . Sure beats paying $ 1.98 for the song and ringtone from the iTunes music store ... Once you add the other features it makes sense . All of the other programs make sharing our digital media with friends easier too .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas . She is in her first year in college and specifically wanted the garage band feature . She really loves to take photos also , and has found that this application is great . She loves this !
 Love the new update . iPhoto now stores picture by events , making your photo library much easier to view and scan . iWeb updates are fantastic . For just a few bucks iLife helps you create DVDs , websites and other projects that will impress and amaze your friends .
 Apple hardware is overpriced ... but the software is n't ! For this price , the amount of cool STUFF You can do is amazing.iMovie 08 is much maligned for features it is missing from iMovie 06 - and they are justified . However , the iMovie in iLife 08 IS a much better design and hopefully will ` grow back ' the features it lost.I love iDvd and have n't played with iWeb . My Favorite is iPhoto . What an amazing upgrade in iLife 08 . If you are a photographer who has n't moved up to Lightroom or Aperture and are still using iLife 06 , then the iPhoto upgrade is worth the $ 80 by itself.I like this product a lot .
 I use my I-Life everyday . I use it for my small business , and my personal life . Yes , it has bugs , but it is better then anything in the P.C. world I have tried . I use Garageband to cut auditions , rough cut audio books , and for coaching voice over .
 iLife is a great package . I am not a big video person so for me , it is easy to use and gives great results without a lot of work . If you 're more into complex video maybe this is n't robust enough but for me , I could n't ask for a better , easier to use set of programs . The events in iPhoto really help to organize my pictures and make it easier to find them all . If you have a family , it 's worth it !
 Good product . Only thing I do n't like is I have a Power PC and there is not an update for iMovie if you have a Power PC with lower hard drive speeds .
 It 's pretty good . I 'm still not impressed with the quality of DVD slide shows that you can make . They 're kind of grainy . Especially when you use the Ken Burns Effect .
 I was looking for Iphoto 8 and this was it ! The disc was reasonably priced and looked brand new ! Worked like a charm and installation was a breeze ! Thank you !!
 As soon as I got the software installed it ran fine . All I really had to do was a few software updates to iMovie for it to work on my OS . My only real gripe with this purchase was how long it took to receive the package , other than that , everything was perfect and im currently using the software without a hitch .
 I found it here . My iMac G5 crashed , and the Apple dealer could n't -LRB- would n't -RRB- restore my software . I found it on amazon.com . All is well !!
 Received the order fast and it works on snow leppord ! Installed on my MacBook pro in a matter of minutes . Packaging was like new . iLife '08 rocks and is faster than the new version .
 Apple has decided to stop including iDVD on its latest version of iLife and it is no longer available on the App Store . Unfortunately , they have chosen to not offer a replacement or substitution . The only way to acquire it now is to purchase an old DVD version of iLife . Being such an old version , I decided to gamble my $ 6 , but when I custom installed just iDVD , Apple supplied an update that brought it up to the latest version . It now works perfectly with my iMovie 2011 on OS X Lion . Burn is a free app that will enable one to burn DVDs on iMovie 2011 , but it has no where near the options and themes .
 The software loaded and worked fine . It was as advertised-reasonably priced and on time . No problems , no worries , no more to say . Thanks .
 Product had all the features that I needed to reinstall a standard feature I had dropped to save space . -LRB- I wished it had also had Apple `` Mail '' , but that was n't the immediate task at hand . -RRB-
 I bought this iLife series as a step to convert old iLife movies so they would be compatible with newer iLife programs . I have n't learned the program so ca n't comment on the particulars of this version . I do wish apple provided paid users with way to upgrade . That said , I 'm grateful companies still carry the program .
 I got it quickly , and , even though it was a little scratched , it worked perfectly . ` Just what I wanted at a good price .
 I was planning to purchase iLife ' 09 . Why not ? It 's the most current version , right ? But in my research I found out that iLife '09 does not work fully with non-Intel-based Macs . And , of course , I do n't have an Intel-based Mac . There are many warnings on blogs and other sites about iMovie not working properly with iLife '09 unless you have an Intel Mac . Definitely something for you to look into before you decide whether to purchase '08 or ' 09 . Hope this warning helps you make an informed decision . If you 're not planning to use iMovie , then you could probably go right to ' 09 . But if that 's something you 're looking forward to using , do a little more research and maybe think about getting ' 08 . Good luck !
 I 've been a Mac user for two decades ... both professionally and personally - in education and out . For most users this suite is terrific . The functionality and collaborative features are incredible . You can much more easily see what photos and movies you have , use them and share them . You can now have web galleries of your photos much more easily available to others and you can collaborate with them.If you want more details , to see the functionality and features , go to http://www.apple.com/ilife/guidedtour/ and see for yourself.Some people have complained about the new iMovie application . I personally think the new iMovie is a far step ahead of the old one - but if you do n't like it , you can download the old one for free from Apple !
 I am assuming if you are reading these reviews , you want to find out about the new iLife before you order it . I was doing the same thing and decided to pass on a little information I picked up.I do not own iLife 8 , and may not purchase it because the Slick software for iMovie will NOT work with the new version of iLife - the new version does not support plug-ins . I obtained this info straight from GeeThree . However , GeeThree also told me that it will leave iMovie 6 on your hard drive , so you can still use it with the Slick software . I hope this info helps someone !!!
 Apple iLife ' 08I have had all of the iLife software updates so far and this is the best ever . I was somewhat concerned that iMovie had been `` dumbed down '' and would not be as good as the previous edition , but to my surprise , it was better in many ways even though it had missing some of the features of the old version . I did n't mind , because what was there , worked beautifully . I did not evaluate the Garage Band as I have n't used it yet . iPhoto worked better than ever without the old organizational format which I did n't use anyway . The iWeb works seamlessly and as a first timer , I was pleased with the results.For the price it is a real bargain , in the world of software upgrades .
 This is the last piece of software that will still work on the G4 Powerbook line of MacIntosh computers effectively . It is a big upgrade from the previous versions and well worth the money , but it does cause older computers to run a bit slower . Still , I recommend either doing it now or buy the new Intel powerbook as you have no real cost effective options . Having tried it I really am glad I made the upgrade rather than buy a whole new computer .
 I was a little surprised by the ratings I saw by some of the Apple / Mac `` faithful '' , on this latest edition of iLife . I just received my copy , and found it to be a pleasure to work with , and was particularly pleased with iPhoto and its enhanced interface . This suite of software is , principally , geared to the non technical person , and is excellent for for my family and friends who do n't work the WEB for a living , as I do . Of course , I work with CS3 and a number of very high-end packages , but it is n't fair to compare them to iLife , which seems to be what some of the other reviewers are doing -LRB- or wish it was -RRB- . If you 're looking for a package that will more than please the bulk of the Mac users , you wo n't be disappointed -- if you 're looking for professional products with a great deal more features and flexibility , you 'll have to spend your money elsewhere .
 Wanted to clarify if you do n't like the new movie program you can set it back to the previous version . Also I 'd highly recommend that you go to an apple class at an apple store once you see how the movie program works and each of the components of ilife you just might become a convert , such as myself . I have found this program very useful .
 More convenient to purchase here than at the local comp store ... even if I did n't save any money .
 Item was received in a few days after purchase . I love all the new applications that come with iLife 08 . It 's a must hve .
 iLife is the only way to update iPhoto . Therefore the photo library is much improved . Apple product are the best of the best .
 Apple iLife ' 08what a an up great to one of the simples and more afordable software -LRB- free with a new mac Computer -RRB- new interface more versatile and more control over the media intuitive operation requires a simple tutorial to get you started , the HD is a plus . great software
 The product is great , but I was charged for the item on 18 Oct , yet I did n't receive it from J&R Computer World until 7 Dec - absolutely unacceptable ! This was my first and last experience dealing with J&R Computer World .
 iLife is everything you need on your Macintosh for making photos , movies , DVD 's , music , and Web pages .
 The Apple iLife '08 old version I purchased is great . The seller shipped my item very quickly and now that I have installed it , I have already received Apple updates .
 I really love the GarageBand software !!! It is amazing !!! The only downside is that the iPhoto does n't run that great on a 1.5 Ghz Powerbook and the iMovie software for some reason is not compatible . Other than that is good !
 I am a mac lover and was a bit reticent about changing over to iLife . Once I quickly downloaded the program my fears subsided and i was thrilled with all of the changes . I was n't too sure how they could have improved on the product - but they did . Kudos to Apple . Another great addition to the line .
 I bought this product primarily for the update to iPhoto , but I do use iWeb as well . I like both , they are well conceived and easy to use . So far , I have not used the other 3 , but I had to buy them to get iPhoto .
 I 've been a Mac owner and developer since 1985 and have experienced a lot of Apple software in those years . I 've used the iLife suite for several years and iLife '08 is the best yet . Just about everything you could want and they 're easy to learn and use .
 if your a producer looking for a cheap fix while adding instruments to your catalog , youve found it . hopefully you already have a midi controller if not get one asap . the instruments and loops sound amazing and you can also record vocals with the program . ilife also comes with other software such as iweb which is used for creating and maintaing a web page but i didnt buy for that .
 iPhoto - Fabulous upgrade - the best and easiest way to manage and work with photos.iMovie - Truly a disappointment . It could have been so much better , but bugs and terrible export quality from DV ruined the product.iWeb - Not much of an upgrade , but welcome nonetheless.iDVD - Worked fast and well when needed . Burns so quickly that it saved my skin on a couple occasions so overall very happy.GarageBand - Minor upgrades , I do n't really use it expect for podcasts so I do n't notice much at all.Overall , there is some good -LRB- iPhoto , iDVD -RRB- and some bad -LRB- iMovie -RRB- , which overall means its a 4-star rating to upgrade .
 I got this version because my older version would not run under OS 10.5.3 . It does that and runs flawlessly . I mostly wanted iDVD for a project but the other apps are nice to have . I 've produced a DVD of pix I took at a family wedding which has been greatly appreciated by both sides of the family . I 'm not into video but needed a way to have people look at the pix without a computer . It does that quite easily . I highly recommend it .
 I have 3000-4000 photo 's in iphoto 08 -- the new event function is a huge breakthough for organizing and enjoying your photo 's . Also the new post to web gallery is fantastic - if you have a . Mac account it is now really simple to share your photo 's with your friends .
 Several of the items have valuable changes , but the change to iMovie should have been handled better by Apple . The need for an Intel processor for iMovie is burdensome , but at least it does n't wipe out iMovieHD on install .
 Works great on my late model G4 . Wish I had a superdrive and not a combodrive so I could fully utilize the DVD .
 The iLife 08 box arrived incredibly fast , but my poor G4 PowerBook works so hard to make it worthwhile . I ca n't use the iMovie update , and iWeb and especially iDVD push the G4 into running quite slowly . But they produce the results I really needed , and the installation went like clockwork . The demo of iWork that came with it finally convinced me to change back to the Apple office utilities package , which I had left for Office 2004 -LRB- which was given to me for free -RRB- .
 Have you noticed ? Apple has all the `` In Toys '' that people want when it comes to digital gadgets these days . From the iPhone and iPod Touch to the iMac and iBook , the gadget that brings both status and extraordinary performance , turning your friends green with envy , and turbo charging your digital life comes with a plain little Apple logo on the outside . And it 's no wonder ! One look at any of the afore mentioned products and the original design quality is evident from the get go . The appearance , the depth of refinement and exacting nature of products that perform as they should both grab you and then hold you in rapt wonder and amazement as you learn more and more . These are tools for the mind from the minds of tool lovers.One of the products that make the Macs such a pleasure to own and use is Apple 's iLife program . Now , here 's a program that retails at just $ 79 list , comes bundled with a new Mac , and is five mature applications rolled into one . Any one of the five programs is worth the $ 79 ticket to ride.iPhoto - Automatically organizes your photo library . It 's all here ; Professional editing , annotation , classification , publishing . This well mannered program will allow you to take on projects you never deamed you were capable of.iMovie - After using your digital video camera , this is where the movie is made . From clips to scenes to finished works , the program helps you stay organized while you bring it all together and put your own soundtrack to it.GarageBand - A multitrack music sequencer for both the amateur and professional musician . This is your personal recording studio . Most people do n't know that they can do this stuff . With GarageBand , they can.iWeb - Automagically create your own web site from your photos and your movies and your creative heart.iDVD - Take those multiple movies you put together in iMovie to DVD . No shortcuts here . You 'll make professional looking DVDs you 'll be proud to show anywhere.And did I mention that it is only $ 79 ? If you already have one of the previous iLife versions , the decision may be a little harder . But , take heart ! The improvements to iLife with the '08 version are many . In iPhoto you can now organize by events , a feature that takes this program to a much higher level of usefulness . And on top of that , the editing tools in iPhoto are very much improved . Only pros need Photoshop now . iMovie is rebuilt from the ground up and includes the ability to keep and browse your video library . iWeb has themes and the ability to place web widgets in your creations . And , there 's dozens more reasons to upgrade . The improvements over previous iterations of iLife are much too numerous to cover individually here . Suffice to say that you wont be disappointed . If you do upgrade , be sure and keep the old version of iMovie by renaming it before the install . The new one is so different , you may want to have both.And did I mention that it is only $ 79 ? What 's that ? You do n't have a Mac ? Why that just means that iLife is free for you!As soon as you buy your Mac .
 These 1 star reviews are based solely on the fact that people struggle to work with the new iMovie . You ca n't judge an entire package based on ONE piece of software out of FIVE.The package is VERY user-friendly , especially imovie , which received a complete overhaul . If you had 06 , and would rather use it , Apple does n't delete it , so you 're STILL free to use it.The only reason i take one star off is because of the slowness of magic garageband . But honestly , if you have at least 1-2 GB -LRB- which i do n't -RRB- , Garageband will run smoother.Also you get 30 free days with the iWork software ... how can you go wrong?For mac fans , this is a great investment .
 I keep hearing iMovie 08 is horrible but i have not heard why someone please tell me why it is bad ?? I just ordered it today -LRB- 8/27/07 -RRB- I want to know why , help !!!
 If you design website with Dreamweaver -LRB- works with non-Dreamweaver sites , but without Dreamweaver 's integrated templates capability that locks portions of the page -RRB- that others will need to edit ... AND you do n't want them to break it , then Contribute is the product for you!Allows you set user permissions that control what a user can edit , how they can edit a page , how they -LRB- and if they -RRB- can add images , whether they can publish or their draft needs reviewed , and saves rollback copies so any damage can be undone!The user interface is easy and user-friendly - the user browses the site they wish to edit -LRB- and have permission to do so -RRB- and then edits the page . Simple.This works best for the editor of a site created and maintained by Dreamweaver . And , it will make every Dreamweaver designer happier , healthier , and allow for the opportunity to spend your time making money designing a new site as opposed to the drudgery of continually editing an old site.This is a great solution for non-profit clients who want to be able to update at will , but have too small a budget to afford a full web application design or ca n't afford to pay a web designer to continually make changes and updates to the content .
 I love NuSphere . NuSphere MySQL was a snap to install . I was able to host a web page pretty much right at the start -LRB- after I got used to the directory structure and some of the features -RRB- . This was perfect for a beginner like me . Perl , apache , php and mysql work right from the start . This setup is perfect for learning Web Development and administration . I 've wanted to learn Apache and php for a while , and NuSphere definitely kicks you right into it . The nice thing is you do n't even need to be connected to the net to start learning . This package comes with pocket reference guides to Perl , apache , and php . Plus the big book on MySQL.A good knowledge of Linux/Unix and command lines well is needed .
 I 'd read reviews of NuSphere MySQL on other websites , which said it was great for newbies
 I purchased NuSphere MySQL directly from NuSphere after reading reviews on the internet . I first used it on Windows and was very happy . It installs very quickly with just one or two clicks , and I had a web server , database , and development environment all running . Much better than Microsoft PWS with FrontPage , and much faster.I recently switched to Linux for my website development , and was happy to see that it worked just as well . All the same tools , fast one-click install , although the user interface was easier under Windows.Very good organization of the files , too , making for easy backups.Last month I purchased NuSphere PHPed , and it works very well with the NuSphere MySQL , but is more for professional developers .
 Lots of good stuff in this box . Good documentation . THe headliner is the NuSphere database
 I was a very happy user of NuSphere MySQL when I decided to purchase PHPEd Advantage . I do consulting work for web site developers , and prefer PHP to ASP or CF.I wanted more than a PHP debugger , which I got , but I am most happy with the debugger . It is very capable , and integrated into the editor and class browser . It compares very well to Visual C++ , but I have n't used Visual . NET to compare.Web publishing is with FTP . I have heard that the new version supports WebDAV and CVS archiving , but I have n't tried it yet .
 Powerful , flexible product . While its integrated debugger is the best I 've used , it 's not the only reason to buy . The editor does a good job with HTML , PHP , Perl and Javascript . The tool incorporates push-button publishing to remote sites , manages projects , provides a class browser , and is an on-line linter.Especially nice is its direct connection to MySQL , with SQL statement checking builtin . Direct preview of PHP pages using the -LRB- integrated Apache -RRB- . Equivalent to Microsoft Visual XXX but for PHP.Client requires windoze , but servers can be linux/unix . Frequent updates -LRB- three functionality upgrades since June -RRB- .
 I recently decided not to upgrade my Microsoft VB6 development toolset to the latest . NET product . Basically driven by cost . I then decided to look for an IDE that could deliver similar functionality and decided upon Nusphere PHPed . This is fine product although I do not give 5 stars as I have found the debugger a little temperamental at times . In time I know this product will mature and become a valuable asset .
 For those who are considering the upgrade , it is worth it . I 've just begun to use AWARE 6 and three things have already made it worthwhile .1 . When an icon is empty , it is greyed-out in the design window . This eliminates much of the guess work .2 . One-button publishing . Nice .3 . RTF editor . This is the bread-and-butter of the new version as far as I 'm concerned . You can either import rich text files or create them within the RTF editor . The best thing is that you can insert variables and functions into the objects ... . I would 've upgraded for this feature alone.To say the least , I 'm pleased with it .
 Encyclopedia Britannica has been the ` Gold Standard ' of print encyclopedias for some two-hundred odd years , but its electronic incantations have been much less impressive . Dogged by poor user interfaces , high cost , and ineffective software design -LRB- related to poor management at the corporate level and bad business and investment decisions in the 1990 's -RRB- , competitors such as Encarta have run rings around this venerable warhorse of information and knowledge.Britannica Deluxe 2003 improves on its predecessors , and has attempted to address the problems mentioned above , but still suffers from major weaknesses . The user-interface is better designed -LRB- it is easier to make searches -RRB- , the content more comprehensive and accessible , and more research tools have been added in . The written articles are of first class quality , and the inclusion of the current Britannica yearbooks adds to its value.However , the package still has some glaring faults . The quality is nowhere near that of the Print Set , with many important maps and diagrams in the print version of the encyclopedia simply being left out in the software version . This is especially frustrating when one is reading an article where map references are essential , i.e. the articles on history , geography or on important countries and geographic regions . The encyclopedia has no provision for updates , unlike its competitors , forcing the user to buy a new package every six months to a year . The organisation of the encyclopedia is also somewhat confusing , unlike the excellent organisation of the print version , which has extensive indexes and a guide to navigating the encyclopedia . The World Atlas is far behind Encarta in quality and in simple interactivity , and it is in fact the weakest part of the whole package.I would personally recommend that along with Britannica , the Encarta package should be purchased as well . Encarta has ` lighter ' content than Britannica but has a first-class atlas , whilst Britannica has a first-class encyclopedia but a second-rate Atlas . The weaknesses and strengths of the both packages tend to complement each other , hence one would be better off with both than with one alone .
 Other reviewers have covered this , but wanted to reinforce their points .1 . No other software encyclopedia I have seen has articles whose scholastic quality is anywhere in the ballpark of Britannica 's . I use it every day , for serious research , and have looked up everything from physics to impressionist painting to American history . The articles are TOP NOTCH .2 . The software interface , images , and charts leave much to be desired . The interface is brutal , and searches slow . Not that a ten second wait is a big deal , but ... with the entire thing on the HD this seems excessive . You also ca n't search within articles , which is maddening . It is frustrating to read a whole article to find a keyword that other programs like Encarta automatically highlight.I have used Encarta and other products . Encarta is a superficial Encyclopedia that is excellent for children , or the typical individual looking for simple , quick summaries . I did n't realize how meager Encarta 's entries are until using Britannica . This is not a simplistic bashing of Encarta
 The software problems of earlier versions have been completely corrected : The software installs easily if your antivirus software is disabled first.The CD version can be completely transferred to the hard drive so that Britannica can be operated without a runtime CD in the drive.The Britannica display window now can be sized to take advantage of larger monitors.The text if very legible and I 'm using the smallest size text available on an 18 inch display without any problem.The search routine speed is dependent on the amount of ram memory you have . The more memory , the faster the speed . With a mere 512MB of ram the search routines are blindingly fast.The Search routine allows Boolean operators -LRB- explained in the help file -RRB- so you are able to narrow down the search results to the desired data almost instantly.As always , the Britannica content is the most complete of the available encyclopedias .
 I have recently purchased both the Encarta Reference Library 2003 and the Britannica Deluxe 2003 , and while I acknowledge with wonder and some minor reservations that the former is a remarkable and impressive piece of work , I feel compelled to express my admirative appreciation of the latter , which is in every way -LRB- yes as regards the interface as well when properly utilized -RRB- a thing of outstanding quality and merit . The quality refers in particular to the content , which is unbelievably rich , even richer than that of the other abovementioned and duly praised encyclopedia . What is more , the way to this content is rather simple , though intelligently diversified , in my opinion , providing of course one learns to use this way effectively - which should take a few minutes , not much more . In sum , I positively disagree with the negative reviews that have tarnished the image of Britannica on CD rom.P.S .
 I wanted to do 3 things ... See staff notes for midi songs -LRB- cheaper than buying sheet music -RRB- Record wav files into tracksRecord and play back midi filesAnd , this does it all.I am not sure why you would spend more for a home studio setup.The only neg . is that they do n't offer phone support for this product . I had 1 very simple question , which they would n't take over the phone .4 thumbs up for the product , 1 thumb down for their lackluster effort of taking a phone call .
 Works as described . Cables a little short , having to juggle the keyboard and the PC - be prepared to be surrounded by equipment . Using the MIDI interface successfully with Band in a Box.Check the release of Cakewalk - it is not the latest available .
 I do n't often write reviews , but I strongly disagree with a number of the negative reviews that have been posted regarding this product.CONTENT
 Being a previous owner of an earlier version of Britannica on CD , I was absolutely amazed by the 2003 Ultimate Reference CD.The CD seemed innocent enough once the program loaded and I was presented with a search box and a few other buttons . But don ' t be deceived by the simplicity . As soon as I entered a few queries , I suddenly realized the enormity of the data contained in this product . It reminded me of the first time I ever browsed through the print version as a kid -- you almost can not believe how wondrously complex the world can be . I found myself skipping from topic to topic going through history as a wide-eyed observer ... and at the end of my first session , I actually felt smarter!I have a recent version of Encarta installed on a machine at work and I can tell you that with Microsoft 's backing , it has some really excellent graphical features . While I can see the appeal , I never felt compelled to LEARN . It was if I was playing a video game , and the content was secondary.Overall , I 'd recommend this CD to anyone who is genuinely curious about the world we live in and has a healthy thirst for knowledge .
 This 2003 Britannica CD is a wonderful reference tool for users of any age , now that it contains three different encyclopedias . So much information is provided at the touch of your keyboard and the Britannica application contains the same information as the leatherbound version . The features that I find most useful are
 While I agree with some of the comments regarding the interface - it seems clear to me -LRB- having seen most of the past versions -RRB- that Britannica finally decided to depart from the flashy , but ineffective and time wasting interface that has been driven by Microsoft and poorly copied by everyone else for years.It is very easy to get to whatever you are looking for in Britannica and more importantly the information is comprehensive and trusted . There are different age levels and libraries that allow this to work for a much wider age group than others.I agree with the reviewer that says - If you want flash without substance than Encarta or others will do - if you want trusted , comprehensive content in a good -LRB- if not flashy -RRB- interface than Britannica is the one - without question - to go with.I am looking forward to the second version -LRB- 2004 -RRB- of this new interface and direction Britannica has taken and anticipate great improvements in all areas .
 We recently purchased the Britannica Ultimate Reference Suite because we wanted an encyclopedia that could be useful for the kids doing homework as well as adults doing research . The Britannica has so far proven outstanding ! Every search we 've done has provided the needed information from the encyclopedia plus many have also shown great internet sites for even more info.The interface is clean and uncluttered which makes it very easy to use . I especially like the separate `` libraries '' for each level , because the kids can find what they need in the younger encyclopedias without having to wade through the more difficult articles of the full Britannica . I highly recommend this product to families and adults , alike .
 I have in my home a leather-bound set of the Encyclopedia Britannica , as of course do many others . I purchased mine several years ago for about -LSB- a grand -RSB- -LRB- the price of the hard-bound version has gone up since then -RRB- . My leather-bound Britannica set looks very impressive and , consequently , probably will remain on display in its bookcase . But recently I have stopped using it because I recently bought Britannica on CDs at its current incredibly-low price and installed it on my computer 's hard drive where it is readily accessible without having to lift and carry those beautiful , but somewhat large and heavy , leather-bound volumes . To me it is wondrous that the world 's most highly regarded encyclopedia is now available for installation on one 's computer at a price accessible to virtually everyone . Furthermore , this software version contains not only the complete Britannica but also two other versions for younger users , plus a dictionary and thesaurus . What a treasure trove of information at an incredibly-low price .
 I do n't often write reviews , but I strongly disagree with a number of the negative reviews that have been posted regarding this product.CONTENT -LRB- the most important part -RRB-
 I recently received Encyclopedia Britannica 2003 Ultimate Reference Suite on dvd . I read all the problems people had with it , but decided to purchase it anyway because of the content . I had no problem downloading it to my hard drive and the user interface is straight forward . I do n't know why people are having so much problems with the software . It may be because they are using Windows instead of OS X.Although it is easier to look an article up in the book version of the encyclopedia , it is a lot more economical to buy it on dvd . You receive 3 volumes of encyclopedias , a dictionary , a thesaurus , atlases , quick time movies and much more ... , plus you can download updates . You ca n't do that with the print version .
 This is a great resource for students and adults alike and I heartily recommend it . And despite Amazon 's splash page display on this , it will run on a Macintosh . It thinks it 's odd that you have to burrow into the site to discover it is Mac capable .
 While I agree with some of the comments regarding the interface - it seems clear to me -LRB- having seen most of the past versions -RRB- that Britannica finally decided to depart from the flashy , but ineffective and time wasting interface that has been driven by Microsoft and poorly copied by everyone else for years.It is very easy to get to whatever you are looking for in Britannica and more importantly the information is comprehensive and trusted . There are different age levels and libraries that allow this to work for a much wider age group than others.I agree with the reviewer that says - If you want flash without substance than Encarta or others will do - if you want trusted , comprehensive content in a good -LRB- if not flashy -RRB- interface than Britannica is the one - without question - to go with.I am looking forward to the second version -LRB- 2004 -RRB- of this new interface nad direction Britannica has taken and anticipate great improvments in all areas .
 The game delivered exactly what it promised . The games are very cute and fun -- especially the one where you can create your own printable scenes ! 5/5 !
 My kid likes it ... ` nuf said.It works on my older PC -LRB- 866 Mhz , Windows XP , all stock , nothing special -RRB- ... does not need a graphic accelerator 3D card -LRB- like many other programs these days -RRB- . GMB
 This is a really fun game . I had the game once but my daughter and I lost the CD . It was very hard to find . I was happy to find one on your website .
 The best way to learn a language is to figure it out for yourself with a little guidance from an expert -LRB- think about it ... that 's exactly what your parents did for you when you were a baby -RRB- . This program does just that ... you figure out what words go with what pictures and then you start deriving other words by figuring out what logically fits with what else . As you learn more , the `` puzzle '' becomes more complex , but because you are now educated in the language , it does n't seem any more complex . It is just a natural progression that will have you speaking the language quite well within six months , provided that you practice everyday .
 Figured I 'd submit a review since there are none here yet ... I am new to using these sorts of programs . For all my design work at home I have in the past been forced to use very ghetto programs , so this is a great upgrade . And the price is certainly right . I 've used it only on a couple projects so far , in combo with the MacAlly IceCad . The program is great and does what I need it do to . I am very happy that it has decent text editing capabilities , since I do a lot of logo work . And the ` convert to bezier ' and ` convert to outline ' options have proven very useful . Not to mention it loads at light-speed . I 'll have to get back and update when I 've been able to play around more -LRB- but there is plenty of buzz about this program on the web ! -RRB- . So my verdict
 This is probably one of the best software products I 've ever seen for the creative artist or business person . I had been trying the 30 day free trial and after a week , I had created so many logos and animated characters for my business that I could n't wait to get the whole program . I 've been able to use it in conjunction with other programs like Comic Life and even word processing programs . This program is one of the reasons I am always trying to sell my friends on Mac and why I will never use anything else . There is nothing that even comes close to this program for ease of use , adaptability and creative potential . And I can say this now that I have the program , but at twice the price , it would still be cheap for what you get . I suggest you go to their website and download the trial version first . I think you 'll see what I 'm saying is true .
 I 'm sure there are more feature rich drawing programs but I just wanted one that would allow me to manipulate text for a simple website logo and to build some texty gifs . This program was cheap and did the job though it has a couple of quirks , which you could file under mildly irritating rather than very annoying .
 `` So you are going to buy a Mac ? '' `` Yah . I love the way they work and the software tends to be intuitive . '' `` I agree , but my wife wants a graphics product and unless she is willing to buy Adobe , there is n't anything that does the job . `` That is where I started when I bought a new iMac for my medical office . I wanted to use the machine to create some graphics and use it to run the business . I expected that the graphics would n't be a problem , but a medical office -- hmmmm.Surprisingly the business was no problem , but graphics ? Think again.Cash solves any problem , but I was trying to be frugal . Adobe , wow ! Price , wow ! What about the amateur ? Well , a little research yielded LineForm . It did almost everything I needed and for the most part it was and is the application I need.My only issue with the program is that I do n't spend all my time creating computer graphics , so I do n't commit to memory all the nuances of the software . Given ample time , I do n't think LineForm would present any challenge in its interface design , but I get to it only occasionally . The power is definitely there , yet a `` parttimer '' does n't have the flow at their fingertips . Normally I would go to the software help menu to answer a question about an operation , but LineForm is supported by only a meager 37 page pamphlet . A more robust discussion of the product 's features still eludes me . I can use it for most of my simple needs , but the higher functions are a bit difficult to glean from trial and error alone.I expect LineForm could be everything I need and more , at a very reasonable price , if only I did n't also have to learn cryptography .
 This program is easy to use for anyone who has used at least one drawing program in the past . The manual gives you alot of great tips and explains ALL the features . You can export into all general formats which makes your art very portable . If they had included tutorials for each of the tools , I would have given it 5 stars .
 I recently bought this after buying and trying just about every other Hebrew software that Amazon sells . I have only used it a short while but can already tell that it is the right tool for the job . The one caveat is that a person could not buy this tool with no Hebrew background and expect to learn Hebrew . I highly recommend taking a 1 year course somewhere , like at a seminary , where you can learn grammar and basic Hebrew and then use this tool to learn spoken , modern Hebrew .
 Even better than expected . If you have base experience with the language you are trying to learn , it is even better .
 Rosetta Stone Hebrew is a bit expensive , but it is the best instant immersion program I 've found . I 've spent as much , total , in a ton of cheaper programs . This one is good . It 's visual and verbal together.It has so many varieties in it 's visuals that I actually learned the material not just memorized the correct answer .
 We bought Rosetta Stone Hebrew and Spanish to teach our daughters -LRB- 1st and 5th grades -RRB- . It can be used to learn in different ways , e.g. reading hebrew and/or writing hebrew and/or understanding spoken hebrew and/or speaking hebrew.Strengths
 My 8-year-old granddaughters love creating and animating animals with this software . They combine animals at will -LRB- frog + gorilla = frogilla . -RRB- They have only skimmed the possibilities available in this program , so suspect this will be a computer activity that they wo n't outgrow . There is a tutorial and they needed it . It was kid friendly and very helpful .
 my kids are younger and while they were very impressed with the on-line tutorial - it will be awhile until they are able to navigate it on their own . For the price , the program is pretty impressive . We look forward to learning - definitely for older kids . Younger kids will get similar fun out of Kid Pix
 Love the 3D graphic animation program . Teaches children 3d graphics and animation . The plus buying from Amazon was great savings . Amazon has been helpful in the past and offers great products . If something goes wrong either with shipping or a produce problem they are there to help I have never had to chase them . I will always be a customer because it is a caring safe company . Thank you Amazon Darlene Ann Madjerich
 Excellent product ! My 12 year old daughter loves it , and has used it to design many interesting objects . The delivery service is also super . I received the order within a week in the Christmas time for a regular shipping fare .
 My kids love Cosmic Blobs!It 's fun and it makes a great gift .
 This product was highly recommended for our grandson by his older brother ; it will help him enter high school next fall .
 Chess Assistant 8.1 is a chess program and game database combined . A recent review by FIDE MASTER ERIC SCHILLER -LRB- www.chesscity.com -RRB- said Chess Assistant 's the `` Best Chess Software for Rapid Improvement '' . -LSB- quoting SCHILLER 'S REVIEW -RSB- `` There are two popular full-featured chess processors , Chess Assistant and Chess Base . I 've used both of these programs for many years . In the past , I have split my recommendations depending on the level of play , but recent additions to Chess Assistant make it hands down the better choice for all chessplayers . `` Myself , I 'm just now returning to chess , so I 'm starting out with both ChessAssistant and Fritz9 -LRB- Chessbase -RRB- . Both Fritz and ChessAssistant are different products with a different emphasis . Fritz has a large number of complementary training videos , but all of them require at least Fritz8 to run . Here in the States there 's http://chessbaseusa.sectorlink.org -LRB- USA -RRB- , otherwise www.chessbase.comBut ChessAssistant not only includes -LRB- game -RRB- database management with their product , but ChessAssistant is working to be known as `` EVERYTHING ANYONE WOULD WANT '' IN A SINGLE PACKAGE.It 's written by CONVEKTA , who 's also responsible for producing many of the CHESS-PLAYABLE TRAINING CD 's on the market . You can go to their STORE at www.chessassistant.com or www.convekta.com and browse their selection . They are always adding to their collection as they have working arrangements with Chess Masters on developing new products - individual CD 's or volume 1234 collections.All of Convekta 's products are listed on Amazon.com as either Convekta or ChessCentral . Some of the training CD 's include
 If you 're reading this . You are interested in buying Dragon NaturallySpeaking version eight if you are . I highly recommend it ! I had versions of Dragon software , dating back to 1995 . Let me tell you the software was clunky back then , being a quadriplegic , I used it to type and move the mouse . But as soon as I got a touchpad mouse . I dropped Dragon altogether . Step forward almost 10 years , I decided that I needed to send longer e-mails than two sentences -LRB- because that 's all I could type , it gets tiring using only one hand and one knuckle on that hand -RRB- . So I took the plunge drop the cash on Dragon , and after three days am totally satisfied.I added up and running and dictating in less than 20 minutes . The accuracy is amazing I 'm actually typing this by voice . Since I can use a touchpad , I do not use the Dragon NaturallySpeaking for mouse commands . But for dictating it is perfect and quick !!! I 'm using it with a 2 GHz processor , and it is fine . Getting it set up was a little quirky with my Sound Blaster Audigy 2 ZS . I 'm actually using it with a tabletop condenser microphone , not the heads that they came with it -LRB- which I found to be quite uncomfortable -RRB- . Since I 'm unable to get the headset on my head , but a tabletop mike is working perfect.So I recommend this product anyone who has a disability that makes typing difficult . Anybody who does n't want to learn to type -LRB- though I think he would be lazy , just suck it up and learn -RRB- . The software is leaps and bounds above previous versions go for it ! Enjoy !
 I am relearning French and my family is learning it for the first time in preparation for a trip to France . We all love this product and find it easy to use and that the learning curve is very fast .
 We bought this as a birthday present for our precocious 5-year-old . She has been teaching herself French and a few other languages . It is clear and easy enough for her to use on her own -LRB- although we do n't allow her to use the computer unsupervised -RRB- . I have tried it and it is challenging for me , too , even though i know a tiny bit of French . I would recommend it for people of any age .
 I absolutely loved this . Installation was a breeze , and I could get started right away . My favorite part about the program was the voice comparison . It really made sure you were speaking with the correct pronunciation ! The program speeds up memorization . If you have the time , you can learn French VERY quickly . This is perfect if you 're planning a trip soon .
 If you 're reading this . You are interested in buying Dragon NaturallySpeaking version eight if you are . I highly recommend it ! I had versions of Dragon software , dating back to 1995 . Let me tell you the software was clunky back then , being a quadriplegic , I used it to type and move the mouse . But as soon as I got a touchpad mouse . I dropped Dragon altogether . Step forward almost 10 years , I decided that I needed to send longer e-mails than two sentences -LRB- because that 's all I could type , it gets tiring using only one hand and one knuckle on that hand -RRB- . So I took the plunge drop the cash on Dragon , and after three days am totally satisfied.I added up and running and dictating in less than 20 minutes . The accuracy is amazing I 'm actually typing this by voice . Since I can use a touchpad , I do not use the Dragon NaturallySpeaking for mouse commands . But for dictating it is perfect and quick !!! I 'm using it with a 2 GHz processor , and it is fine . Getting it set up was a little quirky with my Sound Blaster Audigy 2 ZS . I 'm actually using it with a tabletop condenser microphone , not the heads that they came with it -LRB- which I found to be quite uncomfortable -RRB- . Since I 'm unable to get the headset on my head , but a tabletop mike is working perfect.So I recommend this product anyone who has a disability that makes typing difficult . Anybody who does n't want to learn to type -LRB- though I think he would be lazy , just suck it up and learn -RRB- . The software is leaps and bounds above previous versions go for it ! Enjoy !
 Voice recognition software has come a long way . I began by trying the voice recognition engine in XP Professional , but was not pleased with the accuracy . Dragon has it together . It works . This version has definitely improved upon previous ones . They obviously have the engineering staff to do the job.The most important aspect of accuracy is careful pronunciation . You do not realize how imprecise your words are in the everyday conversation until you use voice recognition software.Dragons can be fearsome , but not this one .
 Search Amazon on `` NaturallySpeaking '' and you will find version 9 is now available . Why buy version 8 ?
 Even though this item is from 2002 , I find that the info is still very current . Owning this software also gives you access to a website where more current info & free updates are available for download , so I do n't even notice that it 's from 2002 . I 've found that with this software , you can : - Search restaurant features by cuisine , price , service , decor , location , etc. . No more agonizing over where to go eat ! - Customize a personal restaurant list . Once you get it set up , you 'll like this part ! - Record reservation details into your Date Book . Makes it easy ! - Install any of the 33 guides individually as you need them . I like only having on my Palm what I need and nothing that I do n't . Plus this software does n't take up much room to begin with.-You get accurate and honest consumer-based reviews . It contains the same extensive info as the tall , skinny , burgandy-colored guides , but is much easier to navigate.It also supports removable Palm OS memory cards and gives you the ability to beam restaurnat details to another handheld . This is great for when making dinner/lunch plans with others.I use it for choosing restaurants for the family and for when entertaining friends . My husband uses his for scheduling business lunches with clients . They all think we 're `` in-the-know '' with the best restaurants , but it 's really just us using this software . Do n't give our secret away !
 These software titles are great ... very educational and fun , and the kids love them !! It works just fine on Windows XP . . you just have to know how to work a computer !
 It is amazing to think of what all a student can learn and do with this piece of software . I have used this program with students with and without disabilities , integrated it into a History/Social Studies Unit where students travel around the world and learn about different cultures . Students learn how to think ahead , can play the computer , or can play against another student . There are different difficulty levels , that I found myself as an adult being challenged . I found this to be fun and engaging , and a great way to get kids thinking !
 This software has been good for kids and also for adults with disabilities . There is a good help section , a way to play with himts and it can get pretty hard if you do well . Not a lot of reading , so it works for those who might not be strong readers , but want a strategy challenge ! Works well with either Mac or Win
 Highly recommended program from research I did on the net . It 's fast on the Mac and easy to install and update . I had n't had an antivirus program on my Mac for about a year and still did n't come up with anything . But want to make sure and also prevent myself from sending potential virus ' to PC 's . Great product , highly recommended .
 Wait for VirusBarrier X5 it will be available 21 JAN 08I downloaded and installed the 30 Day Trial Version prior to my order of VirusBarrier X4 . I 'm glad the fully operational version is on the way and will be here before the trial expires . Four email PC viruses have already been detected . I wo n't be forwarding these to my PC friends .
 We have bought several CD packs for our 3 yr old daughter including
 I purchased this package two years ago when my oldest son was almost 4 years old . He seldom played with Little Bear , liked the computer adventure with Arthur , but loved Dr. Seuss . This CD ROM alone has been paid for over and over . The features that are great for the children not only include the 7 areas of play -LRB- sequencing , measuring , matching , alphabet , spelling , grouping , and math ... . plus other little things to do along the way -RRB- , but the ability to change the level of difficulty within each area . There are 3 levels of difficulty for each area that allow the child to master a level then challenge themselves to the next level of difficulty . It is easy to move up or down a level during the game.Follow along with your child so you know what they mean when they tell you they like `` the Star Belly Sneeches '' or `` the Rumble Tub '' , and `` Truffula Fruits '' the best . The Dr. Seuss vernacular is another one of those things that makes this game unique.We own about 15 childrens ' CD-Roms and this one is by far the favorite . It is fun for the children while the parents feel like they are actually learning something . Our oldest child is on the verge of out growning it -LRB- 6 years -RRB- , but our second child , age 3 , is right there to take his place .
 These are not my four-year-old daughter 's favorite programs but she does choose them occasionally from her CD-ROM album . The graphics are not cutting edge crisp but are still good by 2003 standards . Parents should love the Dr. Seuss as it brought back a lot of nostalgia for me . My daughter 's first book to read on her own was Green Eggs & Ham so it 's fun for her to see Dr. Seuss on computer too . All three games are highly educational and a good value sold together . It seems the `` Little Bear '' title is much easier than the other two .
 I took 3 yrs in High School and 2 semesters in College and I find this tool to be excellent when it comes to learning and brushing up on Spanish . The audio quality is based on your speakers and sound card installed on your PC not the application . If you are learning for the first time , you should start with the BASIC section and stay there for at least a month . If you try to jump ahead you wo n't be successful . If your native tongue is not English you 'll probably have greater difficulty because this application leans towards English speaker to Spanish . As for the organization the opening screen is Pronunciation , then the Basic Course , Extended Courses , Internet Lessons then Cultural Movies . Where 's the confusion . Once you go into the Basic Course , other options are given , including Games which is the only component I felt could using some improvement.This applications works in both Windows 98 SE and Windows XP . Make sure you download and install all the patches for your Operating System ... As well as install the latest versions of DirectX free from Microsoft and QuickTime .
 The Kratt Brothers have a fantastic teaching friend in Zoboo ! This product lives up to it 's billing and the other reviewers . My son and I share an old MAC G3 and the graphics via Quick Time are gorgeous ! The games are at perfectly matched to the attention span of their target audience - 3 - 6 + . We found this deeply discounted ... My 5 year old and I are very impressed . No crashing problems to report . EXCELLENT
 Zoboomafoo is an educational Windows/Macintosh CD-ROM computer software for children ages 3 through 6 , featuring Zoboo and his animal friends from the Emmy award-winning children 's television series Animal Junction . Mind-testing puzzles and colorful presentations teach young people about a wide variety of creatures and their habitats . Zoboomafoo also educates young users about number recognition , counting , early phonics , logical reasoning , and more . A creature fact book is included in this enjoyable , instructive , and highly recommended software for both homeschool , preschool , kindergarten , and daycare center collections and curriculum supplementation .
 Little Zoboo fans rejoice ! This entertaining software is stable , charming and fun . Multiple cut scenes feature the Kratt Brothers and Zoboomafoo 's friends in Zoboo-Land , as kids click on objects scattered around Animal Junction . With two exceptions the eight activities are age-appropriate and well-implemented , with three skill levels in coloring , mazes , matching , object identification , counting , bubble popping and pattern match ; the latter two games are unnecessarily difficult and confusing , but kids can get through them by clicking away randomly . Also included is a virtual tape recorder with mini-films and factoids about a number of animals . Well done.We 're running the game on an iMac and have had no problems with installation or crashes.Note
 Even better than the Alphabet . I bought this product as soon as I could since my 4 yr old loved the first one ! He is playing it as I write this review . The Quest is the Best !
 I got this game for my 4 year old for christmas . She loves the T.V. program and learning about animals , so I figured it would be a hit with her , and it was . She loves playing it and trying to find all the puzzle pieces to find the treasure . Kids learn about some animals and their habitatis , numbers and patterns . You have to look for hidden treasure and there are 3 levels of play on the games . My daughter loved it first off simply because it contains the whole Zoboomafoo theme song ! She runs it on her iMac . Only one little problem , it occasionally locks up when left unattended for a pretty long period of time , and the game is left running .
 My 3 year old daughter and I both love this software ! She still needs some help with the mouse , so I have to play with her , and this is the only software we have that I do n't mind playing after a few minutes ! She 's not so interested yet in the animal facts , but I like them !
 This is one really cool game.You have to find 8 puzzle peaces to win.There are games such as counting coyotes and spot the difference.Not everything you click on has a game to play.Some have the treasure , some say things , and others show you animals.There are 4 different prizes .
 All I was looking for was a simple CAD program to lay out floor plans , etc. but at the price for this product I thought `` What the heck '' and ordered it . What a bargain ! It arrived promptly and has been fun using some of the more advanced features I did n't know I needed .
 TurboCAD ver14 is very easy to load and use on Windows Vista . Other versions caused errors but this is truly compatible . Great product for light drawing in any category .
 I am a retired draftsman w/over 30 years experience . My first cad program in 1985 -LRB- Auto Graph -RRB- was wonderful . This TC program is used to occupy my time in bad weather -- helping others -- I am 83 now . I have experience with Versa Cad & Auto Cad also . My first TC program was v3 . This is an excellent program for beginners and advanced users depending on their needs . 5 stars for my entertainment . TC was shipped in 24 hours -- THANKS Amazon .
 TurboCAD Deluxe 14 is well worth the $ 14.00 I paid for it.It does quite a lot , from 2D to limited 3D work with steady perspective views and nice rendering ability . I think its a great starter or hobbyist package , if you require more power you 'll need to go to TC 14 Pro.I would recommend this product to anybody looking to get into CAD at a great price .
 If you used a Computer CAD program then you will probably do ok . If not this program has a steep learning curve . It came with a training cd , too little information for me . I sent & got the training books for this cad program instead , which I will read when I get the time . If you know cad that helps but if you do n't you got some learning to do .
 I ordered TurboCAD Deluxe V14 -LRB- for Windows -RRB- because my family and I needed a good drawing program that could calculate things like area and angle and that did n't cost the earth . I had used AutoCAD about 10 years ago and knew that it had those capabilities , but I was reluctant to pay the hundreds of dollars required for just AutoCAD LT. Fortunately , TurboCAD Deluxe 14 does all that I need and more , and for a very reasonable price.TurboCAD Deluxe 14 has a very smooth and quick installation . As with most programs this size , the user is allowed to choose a minimum -LRB- 2-D tools only -RRB- , standard , full , or custom install . A full install includes a software development kit for more custom applications.Also available with the installation is a separate building materials scheduler for architects and builders who want to quickly produce a quote for a project . This program is included on the TurboCAD Deluxe 14 CD.There are two more CDs that come with the package . One is a very comprehensive TurboCAD tutorial , which starts from the very basics -LRB- how to set your screen for 1024x768 resolution -RRB- , and goes through all the standard CAD drawing features -LRB- layers , snaps , grids , dimensioning , etc. -RRB- and into more advanced topics like custom templates . The other CD is a library of common CAD symbols.TurboCAD Deluxe 14 itself is very nice to use . The interface is about as configurable as you can imagine , with standard toolbars that can be moved all around the screen , docked at the sides , minimized , or whatever else you want , and the ability to create custom toolbars . All the standard CAD tools are available , such as layers , multiple types of snaps , dimensions and standard units , different types of lines and line thicknesses , creation of standard polygons , different ways of drawing circles and arcs , etc. . Symbols for all these tools are pretty intuitive . I have n't tried the 3-D modeling options yet , but I 'm expecting they will be as easy to use as the 2-D tools.IMSI , the company which makes TurboCAD , offers additional add-ons and plug-ins , as well as a user 's forum and a blog on current issues.All in all , I am quite happy with this program , and I look forward to exploring its possibilities .
 I learned CAD via AutoCADR9 and got disgusted with AutoDesk by ACADR13.TurboCAD was a pleasant substitute . The major drawback was a steep learning curve to get acquainted with TCAD , as its formalism is very different from ACAD.Installation is typical , with a registration step required within thirty days on insertion onto your hard drive . One note for CAD beginners
 To me the main criteria of any software product is how intuitive it is . This product falls in the top category . I was up and running fast and producing drawings . I am now assimulating the finer points to be more productive .
 As a hobbyist who is interested in home design and construction I have been using CAD software since the days of DOS.For many years I had used QuickCAD from Autodesk , the makers of AutoCAD but when I moved to Vista -LRB- probably a mistake -RRB- I was forced to find an alternative CAD program as Autodesk apparently no longer offers low end drafting software.I first tried ViaCAD from Punch and found that it was simply not to my liking . Kudos to Punch for promptly honoring their 90 day money back guarantee.So I ordered TurboCAD with fairly low expectations and was pleasantly surprised . Kudos here also to Amazon . Somehow I accidentally ordered two copies . When I contacted Amazon , they said simply refuse shipment on the second order and we 'll issue a refund . I did and they did.With any drafting software , it takes a while to get a sense of what you are trying to accomplish and how to best go about it . I had a bit of difficulty switching from the QuickCAD paradigm to TurboCAD 's but I 'm happy that I made the switch.The one frustration I have with TurboCAD Deluxe us that many of the features found in TurboCAD Pro are not available . Two that I have found missing that cause frustration are the inability to import an image and the inability to modify a line style or a cross hatch style.IMSI does give you several line and crosshatch styles but I find that I need more dense -LRB- closer together dashes etc -RRB- styles to accurately represent my ideas.In general , the ability to snap to a variety of objects or positions on objects is very good as is the ability to modify objects by trimming , etc.I 've yet to learn how to position construction lines accurately and I miss the ability to trim to the extent of a non-adjoining line.I would like to see IMSI re-think their choice of what is and is not available in Turbo Cad Deluxe , or to offer Turbo-CAD pro at a more reasonable price for non-commercial use , but all in all I think that TurboCAD provides one heck of a lot for a very reasonable price.Highly recommended if you do n't mind a fairly steep learning curve -LRB- as with any decent CAD pakage -RRB- .
 I am probably under using the product . I just needed a tool for making simple mechanical drawings for the projects I do . For that , I have found it is very easy and straight forward to use . I did a sample drawing -LRB- an orthographic -RRB- , dimensioned it , and printed it in about 10 minutes of trial and error poking around . While doing this , I noticed no ill mannered behavior . Seems to work completely as advertised . Ran the program on both XP-SP3 and Vista SP1.-Jim
 I have used a cheaper and easier to use CAD program for years . I needed to load it on a new laptop and found that it been scratched . I needed to purchase a new CAD program and found Trubo CAD 14 . Do n't be fooled ... this is a hard program to learn . But it does so much more than what I was used to using . It comes with a pretty good tutorial CD -LRB- several hours -RRB- . After watching about a third of the tutorial CD I was able to draw , in detail , plans for a new backyard BBQ bar area for my contractor and it came out pretty good if I do say so myself . If you need a CAD program and have the time and mind to learn this program ... you 'll love it !!!
 When I worked as a building and structures supervisor , I had use of AutoCad program costing $ 1200 . I have since retired and missed the hands on design and developement at my computer . TurboCad has reconnected my creativity with all the bells and whistles as AutoCad had , for $ 15 . Ca n't beat it!RespectfullyScott swager
 If you ca n't afford AutoCAD , this is the software for you . It does all I need and it 's very affordable !
 I ordered this particular version because my computer did not have a dvd drive , and it was n't necessary . I have had two earlier versions of turbocad over the past 12 or 15 years . I use it mostly for personal cad work and some light home design . This program has many nice features and I was surprised that it was even easier to use than the old versions .
 Fun games for young children to play . Teaches listening skill , early music skills along with learning about patterns .
 All of the Thinkin ' Things programs make childdren think . Just what I needed .
 my 4 year old , a little computor wizzard , is always looking for software programs that he can learn things from . he loves knowing about all the different places around the world and where they are . we used to use maps and tell stories . he was so excited with this new world explorer that he would not stop to eat , then i had a hard time getting him to bed . he kept saying do you know about this place and that place and telling me all about it.i am really glad to find this for him . i like the educational value and the fun . i know he is learning and not just playing a non productive game to pass time.this world explorer deluxe is top on my list for him and i do recommend it highly . mona campbell
 My soon-to-be 5-year-old has mastered the whereabouts of the continents , countries and oceans in just one week ! There are 3 challenging levels of play -LRB- and trust me , the 3rd level is plenty challenging for adults ! -RRB- . For a younger child , it is perfect . An older child -LRB- say 8 or 9 who has already mastered maps and globes -RRB- may hunger for more information than is given , like culture , languages , currency , rivers , etc. .
 No Mac user can afford to be without this program . It has some improvements ; fixed lots of stuff .
 I was getting a message about a failed b-tree node and disk utilities from the OS could n't rebuild it . My hard drive was crashing . Disk Warrior was able to save my data . As another person wrote , every mac user should keep this around .
 I got this because my hard drive had an error that TechTool Pro was n't able to fix . I put in DiskWarrior and within an hour it was done fixing my drive , and my drive was working better than ever . It works great , though I think the price is a little high . It should include more utilities for how much it costs ... or TechTool should license the software to include in their program . There 's no reason this should be a separate program .
 My daughter has an ibook running Panther 10.3 X and it was slowing up and Norton Utilities for MAc could n't resolve the issues it saw . There was no place to go with Norton as they had pretty much orphaned the Mac Utilities at that point.I read the reviews on Disk Warrior 4 and it seemed to have all pleased with it 's performance.I ordered it , opened it up - put it in the drive and booted thru , and it was rather simple-almost too simple , not many options but it did what it had to do and the machine seemed to run faster - then I pulled the 256 ram from under the keyboard and put in a 1GB stick -LRB- an initial 256MB is embedded on the motherboard -RRB- for a total of 1.256 of ram - now its back to performing.Yep , Disk Warrior 4 was worth the 100 or so I paid for it .
 WORKS WONDERS ON THE DIRECTORY REBUILD.ONLY SHORT COMING SO FAR IS PROBLEMS RE-MOUNTING ONE DRIVE OF 7WORKED ON , PROBLEM NOT FIXED HAD TO RE-INSTALL OS X 10.5
 The hard drive on my Mac Powerbook died and the Mac techs could n't do anything . Thousands of songs , hundreds of photos , my graduate thesis and four years of work were trapped on the broken disc . Simply put , Disk Warrior saved me . It easily allows you to gain access to files on damaged computers and move them safely onto external storage . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Ca n't do without DiskWarrior for Mac hard drive problems . This has been a great piece of Mac software for years .
 Great recovery tool for mac computers . Recovers data by creating a disc image file of the erased disc . More reliable with complete recovery without effecting individual files . Slick .
 Yes This is verson 4 for those of you who are wondering ... This product works great !!!
 This is a very good product that I have owned for several years and have the current update . It will generally fix your mac when other products like disk utility can not . I have a couple of things worth mentioning though that keep me from giving it five stars . First of all it is slower than molasses in January . You can boot from it wait several minutes before the program starts then when it begins to rebuild the drive you might as well take a long nap . I have an aluminum imac running leopard . Now the upgrade works with this especially after you download the latest updater but with a 250 gb hard drive it takes at least three hours to rebuild the drive . The first time this happened i called Diskwarrior and spoke to a tech support who told me not to be in a hurry . I explained that the line was not moving across the screen , which indicates how far the rebuild has proceeded . He was rather rude to me and told me that no matter how long it takes that 's how long it takes . So my recommendation is to run it before you go to bed at night and it will have the drive rebuilt in the morning . I would also recommend that their tech support take classes in how to talk to frustrated computer customers who are not used to waiting a long time for a product to work .
 Disk Warrior was able to recover the majority of my Macbook Hard Drive . With all the files on my computer it seems my directory structure was extremely corrupted after two years.After one pass of the program I tried to rebuild the Mac Drive on the internal disk but it was so corrupted it did n't work . Next , I went out and bought an External hard disk but it was not formatted for mac so disk warrior would not copy the files to the non-formatted disk.So , again it took five hours to rebuild a disk image , but this time I came ready with a Mac formatted external drive . The transfer of the files worked and I got all the data off the internal Macbook drive.I found out a few days later that the disk had finally failed so it looks like disk warrior got the data out just in time.Great product .
 I have used older versions of DiskWarrior but after upgrading to my MacBook thought I did n't need it anymore . I tried using Disk Utility to fix my internal drive but got a `` Keys out of order '' message and a message that the drive could not be repaired . A quick trip to the Apple store to pick up DiskWarrior and an hour later I had fixed my internal drive and my Time Machine drive.Pros - Fixed two drives that Disk Utility could not and saved me many hours of reinstalling OS , files , apps , etc.Cons - Upgrade from Alsoft takes 3 to 4 weeks to receive your CD -LRB- i.e. purchase before you need it or add $ 50 to the cost of your upgrade -RRB- Must reboot your machine running Leopard into Tiger using the CDRebooting with the CD takes 10 + minutesDuring repair it can appear that nothing is happening for 10 + minutes yet it is still working ... be patient and go get lunch or coffee
 I bought this due to disk damage that my other utilities programs could not fix . The installation was a bit problematic , but after struggling through it I was able to save my disk . -LRB- There was much rejoicing . -RRB- I have since used it again and again with good results . However -LRB- as has been noted -RRB- , if you are using OS 10.5 Leopard on an Intel MacBook Pro , as I am , you had better have another FW drive you can boot from with the program installed . Booting from the CD to repair a drive was unsuccessful . That is the reason for only 4 stars . Not a big deal if you have another external drive , though . This program is the best drive repair utility I have found . -LRB- Note
 My Mac was n't dead so I ca n't comment on DW 's ability to completely restore things . But my MacPro was having a severe case of the spinning ball and nothing would get rid of it . The messages in Disk Utility , Activity Monitor and the Console were so obscure they could have been written by Bill Gates . I tried DriveGenius , which supposedly , Apple uses at their Genius Bar . DriveGenius = Bupkis , at least for this problem . Next came iDefrag . This was a long shot and speaking of long it took 8 hours . Whatever my Mac 's problem was , it was n't fragmentation . That said , very high marks to Cariolis tech service who examined the messages in the Console and pointed out some potential problems.Finally , there was Disk Warrior . After the 8 hour defrag , DW 's 5 minute procedure was a bit of a surprise but a nice one . If I had to fault DW , like all these fix-up/clean-up programs , at some point you are presented with a list and told `` examine these carefully to make sure you do not delete any vital items '' . Of course , if you knew what every item was , you would n't need the utility or even have the problem , but I digress . I accepted DW 's new directory and the spinning ball , while not gone , was greatly diminished . From then on things just got better . I 'm not sure of DW 's role in this but over the next few days the spinning ball decreased and ultimately went away entirely ! Was this all DW 's work ? We will never know . But when it came to fixing the problem it got the ball rolling , so to speak .
 Recently , on my 2TB LaCie 2Big Triple Interface which was set to RAID 0 , one of the hard drive LED 's turned solid red.I ran Mac OS 10.5.8 Disk Utility hoping to fix the problem , but it would just keep saying things like `` keys out of order '' . I emailed LaCie tech support , and they advised me to set the 2Big Triple to JBOD -LRB- Just a Bunch of Drives -RRB- mode . Basically , we did a bunch of trouble-shooting . The support guy said `` If you have two separate individual drives showing up on the switch to JBOD , that is a positive indicator that the hardware for both the 2Big and the drives themselves is reporting properly . `` And then he said `` I apologize , I do not have any recommendations that are going to assist with data recovery . If you are in a data recovery situation , then I advise the following . There is some do-it-yourself 3rd party software I can suggest , called Data Rescue ... ... We are not allowed to go any further with that software than suggesting it . And if the software turns out to not work the only other advice I have is to look to a professional recovery service . LaCie does not have any data recovery capability or liability . `` Anyway , by this time , I had already ordered DiskWarrior so I tried it out.Well , to make a long story short , it worked ! DiskWarrior fixed the stupid `` Keys Out of Order '' problem and my 2Big Triple is back in working order ! '' . I highly recommend this product to anybody who has any important data on their hard drive ! That , and I recommend backing up your data on a regular basis as well .
 I work with a LOT of machines and this software has saved a number of people 's behinds when their drives got corrupted or began to fail . -LRB- It makes me look good too -RRB- There 's now a downloadable update to version 4.4 to make the program run properly in Lion.If you work with a lot of macs , GET THIS . It works on disk images , will help even when a file system check wo n't , and I 've also used it to recover files from drives that were failing and badly clicking .
 It 's a crime that Mac 's own Disk Utility lacks the capabilities of Disk Warrior . I 've DESTROYED data with Mac 's native Disk Utility in an attempt to repair volumes . Disk Warrior has always come through . I figured I owed them this review .
 I had a true Kernal Panic . I go to turn on my computer and enjoy a show I 'd downloaded 5 minutes prior . I went to turn on my computer and it requested to be restarted then & everytime I turned it on after that . Disk utility reported B-node failures and could not repair disk . I tried target mode to transfer to a friends computer and still nothing because the the disk would not mount . Did I mention I 'm deployed?I thought my computer would become an expensive and gorgeous paperweight . I changed out the HD and put the old one into an enclosure . I ran diskwarrior with high hopes . Though my old HD would n't mount on the desktop , it was seen by diskwarrior . I had many `` progress slowed by disk malfunction XXXX '' . I had so many in fact that it took diskwarrior 3 days to give me a preview . I 'm not taking away a star because of that . I 'm happy to have my pictures from the last 3 years taken in at least 4 countries and full of so many memories . 40 GB of movies and music ... need I go on?If you have problems please take a look at thier knowledge database many of my questions were answered there , some still needed clarification by Alsoft . Also do n't forget ... when you get your preview look in all the user folders so that you do n't leave anything behind ! My HD is failing so Alsoft told me to be sure to be `` gentle '' with it when transerring . I guess that means to transfer small files ? I know many of us with Macs are pretty much spoiled by Apple Customer Service . Alsoft DOES provide adequate customer service , but almost no one is as good as Apple , so do n't hold it against them . I am very happy with DiskWarrior AND Alsoft .
 Disk warrior was able to fix my dying hd which gave me enough time to recover my important files . highly recommend it
 This diskwarrior Is one of the BEST Items out there !!! It does all that Is says It can.I love It . . It has save my MAC from crashing and save all of my information . . Thank 's again for an all around GOOD product ... The Gman !!!
 If my computing functions are all that elaborate to really see it 's benefits -LRB- I do n't know -RRB- - so all I can say is - I think it works , my computer seems to run a little faster after a scan -LRB- CERTAINLY not worse -RRB- . And I have exterior hard drive 's that I have scanned too . But like I said , I 'm not that complicated of a computer user -LRB- yet -RRB- - meaning just a few files on the exterior 's . So in closing , it get 's high marks on this site and CNET and from people -LRB- I 'm sure -RRB- who do a lot more complex computing than I do , not to mention , it 's good to have something that dose what it say 's it dose , so I bought it ...
 DiskWarrior keeps my hard drives running smoothly and prevents potential problems . I highly reccomend it .
 Alsoft DiskWarrior 4.0
 Good stuff . Took two tries and my MacPro is working like a charm . Sorry that it costs so much .
 My external hard drive had a corrupted super block and the software fixed the problem very quickly . I was able to get at all my personal photos and movies again . It was also surprising to find the software supported an older version of OS X.
 Upgraded from Leopard to Snow Leopard ... only to find that somehow , my HD appeared to be corrupted . iMac was crashing every 15 minutes and needed to be turned off and back on manually . Disk Utility could not fix it . Someone had recommended Disk Warrior . . I ran it yesterday , according to the instructions . My computer is running like brand new!I 100 % recommend this program for anyone that owns a Mac .
 I got the gray screen , spinning gear , invalid node , exited with signal 8 , could n't do anything . Applecare told me to take it to the `` genius '' bar . They said it was dead and would install new hard drive . Being a natural skeptic I asked for the old drive back when they were done . During the 2 weeks it took to get it back I researched and bought DiskWarrior and a drive dock . DiskWarrior fixed it in 10 minutes . Amazing . It is worth every penny ! I do n't know why applecare does n't give us this instead of the useless utility it does . DiskWarrior is amazing ! Saved everything AND fixed drive . All Mac owners should have a copy . And Alsoft 's tech support is wonderful as well , they respond right away and are very helpful .
 My disk crashed - a rarity in my Mac experience . Tech Tools failed to repair the disk . Disk Warrior succeeded . I have my computer back . What else needs to be said ?
 I too am an Apple tech . and have used this software numerous times to fix problems that Disk First Aid can not or will not fix . I highly recommend it to anyone that has a Mac . Using it once a month is like the old saying goes `` An Apple A Day , Keeps the Doctor Away , '' pun intended !! LOL
 I have three Macs at home , an Intel Core Duo Mac mini , an eMac and a Powerbook all running OS X 10.4 that needed a utility program to provide preventative maintenance . DiskWarrior 4 provides a program that works great and can handle the various levels of the OSX operating system .
 I ca n't count the times Disk Warrior has saved my computer and ipod . It 's best if used regularly , but can really save you in those times of need . I highly recommend this product !
 This program rescued my system when it was having trouble booting up . I felt it was a matter of time before the system crashed .
 I 've lost track of how many times DiskWarrior has saved my IMAC . I run bootcamp and more than a couple of times my Windows utilites have repaired perceived disk errors that made booting into MAC OS difficult or impossible . Disk Warrior has rebuilt my indexes and permissions and I 'm healed . Last time the system was still sluggish . I updated to the latest version of DiskWarrior and rebuilt the indexes again and I 'm back to normal . Sooner or later you will wish you had DiskWarrior and it would be wise to have it beforehand because you will need the DVD to boot your machine !
 Disk Warrior was recommended to me by several Mac Bloggers after my external Hard Drive refused to mount on my desktop . It kept coming back with a node failure . I bought Disk Warrior -LRB- through another site -RRB- and it fixed the problem in 10 minutes . This was after I used several other types of `` rescue software '' I highly recommend this product .
 Every Macintosh user with an advanced version of OSX would be well advised to run this program at lease two or three times a year . The common sense precaution of fully backing up before you run it is recommended . I always back up afterward as well .
 does everything it says it 's supposed to do . works fast considering all it has to analyze . works well in OS X 10.7 as well .
 My mac was coming up with a grey screen ... and would boot no further . Using another computer I started researching what could be done . I tried everything I could find on the internet . Seriously ... everything . After a lot of o time wasted ... I broke down and purchased this ... really skeptical that it would do anything . Upon receiving it ... I took it out of the wrapper ... popped it in ... answered a few easy questions ... and VOILA ! ... my computer works great ! Would recommend this in a heartbeat .
 heen a fan of dw since it came on a floppy . has resurrected many drives from a non-bootable / flashing ' ? ' folder if you remember when those showed up . if you have a finder that just seems a bit wonky once in a while , run dw . it 'll find and FIX errors disk utility and others do n't think are even there .
 This software singlehandedly saved my entire picture archive . That 's 4 terabytes that were previously `` lost '' on my drobo storage system after it developed a severely corrupted directory file structure - which came out of nowhere ! If the software does not initially rebuild your directory , do as I did and contact their support no. 2813531510 . They are extremely helpful and will guide you through the next steps , which for me saved thousands of pictures and files . I owe everything to Disk Warrior . It 's also the best directory rebuilding software out there . Run it on all your hard drives once a month and you 'll be in great shape .
 I purchased the update , which I received in about a week . Version 3.03 brought my Mac back into the living when Disk Utility said it could n't repair the disk . To check the update from 3.03 to 4 , I ran 3 , no differences , Then ran 4 where a differences -LRB- problems -RRB- was found .
 Disk Warrior helped me rescue what I needed from my Mac laptop before having the hard drive replaced . Nothing else worked . It saved the day !
 Not much to say other than DiskWarrior got my Mac back up and running where Apple 's FirstAid could n't . If you have a hard drive failure , give DiskWarrior a shot . It might work and save you , too .
 I work in a Macintosh repair shop , and deal with troubled machines all the time . When booting from the Mac OS installer CD wo n't fix a hard drive , this is the next tool I pull out of my bag . I 've seen this program do amazing things for my clients ' computers
 DiskWarrior did what my Tech Tool Pro could n't
 my advice to you is to buy this now , even if you are having no problems with your Mac at this time . I realize 99 % of you wo n't take this advice until something goes wrong , but the 1 % of you that do will thank me later on . This program is a literal lifesaver . It has saved my digital life once , and countless times for my clients . -LRB- I am a professional Mac tech -RRB- Do n't wait until something goes wrong and then you have to wait a week for this to come in the mail . Just buy a copy and have it in reserve for when -LRB- not if -RRB- you have a hard drive problem . This program will save you from paying hundreds or even thousands of dollars for a data recovery service to rescue your data . This program is so amazing that I have seen it rescue ALL data from EVERY hard drive that I have tried it on . Hard drives that I thought were damaged beyond repair . if your hard drive is still spinning , then this program can help you . The only way it would n't be able to help is if you had a completely fried hard drive -LRB- one that would n't even power on -RRB- Again , just buy it now , stick it in a drawer , and thank me later on when it saves your rear end .
 I took my broken Powerbook to a local Apple authorized repair shop who said `` Probably the disk - $ 315 '' . If I wanted them to check for software problems , they would charge more , and to save my disk data , hundreds . I decided to take a risk and see if DiskWarrior 4 could save at least the data -LRB- and lots of money , just in that ! -RRB- . Well , I made a few false starts hooking up to our G4 Mac Desktop , had to update that OSX to 10.2.9 , learned how to connect two computers through Firewire -LRB- Migration Assistant works great -RRB- . After all was said and done , everything was up and running except a few corrupted files which remained in pieces . Analysis of the hard drive shows it IS working properly.This software runs for hours , overnight and into the morning . You must MUST leave it alone even when it looks like and sounds like no one is home . It is working . And when all is well , COPY ALL YOUR DATA to DVDs or whatever ! This software is amazing . I think the disk may be dying , still has bits and starts and GRINDS so I will replace it myself -LRB- see the new Apple Training : Desktops and Portables coming out in May - you can fix stuff even MacBooks with that book ! -RRB-
 Silly me ... . I used an older version of Techtool on my G5 . Duh ... Completely destroyed my tree cataloges on my RAID harddrive . Purchased the newest version of Techtool -LRB- upgrade -RRB- , and it did n't ressurect my computer . I thought tons and tons of photos , movies and mp3s where completely annihilated . Gone through my own stupidly , I knew not to run older programs , let alone older Utility programs . As a last ditch effort I remember reading in MacAddict -LRB- now Mac Life -RRB- that Disk Warrior did magical things that no other programs could ... Bought it , received it ... and it saved my life ... errr ... my Mac . I stronly recomend this program if you having Catalogue Tree Drive problems . Them remember to back everything up ... and always remember , never use older Utility programs on your computer .
 U.N.L.E.S.S. Y.O.U. H.A.V.E. . A H.A.R.D D.R.I.V.E B.A.D B.L.O.C.K F.A.I.L.U.R.E , or entire sections of your drive are physically wiped out beyond compare , then this software will save your butt . But waiting three to four weeks -LRB- Alsoft.com -RRB- or possible overnight from Amazon is not going to save you when you need it.DiskWarrior just brought my system back . I could n't use the mouse , could n't save properly , Disk Repair was in techno-red about the problems . -LRB- I hooked up an external drive to a dead drive computer and used Disk repair , then found a ver 3.3 copy of DiskWarrior installed there . -RRB- After 90 minutes I was back in business . BUT GUESS WHAT ? During the course of going through the process , DW flashed that it recognized the dead drive on the host computer . Now I know that the latest version can fix it , which Alsoft claims can deal with the blinking '' ? '' and dead startup.I 've used DW for years , and keep forgetting that DW should be used in lieu of Disk Repair to keep your system humming . It is that good . Hell , tech support firms use it when you drag your ` dead ' computer in and then charge you $ 100 for labor to fix it.Someone complained htat they dont give enough instructions . DW made it pretty idiot proof . Spending ten minutes reading what Alsoft says on their site about it is well worth the time . Besides , when your computer is dead , you ca n't read PDF anyway.If you can read this , and you 're on your computer , it 's working . What about the times when it is n't . If you dont have backup computers -LRB- PLURAL -RRB- then you better have this in your arsenal ASAP.I bought the upgrade from Alsoft until I realized just now that I should have bought from Amazon -- but I did n't think Amazon would have it -- and get delivery Monday morning . I 'm going ahead now with the full purchase here because I ca n't wait four weeks . So I have two licenses , so what .
 I am an IT guy and I have used this program countless times to fix disk issues and recover data . That 's what prompted me to write this review - I just successfully recovered over 20 gigabytes of data from a hard drive that was near dead - scratching sounds , beeping , etc. . One of the biggest computer miracles I have seen ... Worth every penny ...
 After throwing a tantrum because OS X -LRB- 10.6.0 -RRB- 's built-in disk repair utility revealed it could not repair my external USB drive 's index , I started scoping out available products.I ultimately chose Disk Warrior -LRB- now version 4.2 , which started shipping on September 1st and has Snow Leopard -LRB- 10.6 -RRB- compatibility -RRB- because of others ' praises of it . -LRB- That and 10.6 compatibility too -RRB- . Works like a dream . It rebuilt the HFS partition and my bippy was saved.I have only one issue , which is small ; for hardware disk devices to test , only the internal drive comes up . The USB drive is n't available for this test . As I will be migrating to a Firewire 800 drive in the near future , I will check this menu and see if Firewire drives can be tested.Excellent piece of kit . HIGHLY recommended for every Mac owner .
 I had a nearly dead drive , I mean the thing would barely spin up , it was shot ... would n't mount on desktop ... gone , I THOUGHT.Cranked up DiskWarrior , It went at that nearly totally dead drive for over 24 HOURS ! Recovered 90 + % of my files , I was shocked to get ANY of them back!DiskWarrior DOES WHAT IT SAYS !
 When Snow Leopard began running slower then it should I tried Disk Warrior . It optimized the drive and now the computer zips along just like before .
 DiskWarrior totally saved me from myself . If you 're a college student , with too much time over the summer , experimenting with your computer , then you should definitely invest in this product before you get yourself in a pickle.Because of all my free time , I had been reading about securing your computer by erasing your free space . I performed it on my startup disk on my iBook and everything went fine . I performed it on my external firewire hard drive and it stopped mounting . Oh snap . There goes years of data.I read reviews and researched and finally settled on this product . I got it , popped it in and opened up the app . It was amazing that it could recognize something that -LRB- allegedly -RRB- did n't exist ! So I hit rebuild and let it sit overnight . I came back the next morning to find it kind of hanging , so I forced quitted it and ran it again . This time , it went straight to rebuilding and showed the report . Well , the hard drive is dead -LRB- disk malfunction/mechanical problems -RRB- , but it recovered all my files . Awesome.Even though it could n't save my hard drive and it took two runs to make it work -LRB- minus one star -RRB- , I still recommend it highly . It 's worth the money . In fact , every college student should have a copy sitting on their bed in their dorm when they move in -LRB- or mailed to them when classes start -RRB- . It 's a life saver .
 Disk Warrior operates meticulously but very slowly to recover damaged disk directories . It was able to rescue data from a crashed 120 Gb external hard drive of mine . Once I figured out the options , and gave it an overnight task -LRB- 7 hours ! -RRB- to do , it accomplished it very effectively .
 My PowerMac G5 with OSX 10.3.9 suffered a complete failure in January 2008 ; wo n't even boot up to a gray apple . I had a backup of the G5 files from a few months ago , but I wanted to recover my recent files since this last backup . So I used Norton SystemWorks 3.0 to boot the G5 up from the CD , then scanned and fixed many errors on the hard disk , but the G5 still would not boot up from its hard disk . I then bought DiskWarrior 4.0 and used it to boot the G5 up from the CD and rebuilt the G5 directory . Voila ! The G5 booted right up from its hard disk . Yahoo! I got my recent files back -LRB- and backed it up -RRB- . From this one experience , I would recommend DiskWarrior to Mac users .
 This thing works like magic . Its a little creepy not having any control or even seeing a progress bar . I 'm used to the Old Norton Utilities for Mac where you controlled everything - but time and time again it fixes my hard drive in a very low key manner and I 'm up and running . Love it !
 I love DiskWarrior . I have used it for years on my older Macs . When I upgraded to OS X 10.5 and was having some problems , I had to get the latest version . Problems gone just like that !!! Alsoft DiskWarrior 4.0
 For some reason Time Machine network backups are subject to corruption -LRB- even with Spotlight indexing turned off -RRB- . Eventually , your backup may start to fail with `` Mounting this volume read-only '' . Running the Apple Disk check from the GUI and command line -LRB- fsck_hfs -RRB- did n't fix my problems . Enter Disk Warrior . It rebuilt the sparse bundle with no problems saving months of backups from being lost . Terrific product .
 This product worked great for us . As a school we need to save money whenever we can and this product has in 1 month saved us over $ 600.00 in what would otherwise have been some expensive computer repairs.Ronda WatsonMesquite Trails Elementary School
 Disk Warrior worked as advertised . Saved hundreds of mp3s and photos on the broken hard drive . Disc complimented with outstanding web site service . FAQ 's online answered everything I needed to know . Thank you Disk Warrior , worth every penny .
 They were nice . Although not to knowledgeable about the disk I ordered . Had to send it back . But they were quick to respond . I do hope that the charge to my credit card will soon show they refunded me as it was almost $ 100.00 . So far is still on my credit card statement .
 I had a mix up with the address -LRB- totally my fault -RRB- but i received the item in the described condition and promptly , thanks !
 My 5-year-old twins love this CD-Rom -- and so does their 3-year-old sister ! They have learned an amazing amount about animals by playing photo safari , picture scrambler and matching mommy-baby animal pairs -- then earning the right to take the `` animal expert quiz . '' It 's the best of fun and education !
 Anyone that think 's DesignCad 3D Max is hard to use would think any CAD software is hard to use . I purchased DesignCad 3D Max a few year ago , and though I had 30 years of design and drawing board experence , I too thought the program was hard and maybe even impossible to use.After 3 months of trying , I gave up and took two semesters of AutoCAD from the Community College . I now find 3D CAD and other CAD program very easy to use.Thus , how hard a program is to use depends on your knowledge . I suggest anyone getting a CAD program to first take a few Community College classe , or at least get someone that knows how to use CAD to get you started . Once learned , you 'd never use a drawing board or anything else again to do your designs or sketches.Good luck
 I am currently using an evaluation copy of DesignCAD . As a counter-point to the previous review , I think this program is no more difficult to learn than any other CAD program I have used . There are a number of good tutorials on the DesignCAD Unleashed web site . DesignCAD has many features of higher end CAD programs costing much more and as such it does take a bit of effort to learn . I particularly like the fact that IMSI has included the BasicCAD language and the fact that DesignCAD can be programmed and accessed from any program language that can reference COM objects . The program is not perfect and has a few anoying short-comings , but overall I think this is a great value . I plan to purchase it .
 I would have wanted a little more content , but for that I guess there 's the Wikipedia and the general internet . What this digital encyclopedia does is not just give you information but the feeling of being there . You pick up on the nuances of a subject , not just the raw data . I grew up with a number of encyclopedias as a kid , and Britannica was the king of the tomes . However in the digital world , Britannica 2006 may give me more information and great articles , but Encarta gives me the connected experience , superior multimedia , extra rich and crisp graphics . I also had the 2004 version but there are many new features that make this is a good upgrade .
 Encarta 2006 is , overall , an excellent product . No installation problems and no problems running it on a 1.1 Ghz laptop with Windows XP . I did discover , however , that it likes RAM and ran more quickly when I increased my RAM from 384 to 768 MB . The content is quite good , with the occasional thin spot . Obvious topics are extremely well covered while some more obscure queries lack in detail . For example , my 7-year-old son and I were interested in the human digestive system and found a great diagram and articles . When we looked up wild turkeys however , we discovered the article did not contain a description of their diet -LRB- though it did have a nice recording of a wild turkey call -RRB- . Multimedia items such as sounds and videos are plentiful and appear regularly in articles . Within a few days I realized what a bargain this package is given the sheer volume of content . No encyclopedia will be everything to everyone , but Encarta 2006 Deluxe is a fine reference product .
 My daughter has done really well with this . She enjoys the kids section the most .
 The new Interface is cool . the content is also top nortch . It is only a shame that they do n't have accuracy on other countries as the USA on the Maps and historical events of other countries in the world .
 We got this and are using it for school . We are galloping the globe and this is alot of help . I really like it .
 I receive Microsoft Encarta 2006 Premium in good condition
 Microsoft was long derided by its critics for having failed to fully grasp the Internet revolution . It was late in developing Net technologies such as a proprietary search engine and in coping with security threats propagated through the Web.Not any more . Earlier this year MSN rolled out a great search engine and now Microsoft has fundamentally revamped its reference products . By committing itself to this overhaul , Microsoft embraced reality
 I have purchased Microsoft Encarta for at least the last three years . I like several features of the Encarta Premium 2006 CD/DVD software
 One may ask what is the point of spending $ on an encyclopedia when there are websites you could go to for free -LRB- wikipedia.com answers.com -RRB- . The reason is simple , Encarta 2006 just has more . Encarta compromises not only of articles , but thousands of pictures , sound and video clips , animations , different types of interactive articles and numerous other features . And with Microsoft releasing a weekly update that includes more of all these features , there 's no claim that internet sites are more current . Coming on a disc which can be installed on to multiple computers , I find it nice that I do n't need to connect to the internet . This product is worth the money and my advice is to buy it .
 I bought the Encarta 2006 Premium edition for my 10-year-old niece so she can get all the help she needs for homework . But while I was installing the program for her I played with it as well and was very impressed with the content . I usually use the free wikipedia online as my encyclopedia tool , but lately many of their entries are defaced by extremists -LRB- e.g. , calling abortion a `` baby killing atrocity , '' calling Osama bin Laden `` a universal liberty-fighting hero , '' etc. -RRB- , which made me suspicious of the accuracy of the wikipedia content . -LRB- Wikipedia allows * anybody * to edit its entries , so you can just go there and say whatever you want about any entry . -RRB- Anyway , now that I 've used Encarta I 'm thinking of buying a copy for myself . It 's really a great value even before the $ 10 rebate . It also gives you unlimited online access to Encarta Online.The encyclopedia entrie are well organized and each entry is well written . Encarta boasts a very large number of multimedia entries . According to the packaging box -- of course I did n't do the counting myself , what am I , crazy ? -- you get over 26,000 photos and illustrations , over 300 videos and animations , over 3,000 sounds and music clips , and 1.8 million map locations ! The screen layout is very pleasing to the eye and much of the content that I 've seen quite superb . My 10-year-old niece is also very happy with this gift and she 's become quite addicted to it since I installed the program on her PC a couple weeks ago as an early Santa gift.In addition to the encyclopedia Encarta 2006 Premium comes with a bunch of interactive tools that I , as an adult , feel are more suited toward youngsters . You also get a dictionary and thesaurus but I have not checked them out.The program installed smoothly and seems very fast and reliable . However , full installation will cost you a lot of space -- the program content comes on 6 CDs/1 DVD . If you only have a CD-ROM drive , be prepared to swap the CD five times.In short , this is a great electronic reference tool for adults and kids alike . But kids in particular will benefit tremendously from all the great tools and multimedia this has to offer .
 To the individual that posted right before me , I have to say , you really need to not be such a sheep in this world.If you can find ONE alternative to Encarta -LRB- and do n't even say wikipedia -RRB- that even comes CLOSE to the features , ease of use and extra utilities -LRB- not counting the images , videos , etc -RRB- then by all means , I will give it a try and make an honest opinion.Personally , I do n't like Microsoft Windows or Office for that matter ... I use Linux/Mac/FreeBSD and OpenOffice.org ... if I have to use a server as a backup , I am sure to use Apache and not IIS ... but my dislike for Microsoft is in their Operating System and their Office Package , only because there are alternatives out there , that in my opinion are better and free . However , when it comes to Encarta , I do n't dislike Microsoft . You see , you have to look at things as more than black and white . There is NO other encyclopedia software or web based service that can even CLAIM to compare to the outstanding piece of software we call Encarta.The problem with you , is that you hate BLINDLY for no other reason than your buddies probably told you about the big bad microsoft and how they are against open source . For once , have a mind of your own and actually USE a piece of software before you bash it.For those thinking about buying Encarta , I have one thing to say . For you and your children , there is no better tool and information source you can find ... it is worth every penny and much , much more ! 2006 packs SOO much information , it is unbelievable ... however , for parents with kids in middle or high school , I suggest you go with `` Microsoft Student 2006 '' instead ... it is a little more expensive , but well worth the extra 20-30 dollars ! It includes Microsoft Encarta Premium 2006 , AS WELL as all the homework , book report , math , etc tools that `` Microsoft Encarta Reference Library 2005 '' became known for.Anyway , that is my 2 cents worth ... I hope you all purchase it and enjoy what it can do for not only parents and their children , but for single people too ... I am unmarried with no children , but I LOVE Encarta just the same ... I use it all the time , especially the dictionary and thesaurus that integrates directly into the task bar , even when Encarta is not running !
 I 've been hooked on Encarta since 1998 when it came preloaded on my first computer . I 've had it ever since . It has everything for any age group from child to adult . I find the 3D views of famous places especially fascinating . It 's like taking a trip without leaving your house .
 My daughter -LRB- 41/2 -RRB- absolutely loved this cd-rom . She sat for over an hour the first time having so much fun . She would n't stop until she collected all the gems and was able to rescue Dorothy in Emerald city ! She was problem-solving , sequencing , doing maizes and improving her thinking skills and she did ' t even know it ! There are 3 difficulty levels -LRB- she started on easy -RRB- , so she will be able to play this one for a long time . All her favorites - the scarecrow , the tinman , the lion and of course the yellow brick road ! This is the best and most creative/educational cd-rom I 've seen . I 'm going to buy several and give them for all the 5 year birthday parties coming up !
 My 4 year old loves this game . Dorothy is captured by the Wicked Witch and the Scarecrow , Tin man , and Lion must save her . Good for boys , too , since the user is following the male characters to rescue Dorothy . Glinda is the help guide . The child must find nine jewels before the game is over . Each jewel is the reward for solving problems in three different areas . No reading is needed but math , logic , and spacial relationship skills are . The three levels of difficulty will keep your child coming back again and again . My four year old can complete the 1st -LRB- Bronze -RRB- level on her own but needs help in some areas of silver and gold so it 's still challenging . Big plus is that your child gets to melt the Wicked Witch at the end .
 Check out the screen shots of this product on Amazon ... . The graphics are so well done -- they beat almost anything I 've seen .
 Microsoft was long derided by its critics for having failed to fully grasp the Internet revolution . It was late in developing Net technologies such as a proprietary search engine and in coping with security threats propagated through the Web.Not any more . Earlier this year MSN rolled out a great search engine and now Microsoft has fundamentally revamped its reference products . By committing itself to this overhaul , Microsoft embraced reality
 This is a great reasource , especially those who write papers often . I am a college student and I find myself always turning to it so I can use the info . The interface is really easy to use and it has a good search engine . It also comes with an electronic dictionary/thesaurus , Encarta kids , and a language translator for French , German , Spanish , and Italian . Easy to use , easy to install , lots of great benefits .
 Absolutely outstanding ! All areas are easy to use , and the search functions are real smart , no confusing returns .
 Great ! for my grandson and all of his school projects . We use it to look up any number of different things .
 I homeschool , so in wanting to get my son an encyclopedia , I bought himScholastic Children 's Encyclopedia . Boy , what a waste THAT was ! A few minutes ago , he wanted to learn more about Amelia Earhart -LRB- thanks to Night at the Museum 2 -RRB- , but guess what ? She 's not even IN that encyclopedia!But the 2006 Encarta ? AMAZING . My son has not only found every thing he 's ever wanted to learn more about in this PC encyclopedia , but he 's been enriched by its video clips -LRB- such as whales breaching -RRB- , audio clips -LRB- such as poets reading their work -RRB- , clips from presidential speeches and musical pieces -RRB- , charts , maps , intuitive interface , and comprehensive -- yet accessible -- articles.You may want to snatch it up quickly , though ; MS wo n't be making Encarata any more . Although you wo n't be able to get updates , all the relevant historical information will be there -- including movie clips , audio clips , charts , pictures , comprehensive text , and so on . And , really , who accesses an encyclopedia for pop culture references anyway , especially with everything available on the web -LRB- such as wikipedia or relevant topical websites or even official sites -RRB- ? Excellent encyclopedia . I highly recommend it , especially for classrooms , libraries and homeschooling homes . -- Janet Boyer , author of The Back in Time Tarot Book
 This product is great for home and school refrence material . I use it frequently for reports and such .
 I am a long-time fan of the Encarta series , but if you wish to purchase a new version , you should know that MS will discontinue Encarta as of October , 31 , 2009 . I 'm sorry to see it go .
 I have used the Money program for several years and really like it . Microsoft is no longer publishing it so there is no on line support , but I never needed it anyway .
 MSNmoney discontinued the best stock portfolio in the world but is available with this older Money version . Now I am back on track literally keeping track of stocks that I first discovered and how they have performed since . Thanks to Cary 's _ Store on Amazon .
 I did n't think I could find this anymore ! for many years I used Microsoft Money - happily ! Very happily ! Wonderful software , user friendly , and highly versatile . I could quickly and easily download all bank transaction , track investments and print of tax reports in a snap ! Then I switched to Mac . And Microsoft stopped making the software . Suddenly years and years of financial data were lost in a file that I could not access . -LRB- I did n't know Microsoft had stopped making it , there was no Mac version , and I would have to convert everything to Quicken - not a flawless process by the way !! -RRB- Mercifully for Amazon , I was able to buy an older copy of the software , get it installed on my Mac using Parallels - would never do that again ! Would by an old PC or netbook first ! Anyway , it saved the day ! I retrieved the data that I need and have started fresh with a quicken setup.For all of you die hard MS Money users out there , or for anybody else who is stuck , it 's great , it worked , it saved the day ! Oh , and if you want to buy my copy ... ? drop me an email!Smiles , Hunter - -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I had to buy a new product because my computer crashed and microsoft is not going to sell microsoft money anymore .
 Use it constantly . Very good product . ` Bout time now that I puchased the newer version , but I 'm in no hurry .
 This product is great to organize your finances and see where your money is going for . Monthly reports are available to see where your spending your money , and you can get details of how these numbers were comprised.The budgeting system appears weak though , and if you have savings goals it only states whether they are realistic or not . It unfortuntely does n't have anything which allows you to put aside money for these savings goals .
 1 - No difference that I can find over 2005 . Funny thing is that I said this with my 2005 from 2004 version purchase ! I guess I will never learn , I 'm a sucker for the lastest and greatest Money software . Really , you do not need this if you have 2005 , you can live without backing up to CD/DVD .2 - I have not found any bugs . You are thinking , Ya , so ? If you were an early adopter of 2005 -LRB- the buggiest POS that MS Money put out -RRB- , you would have seen this a huge achievement also.Summary - nothing really exciting over the previous 2 versions , wait for the free offer with your tax software next year . If you are new to personal finance software , you really need to get this .
 I was a Quicken user for many years until Intuit decided to drop QIF import after Quicken 2004 . My work 401k institution and local bank do not offer OFX/QXF download . Since I 'm not willing to switch job or bank for Intuit , I switched over to MS Money instead . I download a trial version of Money deluxe 2006 and converted my Quicken File without any problem . After the conversion , all the transactions since 1998 from every account showed up in Money and I can import QIF file from my 401k and bank . I purchased Money Premier 2006 and being happily using it for 2 months . Once you set up your accounts for online update , money updates all of it in one shot , cool feature . You can download and try MS Money for 90 days before you buy . Unlike Quicken , that makes you buy the product and give you a refund if you do n't like it .
 So I tried this and Quicken 2005 Premier Home and Business and I must say , Quicken , I sold back at Ebay . Reasons :1 . The interface is great . Very friendly and the stats are presented in a very manageable way . Quicken presented me with a much less innovative way of showing the data . I guess this is all Microsoft trying to show off their . Net stuff , but hey , it works . If you are gon na be working hours on a piece of software , it might as well be easy on the eyes .2 . Data import capabilities . Quicken screwed me over . I could n't import the . QIF files that my bank offered for free , nor the . CSVs because they were meant only to `` store addresses '' and not financial data . Money was also able to connect to my PayPal money market account and keep that data updated . Try to beat that .3 . Tracking investments . The charts are great + They take into consideration comissions and other fees before telling you that you 've earned or lost money .4 . Articles and advice . Money integrates REALLY well with MSN Money , and so , lots of informative articles and information are available . Really neat stuff if you need some basic advice in regards to your investments.I know points 3 and 4 might not make references to Quicken in comparison to Money , but they are definitely strong points in the software.It takes a lot for me to approve of something M$ made , mainly because of my technical background , but I must say , this is one nice piece of software , worth all the money .
 I downloaded the trial for Money 06 and imported my Quicken 2003 data into it -LRB- with no problems -RRB- . I 've been using Quicken since 97 to pay bills , track all my investments , CCs , spending , EVERYTHING . I must say , this is pretty good once I learned my way around . However , since I 'm on release 03 of Quicken , I guess we will have to wait to see how 06 will compare to Money.One thing that bothers me with Money -LRB- and Quicken -RRB- is investment tracking . Why can you only track investments in terms of small , mid and large cap ? What about international , Real Estate , and others ? I really wish they would add some of these other catergories -LRB- or allow the user to add them -RRB- to get a better picture of where your investments are . I still resort to using Excel to find out what my true percentages are for other investments to help determine how diversified I really am . Having small , mid , and large catergories does n't give you enough of the picture . If Money had that feature , I think that would be enough for me to take the gaint leap from Quicken to Money . I would like to see how 06 compares when it comes out later this summer.Other than that , Money seems to be a good piece of software with alot of what Quicken can do but with some additional features.Another note , Money is also taking Quicken 's lead in terms of forcing you to upgrade every couple of years if you use it to download or bills .
 I liked the product a lot , it is a major improvement from the 2000 version I had previously . The online service is very nice . However , not every bank is linked to money directly , so you might have to download the file into money . Very quick loading up the application.Overall a very solid application .
 THe screen display for the check register is hard to read and the display can not be modified . Very primitive by today 's standards . Works okay .
 This is exactly what I needed , and at less than half the price that the store want !
 Folks , I do n't know what to say , except my balances transferred fine , my accounts work fine , and Money 2006 seems like 2005 in virtually every respect.Never have I seen more whining regarding software products than by the users of Money and Quicken . By the number of 1 - and 2-star ratings these products get on Amazon , one would think -LRB- like I did , before my first trial of Money 2005 -RRB- that these programs hardly function . But function they do , and Money has helped me organize a scattered financial existence into a single place . Where I agree with the other users is in suggesting you go for the trial first -- no harm in that -- but then have reasonable expectations of the program . Its job is to help keep track of your finances , not fold the laundry .
 I have been using MS Money for a long time , finding it to be simpler to use and understand for those of us without accounting degrees . Just happy that I can now upgrade my Money program to the DVD/CD backup . Added plus with Money 2006 is that navigation and use of the features within is very easy to learn and use . Another kudos for Microsoft on it 's Money 2006 Deluxe !!
 My previous use of the Money program was with Money 98 ... and , it was n't all that easy to use for a non-accountant type . Money 2006 was even more difficult to understand although I did manage to get it hooked into my bank for on-line updates . One problem is that I could not import my Money 98 back up into Money 2006 . The possiblity may have been there but I could not find it . I would recommend people get the book `` Microsoft Money 2006 for Dummies '' as I did . Helped me through the jargon , it did .
 I have to say - I am very happy with my purchase . I have tried both quicken and microsoft and have come back to microsoft money do to it 's ease of use , features , options , and good looks -LRB- I like to see everything at a glance -RRB- . I was fairly disappointed last upgrade -LRB- Money 2005 -RRB- because I could never get my bank to work with their Yodlee automatic banking . However , I upgraded to this version and ta-da everything works . Added features are nice -LRB- multiple bill pay from one screen , etc. -RRB- and everything I enjoy is still there . Banking is easy and I admit to being a graph addict because of this program . I would recommend this program - however I would n't do the upgrade from 2005 unless you , like me , had problems with the automatic banking . There just is not enough new features to warrant the upgrade.However , I do recommend downloading the trial version from their website -LRB- I did -RRB- . Backup your money file elsewhere -LRB- once you upgrade the file it can not use an older Money version -RRB- and try the program out for a couple days .
 I have been using MS Money since 1995 . Stopped using a paper check registry in 1997 . I update my version every year . Do n't know what I would do if I had to go back to a paper check book . Its great for keeping track of credit cards , loans , bills and paychecks !
 I have been using Micrsoft Money since it was first introduced many years ago . This is one of the easiest yet most comprehensive money management programs available today . It makes the task of paying your bills and balancing your checking account a breeze . And it certainly saves time ! Until something else can beat it , I wo n't ever change to another program .
 I have been using Microsoft money since it came on the market several years back . I have always been satisfied with the product . I will continue to upgrade my money .
 easy to use , easy to understand . this product is constantly improving
 I recently upgraded from Money 2003 . I was pleasantly suprised with the ability of downloading transactions for all credit card , bank and investment accounts . So all you have to do is check the info downloaded daily weekly whenever you want . Had a little trouble with one investment account but overall was easy to setup . This is real nice for those of us who are not very fast on the keyboard.Was hoping to get a product to help with retirement planning but after reviewing found it to be real weak in this area .
 I had the need to reinstall Money-2006 for use with Win-Vista , but my original CD was broken -LRB- yup , I sat on it -RRB- . Anyway , the CD was exactly what I needed , original OEM case & CD , and delivered within the time period that it was supposed to be received by me . I would buy from this Seller again .
 This is a great DVD . I have been playing , uh , less than one week ! Okay , that does n't make me an expert . Then , again , it does make me an `` authority '' on beginning drum videos -LRB- as compared to trainging videos of all other sorts -RRB- . This video is the best of about five that I have tried . I believe it has been superceded by `` Getting Started on Drums '' , which I also plan to try , also by Tommy Igoe -LRB- many more reviews there -RRB- . This is good stuff .
 everything she writes is greati recommend her to everyoneyou feel like her characters are your friendsthank you nora for the hours of pleasure you have given me
 Remember When
 I ordered this book for this past Christmas a gift for my reader . Little did I know that I ordered it twice .
 I enjoyed the combination of a present and future storyline . Peabody 's character got a little more splash in Book 2 and I thought it was endearing that she 's trying to find her own look now that she 's a full-fledged `` Detective '' . Eve and the beautiful Roarke have their share of sweat and sex encounters and Feeney helps to ferret out the identity of the killer . All in all , another entertaining read .
 Eve Dallas and Roarke -LRB- How the dickens do you pronounce this name and other Scottish phrases used in the `` In Death '' series ? -RRB- are two of my favorite characters . The action is so riveting and the romance so endearing that I devour each edition whether it is my first read or the fifth . Kudos to Ms Roberts . What an awe inspiring writer .
 This is my new addiction . I do read other reviews so learn which books are reprints . This one is two in one . Love the blend of Roberts and Robb . These books are some that I can read over and over again and enjoy them each time .
 I recommend this book . i almost cried , but kept on reading . Beautifully written ; painted vivid pictures in my mind with each pagre
 Enjoyed this book . It was an interesting way of combining the two stories . I have read all of the Jd Robb books . The chemistry between Dallas and Roarke is always a good read .
 It was a great book . I enjoyed it and I like that it fits with the In Death Series I enjoyed reading about Laine and Max and their interesting meeting and how they dealth with the problems . I also enjoyed the second half of the book that took place almost 56 years later with Laine and Max still married and happy . It is a good book and enjoyable reading .
 I find it amazing that so many people do n't like the second part of the book . Please do n't judge the second part as `` boring '' . If you were a J.D. Robb Fan , you would understand the characters better . Eve and Roarke have been around for about 17 books so this book just continues their story . Please do n't judge the characters until you get to know them in other stories .
 For the longest time , many readers including myself did not know that Nora Roberts and J.D. Robb were the same the same person . This new book `` Remember When '' combines these two talents together . The book opens up the stealing of diamonds in 2004 and the love between a P.I. and the suspect daughter 's The second takes us to the future where once again the diamonds are up for graps and Roarke and Eve Dallas are on the case.I have to admitt that I enjoyed the second part of the book with Dallas and Roarke than the first half . The action in the first seem to drag and I could n't wait to get the second half . This is a great book , but the first section did seem a bit slow .
 Oh , yeah . Nora Roberts/J . D. Robb nails it this time . This book is a gorgeously written old time romance story followed by a fast forward 50 years and slam dunk into a modern cop drama that ties together both stories . This book is brilliant , clever and collectible.I love Ms. Roberts experiential approach to writing . Each new book shows a rich new facet of herself as she creates `` gotcha hooked stories '' . Her imagination seems endless and the sources for her material , in this case collectible toys , provides grist for her very clever mill in the most positive sense . I love her characterizations , particularly those that retain the feel of stablity while caught in the presence of chaos . Especially characters like Feeney and his bag of sugared nuts , the eye blinding clothes worn by McNab , the lust for freebee food at Roarke and Eve 's home always amuses . The solid , new Detective Peabody flashing her new badge and getting her mojo in her new role . The unforgettable , gorgeous Roarke as he continues to show his incredible love and patience with Eve through all her crusty street wise mannerisms overlaying her bruised and tarnished heart of gold . For both of them , there could be no other . What a message of love . The Lieutenant is so tough/vulnerable and conflicted/honorable . In this story J.D. has Eve softening a bit and sounding more settled and calm as her marriage matures a bit and her feelings of security both in love and her life unfold . Still J.D. reminds us through Eve 's voice that it is a tough go for this wounded warrior . The author really stands for women like this and I just adore that facet of her writing for to me it is the heart of her work.As J.D. Robb , she truly gets the vibes of real police work . Read this Brilliant book .
 This book consists of two novels - the first one is the story of Laine Tavish and Max Gannon on the trail of stolen diamonds . This was excellent - the Nora Roberts we 've all come to expect - mystery , romance , and a good , well written , well plotted story . I truly enjoyed this portion of the audio book . It is followed up by the second novel which features Eve Dallas working to solve a mystery case , involving the same diamonds and the grandchild of Laine & Max 56 years in the future . It 's completely different in style - written as J.D. Robb it follows her formula in her `` In Death '' mystery series.This was a highly enjoyable set of stories -LRB- especially the 1st of the two stories -RRB- and I highly recommend them to any Nora Roberts fan - you wo n't be disappointed .
 I think that this book was great for introducing Nora Roberts ' fans to J.D. Robb . I only recently started reading Roberts but I 've read all of her newer romance/mistery books and really liked them . I was a little wary of trying Robb and `` Remember When '' was a great crash course into the series . The problem with introducing non-Robb fans to the series this way is that they loose so much of the history of the characters and are a little lost at first with the unfamiliar slang for things that we do n't have yet . The second half was so good though , and so different from the normal Roberts stuff that it made me want to read the series , which I immediately did . I definately thought that the Robb part was better than the Roberts part . That is probably because I 'd burned myself out on Roberts and the plot was a little simple , but I think that was because both stories were shorter than her normal lengths and there was n't enough area to develop the best plots . I really love Roberts , but I love Robb more and if you have read this book and did n't like Eve or did n't like the characters it is probably because you have n't read more of the series and have n't had time to fall in love with her enough . Eve is a great character , but if you come into the middle of the series , you loose how much heart she has -LRB- and she has a lot of heart -RRB- . Read Robb 's other books before you give up on it all together .
 Although her father is a drifter , a con man and a thief , she loves him anyway even though she wants no part of his life . Laine Tavish has made a new life for herself in Angel 's Gap Maryland , running her own business and fixing up her home . Unfortunately her stable life begins to unravel when she is dragged into her father 's latest scheme , a twenty-eight million-dollar jewelry heist.The insurance company wants to recover the diamonds and hires private detective Max Gannon for the job . His search finds him in Angel 's Gap where he meets Laine and falls instantly in love with her . When she finds out what Max is after , she agrees to help him provided her father goes free . Laine realizes she loves Max who reciprocates her feelings but if they are going to have any chance at a life together , she must find a way to return her father 's half of the diamonds and stop a killer who wants her father 's half in addition to his own.In New York in 2059 , Max and Laine 's granddaughter Sammantha has written a book about their romance and the diamonds that were never recovered . She comes home after her book tour to find her home trashed and her house sitter dead . Lt. Eve Dallas of the NYPSD is the lead on the case and immediate see it does n't look like an ordinary breaking and entering gone wrong . She thinks it might have something to do with the diamonds that were never found and subsequent evidence gathered with her new partner proves Eve 's theory correct.REMEMBER WHEN is really two novels in one with the common thread , being the stolen diamonds . The first tale is a very exciting work of romantic suspense written in Nora Robert 's fabulous writing style . The second part of the story is an exciting police procedural written in J.D. Robb 's -LRB- Nora Roberts pseudonym -RRB- unique and realistically gritty style . Although the same person wrote both works , it feels as if two very different authors worked on the book . Readers who are not familiar with J.D. Robb 's `` In Death '' novels will find themselves fans of the series and try to obtain the backlist.Harriet Klausner
 I 've been reading Nora Roberts for nearly as long as she 's been writing , and have enjoyed seeing her talent grow as a writer . Here , she combines both her personas/aliases into one book . Part one is more standard romantic suspense ; Part Two is the futuristic detective mystery featuring Eve Dallas . The entire story centers around a diamond heist , and the stones that were stolen . I found myself reading more for the mystery element and found the occasional bits of steamy hot sex to be mildly distracting . If you 're familiar with Ms. Roberts work under either her own name or her pseudonym of J.D. Robb , you 'll probably be satisfied with this book . If you 've never read her before , this is n't one I 'd necessarily recommend as a `` starter '' - Part Two relies heavily , I think , on prior knowledge of Eve Dallas and her world , and so some characters are n't as fully fleshed out in Part Two as they are in Part One.While the mystery/suspense portions are fairly simple -LRB- I figured out who was the Big Bad fairly early in the book -RRB- , the writing remains Ms. Roberts 's typical style - that is , her characters act and talk like real people ; she 's not afraid to use pop culture to flesh out her world ; the sex is n't written in such purple prose that you laugh out loud at the descriptions , nor is it so descriptively pornographic that you 're offended -LSB- though this is definitely a PG-15 book with the descriptions of blood , violence , and sex -RSB- ; and overall , it 's a fairly enjoyable reading.What I did n't like , and what keeps this from being a 5 star review , is the sheer length of the story . Some of the scenes dragged on too long , some of the descriptions for the characters were unnecessary -LRB- Peabody seemed to take more center stage than she should have , which I would find distracting if I did n't understand there 's a story arc with her through the other Eve Dallas stories -RRB- , and the Bad Guys were cardboard villians . Additionally , the ending felt flat , too Hollywood , and I did n't feel like anyone tried too hard to get anything . Nora Roberts did a much better job with thieves , IMO , in one of her older books , and writing as J.D. Robb , I think she did Eve Dallas better when Eve Dallas was newer .
 I 'm pretty sure everyone knows that Nora Roberts and JD Robb are one in the same woman ... one of the best writers in modern times ! Well , teaming these two sides together in one volume was brilliant ! In the first story , Laine Tavish is trying to live down a less than reputable past , when trouble comes and finds her in small town Angel 's Gap . It 's up to Max Gannon to find out if she has anything to do with the missing jewels . What they find together is something worth more than the jewels . In the second part of the story , Max and Laine 's granddaughter has written a book and told the story of the missing jewels , of Max and Laine . Now , death seems to be dogging her heels , and it 's up to Eve Dallas to finally put things to right.A brilliant , engrossing story !
 intrigue , mystery , romance and Lt Eve Dallas , this book has it all . Love the two part story line , the bad part is they also issued this story as 2 books ; Hot Rocks and Big Jack so I bought the same book twice . Did not like that .
 This book combines her styles of writing beautifully . Her romance books are always engaging and hard to put down . Then you add Eve Dallas stories , she is my favorite author . I highly recommend this book to those wanting to find out about her books .
 A two parter . First a story about a daughter whose given stolen diamonds from her father & his partner . She 's supposed to hide them in her antique shop , but does n't know that in the beginning . Both her father & an insurance rep , who she stays with to solve things & falls in love with , figure out what to do . Second part , is how Dective Eve Dallas from JD Robb 's death series of great books , gets to finding the diamond story thru a murder she investigates . Two good stories with continued diamond search . Love , sex , mystery & jewels . Be aware that Remember When is reissued under another title Big Jack . Book can stand alone since its two good related stories anout 80 years apart . This book comes inbetween Imatition & Divided of the Robb series .
 Remember When was a very good book that I enjoyed very much . But then , I have all of the Nora Roberts that I have purchased through Amazon . I will certainly be purchasing more in the future .
 `` Remember When '' is one of the books in the Lt. Eve Dallis book series written by Nora Roberts writing as J. D. Robb . This book series is one of the absolute best book series I have ever read in my whole life . I now have 34 of these incredible books in this series , and have reread all of them at least 6 times so far ... These books , and this story line in these books , takes place in the future , and every one of the main characters are fabulous ! I got hooked on this book series when a next door neighbor loaned me her books , then she moved away , and I said I HAD to own my own copy of all these incredible books ... . And so far , I think I have gotten them all ... and constantly waiting for the next book to come out , so I can get that one too ! : -RRB- San Harper
 this book contains two of nora roberts ' -LRB- and as jd robb -RRB- stories , both relate to a single crime . in the second story Eve Dallas , my favorite character in this author 's repertoire , takes over an investigation begun a generation before . loved it !
 Remember When with Nora Roberts -LRB- 2003 -RRB- Two-part book
 Having been a rabid JD Robb fan for years now this double header here has made a Roberts fan out of me -LRB- odd as that may sound -RRB- . Both sides of Ms. Roberts writing style are present with out bleeding into each other . This may be due to the idea i have that this single volume is available as 2 solo books titled Hot Rocks and Big Jack . My impression is that they were written far from each other , but with the -LRB- lots of -RRB- common ground they share are also available here .
 This book was not released in Australia , so I went online and found it on your website . Bought it for my sister . Service and quality of product was fantastic . Thank you yet again for helping me find an unobtainable item .
 Big fan of the `` In Death '' series by Roberts ' pen name , JD Robb . The second story in this book is an In Death book , so of course , I had to read it . Truly enjoyed both stories and how the first one continued into the future , into the next one . Roberts did a great job of intertwining both stories and each would be a great read individually but are truly awesome together !
 just be aware that those two books are combined in this one book.Enjoyable , but do n't be fooled , as I almost was until I read a review , into buying the same books twice .
 I really enjoyed Remember When and realized by the time I got to the second portion of the book -LRB- futuristic 2059 with Lt. Eve Dallas -RRB- , that I had indeed read another JB Robb novel . And no , I did not realize that Nora Roberts and JB Robb were one in the same . The book took place in the early 2003 -LRB- I think -RRB- . The story revolves around a diamond heist , named the largest in New York history . Laine Tavish has created a new life for herself . Running from her past and her father , who is a reknown theif , Laine has settled into a quiet community and opened an antique store . Her long lost uncle reappears and is quickly killed , leaving a mystery of who is after Laine and why . Also , appearing around the same time is a handsome and mysterious stranger who unknown to Laine is an investigator trying to track down the diamonds , that he believes are in her possession . After several murders and a lot of romance , the story moves quickly and eventually to the bad guy getting his due and a small portion of the diamonds still missing.Fast forward 56 years , and we find that Laine 's granddaughter has written a book that deals with the heist . While she is away on a book tour , her best friend is murdered in her home and the place is ransacked . Lietenant Eve Dallas and her handy sidekick Peabody are on the scene and ready to solve the mystery . As the story evolves , we see just how the diamond heist is related to the present day problems . Although this portion of the book barely focuses on Laine 's granddaughter , I found it well written and interesting . As I said earlier , I realized that I have read a novel about Eve and her dashing and sexy , Irish husband Roarke . I really enjoy their relationship and the constant mentioning of their rocky pasts , especially Eve . I will make an effort to read other Robb novels to find out her past . I think she is a fascinating character that I ca n't wait to read more about.But , no matter what ... I think Remember When is worth reading . Especially if you are going on a long car ride or plane trip .
 I 'm a Nora Roberts/J D Robb fan , and I found having both these stories together was a double treat . The stories were , as always interesting and kept me reading until I finished the book . I preorder most of this author 's books . By the way , I 'm a 70 year old retired -LRB- recently -RRB- woman who has been reading since I was 5 years old . This author never fails to interest and entertain .
 When her father and three partners is responsible for a multimillion dollar jewel heist , Laine Tavish is torn . She 's put her con-man father in her past but she still loves him . She ca n't just turn him over to private investigator Max Gannon . On the other hand , her father 's life is in danger because one of the partners has decided to keep all of the diamonds for himself . Keeping herself , and her father alive become the challenges . It does n't hurt , though , that Laine has fallen in love with the hunky Max . And Max will do anything he can to help her . Anything except give up on the diamonds.In the second portion of the story , Laine and Max 's granddaughter has written a best-selling book about the diamond heist and her grandparents ' role in its solution . When she returns from a publicity trip , she finds her house has been ransacked and her housesitter murdered . Police Lieutenant Eve Dallas and significant other billionaire Roarke discover that the murder is connected to the now-ancient diamond confidence scam . Someone thinks that the granddaughter knows the secret to the share of the diamonds that went missing and will stop at nothing to get them for himself.Author Nora Roberts -LRB- the book is billed as a collaboration between Nora Roberts and J.D. Robb , a Nora Roberts pseudonom -RRB- combines sizzling sensual attraction with exciting adventure and a pair of women who refuse to back down and let the men in their lives handle the rescuing . Roberts ' writing is strong and compelling , dragging the reader into the action . The story of the missing diamonds and the way that they are hidden is clever and believable , but the real strength of the story is in the strong female leads and their romances with the men in their lives.I 'm not sure I buy into letting the final quarter of the diamonds alone at the end of the first half the novel -- for me , the justification seemed weak and I do n't see how Max would have gone for it . But without it , we would n't have the second half the novel so I ca n't complain too much . I found Roberts/Robb 's descriptions of mid-twenty-first century police work interesting and largely convincing . Advanced computer technology , hyper-extensive databases , and sophisticated pattern matching algorithms are reasonable extensions to current research and continued traffic problems are a no-brainer . Roberts assumes that diamonds will still be precious and rare in 2059 . I 'm betting on dirt-cheap diamonds thanks to synthetic production , but my forecasts are far from perfect.The attraction of REMEMBER WHEN is n't the futuristic insights or clever cons , though . It 's in the romantic entanglements between complex men and women , and the sensuous bonds that bring them together and allow them to overcome the wounds that damaged them and threatened to cut them off from humanity . In Nora Roberts ' world , love really does work miracles and she makes us buy into the myth.Very nice indeed .
 Laine Tavish , owner of a growing antique shop in tiny Angel 's Gap , has struggled to put down roots and shed her past as Elaine O'Hara , daughter of a small-time crook . Building a comfortable life for herself , she covets her privacy almost as much as she values her friends . But all that she has worked for is suddenly threatened by an odd visitor to her shop , which is even more disturbing when she recognizes him -LRB- too late -RRB- from long ago , just seconds before he dies in her arms . He ran straight from his encounter with her into the street and the path of a car . The words he whispered as he slipped away made no sense to Laine . While she is puzzling over what it means , she encounters another stranger to her little town
 the story was great ! Yes , I wanted to skip part one of the book just to get to Eve , Roarke , Peabody , etc. but I endured just to make part two make sense as far as the mystery goes.Part one was interesting as a romance/mystery but as far as romance goes , I did n't feel like Laine and Max actually fell in love . Lust , yes . But love ? -LRB- Let me put it like Roarke would say , `` Hmm . '' -RRB- And , yes , I do believe that love at first sight can be pulled off but not in this story . While saying all that , I still like the story . It was intense about the diamonds and all . And of course there is a parallel between Laine being the criminal like Roarke and Max being the cop/PI like Eve . If all four had actually sat down and talked , that would have been interesting.Now , part two did not disappoint me ! No J.D. Robb mystery has yet disappointed me ! Sharp dialogue , kick a ** scenes , mystery , and of course love , hey -- you ca n't go wrong . One thing I was waiting on was for Eve or Roarke to buy a replacement goldfish for Samantha . And another thing I was waiting on was for the deep meaning about how that lunatic was the lunatic 's grandson . The lunacy skipped a generation . So ... do n't you think Eve and Roarke would wonder about their own , as yet to be talked about in great detail , kids ? Personally , I ca n't wait to read about Eve pregnant AND moody with more attitude than what she already has ! New York murderers , beware ! And would n't it just be a kick in the head if she had twins ? They do run in the family ... I flat out love this series . And if you have n't heard , according to Nora Robert 's website , the In Death series is optioned for screenplay . Interesting to see who they will get to play these characters if it does make it to film .
 Two completely individual yet connected novels in one action packed book that combines both of the authors personalities.Hot Rocks : What if your father was Big Jack O'Hara - thief , scam artist , grifter?Laine chose to change her name and move to a small town where no one knew her . Things were going good for her , too , until her her father 's friend manages to get himself killed right out in front of her antique shop . His last cryptic words to her being ` Hide the pooch ' . Big Jack : Upon returning home from her two-week book tour all Shannon can think of is putting her feet up but instead she finds her house-sitter with her throat slashed and winds up with a hotel mixed with interviews with Eve and Peabody . All due to some rocks her grandfather stole .
 I absolutely loved the format of this book . With Nora Roberts writing the first part , and J.D. Robb the second , it was very well done . I am a huge fan of the Eve Dallas character . I have all of the Death books . This just brought another deminsion to the story line . I listen to alot of these on audiobooks , and love Susan Erickson . She is a wonderful reader . She brings all of the characters to life for the listener .
 Tongue in cheek , Nora Roberts teams with her alter ego , J.D. Robb , to create a two-books-in-one surprise.This is one of those Nora blockbusters that you simply ca n't put down , and that you love every step of the way . The first story , which takes place in the present day , follows Laine Tavish , owner of an antiques store in Angels Gap , MD , and sexy hunk Max Gannon , who has been sent to Angels Gap on the trail of missing diamonds worth countless millions.Good at his job , Max has already found out Laine 's deep , dark secret
 In the present , Laine has made a new life for herself by pulling the biggest con of her life . She reinvented herself into a respectable antique dealer , someone no one would suspect of being Jack O'Hara , conman 's , daughter . In one fatal moment , her past catches up to her when her `` uncle '' comes back into her life only moments before being run down by a car . His last words are ones she takes as incoherent ramblings , until insurance investigator Max Gannon shows up looking for diamonds that her father and uncle were responsible for stealing . Max is not the only one looking for the treasure ; Jack and his deadly partner are as well ; and the partner , Alex Crew , wants all the diamonds . Anyone who gets in his way , including Laine , is a target for murder . Max , Laine , and Jack partner to find the diamonds and stop Alex before more people die . In the process , Laine and Max fall in love.Fifty years later , Max and Laine 's granddaughter has capitalized on their love story and written a bestseller about how three quarters of the treasure was found . One fourth is still lost , and though Alex Crew is dead , there are still people who want to kill for them . That makes them Eve Dallas ' business . When bodies begin turning up near Samantha , Eve and Roarke step in to put the saga to rest once and for all . ***** Remember When perfectly meshes the two halves of Ms. Roberts ' persona into a novel that goes down smooth as Irish whiskey . Whether you love her romantic books or her futuristic thrillers , you will enjoy this . Her trademark flair combines with originality to keep you rooted to the edge of your seat , and sorry to turn the last page that you have been compelled to race to . ***** Amanda Killgore
 When I realized that Nora Roberts was `` co-writing '' a book with her own alter-ego JD Robb , I began to bounce up and down like a child on christmas morning . I have been a Nora Roberts fan since I was around 17 or 18 -LRB- she being one of the only romance writers I can enjoy -RRB- and have been devouring her work since . I got hooked on her JD Robb stuff about 5 years ago , and now whine my way through the 6 month gap between books . So , you can imagine my anticipation for this book.First of all , I bought it in hardcover , which is a rare purchase for me . With the exception of Nora Novels , I rarely buy hardcover ... too much money . And I read it in one night ... could n't put it down.It starts out as a Nora Novel , with the events happenning in 2003 . Then it flashes over 50 years forward and Eve Dallas -LRB- one of the best characters ever -RRB- becomes entangled in a case involving the descendants of the first part of the novel.What a great melding of her two styles , while staying true to both aspects of herself .
 If you like Nora Roberts books and J.D. Robb books -LRB- one and the same author -RRB- you will love Remember When which combines all the best of both `` authors '' The first half of the book is vintage Nora Roberts with a diamond hest thrown in for suspense . The second half calls forth Eve Dallas to solve a 50 year old crime . It 's a great-fun read .
 yes , the book could be boring , and if you have not read the in death series , eve does come across strong . but , the book gives nr fans a chance to see what jd robb is writing and maybe get some new fans . the first part is classic nr . very well written . after reading the other 17 books , the second part made sense . do not be turned off by the 56 year difference . take a chance . i do n't think you will be disappointed .
 This author is so prolific it 's amazing that she can come up with so many twists . It 's better than a TV soap or series . Read them in chronological order if you can as she refers to previous cases . I will be sick when I get to the end of the series ...
 I 'm only half-way through and I 'm still amazed at the tying together of subplots into the main plot . I ca n't put it down at night .
 The book starts with Nora Roberts story about a diamond theft . It then forwards in time with a book written about the theft and returnof most of the diamonds . There starts J.D. Robb with the final resolution and diamond recovery . Read and enjoy .
 You ca n't beat Nora Roberts for a good book . I liked the combination of her and J. D. Robb . Great !
 Ms. Roberts out did her self with this one . Using both her names to write a book was nothing short of genius
 Having oneself for a co-author makes a very dependable partnership if the ` two ' coconspirators are as exceptional as Nora Roberts . In ` Remember When ' J. D. Robb joins her alter ego Nora Roberts to write a two part story about a diamond heist which occurs early in the twenty first century when Jack O'Hara steals twenty eight million in glittering gems along with his friend willy Young and their ruthless and conniving associate Alex Crew . When Crew turns on his associates Jack sends Willy to stash their part of the loot with his daughter Laine Tavish -LRB- formerly Elaine O'Hara -RRB- while he believes that he is lead Crew away . However , Crew and a handsome private investigator , Max Gannon continue to pursue Laine . Crew wants the diamonds at any cost while Max discovers that he needs Laine more than he needs to find the diamonds . Thus begins the search to find the elusive diamonds.This first part of the tale is engrossing and sets up the second half which features Eve Dallas and Roarke as they investigate the death of a young woman that may be related to the recent publication of a book about the infamous heist of half a century ago . The murder occurred at the apartment of Samantha Gannon , the grand daughter of Laine and Max and revealed that in excess of seven million dollars worth of diamonds were never recovered . Someone wants those gems now worth twice the original value and is willing to kill for them . Together Eve and Roarke must find the culprit and avenge the murders.Both parts of this tale are quite good and the doubleheader is well worth the investment in a hardcover edition . I did slightly prefer the first part as it was more original and the characters were new and refreshing , but both parts were truly worth reading .
 The idea for this book was sensationally clever , and the best part is that the story does nothing to diminish the sparkling entertainment for which we had hoped ! Roberts give us a romantic thriller in Part I -- featuring small town antique store owner Laine Tavish . Daughter of con man and thief Jack O'Hara , she makes a straight life for herself after nearly following in dad 's footsteps . When insurance investigator Max Gannon visits her shop hunting for stolen diamonds , he finds not only clues but instant love with the lovely Ms. Tavish . Together they stave off the bad guys , mostly one Alex Crew , and recover most of the gems in a suspenseful plot.JD Robb , author of the `` In Death '' series featuring NYPD homicide Lt. Eve Dallas , takes over in Part II . Almost half a century later , she is called to a murder scene at the house of O'Hara 's granddaughter , author of a popular book about the missing diamonds . Soon Eve , with help as usual from hubby Roarke and sidekick -LRB- now fellow detective -RRB- Peabody , is headlong into both the new murders as well as hunting for the diamonds . Meanwhile , it seems Alex Crew 's descendents may be trying to gain what is their `` due '' , setting up a race to the finish that keeps we readers doing the same thing!We 're devoted fans of Robb but had never read `` Roberts '' before . We had no doubt the popular author was inventive , and that she carries the co-author charade to the extent of two pictures on the back cover tells of her own humor and lust for life . For Eve Dallas fans , this novel is an incredible treat ; and for those Robert 's fans who have n't met her , enjoy !
 I finally got a hold of this book and read it in two days . This book spans 56yrs . of finding diamonds that have been lost in time . Starting in 2003 Lainie Tavish a shop owner runs into a lost old friend who dies on her sidewalk and tells her to look for a china dog , she has no idea what he is talking about . Enter Max Gannon a detective Insurance Agent on the case who is looking for a fortune in lost diamonds and a great mystery is set to go . The second part is 56 yrs.later and Shannon Gannon , granddaughter of Max and Laine is thrown into a murder and Eve Dallas is on the case . I loved this book it has everything . I wish more had been mentioned about Laine 's Dad I thought he was cool . I highly recommend this bookif you are a Nora fan or Eve Dallas 's In-Death books and you do n't have to read all 17-books to enjoy it . Read it and enjoy .
 Nora Roberts combines her skills as a contemporary romance author with her alter ego , J.D. Robb , who writes futuristic romantic suspense in this single two-part novel . Part I involves Laine Tavish , attractive owner of a small Maryland antique shop . But when her father Jack 's ex-partner Willy tracks her to her business before he is killed in a traffic accident , Laine finally realizes that her past as the child of a con artist has reared its ugly head . Private investigator Max Gannon also meets Laine , as he believes that she may know where Jack hid the diamonds stolen in his most recent heist . In this crafty mix of suspense and romance , Max and Laine become allies personally and professionally as they try to discover where Willy might have hidden the diamonds during his brief visit to Laine 's shop , as they must also elude Alex Cross , the mastermind of the heist who wants to recover all of the diamonds.Fast forward to year 2059 when Lieutenant Detective Eve Dallas is investigating the murder of a woman who was house-sitting for her friend , Samantha Gannon , an author who wrote a book about the meeting of her grandparents , Max and Laine , and their investigation into recovering the diamonds , though the one quarter belonging to Alex Cross was never found , and he died in prison . And when Samantha 's cleaning lady is found murdered , Eve and wealthy entrepreneur husband Roarke believe that the murders are somehow connected to the missing gems , as they seek to locate the whereabouts of Cross ' son . No holds barred suspense , terrific romance between Eve andRoarke are carefully combined with references to the technological advances in the not too distant future .
 I read Remember When with some trepidation , after all its a big `` ask '' to seemlessly blend the two styles and established characters from both sides of Nora 's writing career . Also , I had never read J. D. Robb before and had no interest in doing so . How wrong I was.The first part of the book is set in present day and written by Ms.Roberts . We have a pretty conventional story between the two leads , Laine and Max , and a nice assortment of background characters including Laine 's Father , a con man , thief and lovable rogue.And they are all hunting diamonds . In approx 250 pages we have a great romance , a grand adventure and recovery of part of the haul.So , part two deals with the unsolved mystery of the rest of the diamonds and a view into the world of J.D.Robb 's Lieutenant Eve Dallas and her gorgeous husband Roarke . This is the world of the `` In Death '' series and it does ` nt matter if you have ` nt read a word of them before - the dialogue and storyline flows.Here it is Laine and Max 's granddaughter who becomes involved , when her housesitter is murdered and the old case comes back to haunt them.The whole book was expertly plotted and written - although I guessed the culprit way before the end it did ` nt spoil my enjoyment one whit . I would highly recommend it - this one had something special about it , and yes , I 'm off to get the back copies of the `` In Death '' series!Funny . Moving . Different . Highly recommended .
 Nora Roberts and J.D. Robb never ceases to suprise me . I loved both stories and could n't wait to finish them . Ca n't get enough of Dallas and Roark and just when I think the In Death stories would start getting old she throws in more suprises and keeps them fresh and interesting . I hope she gives Samantha her own story . Buy this book . It 's a great read .
 I found it easy to use even though I am not real savy about computers . It was fun to bring back memories and record them so they will be available for my family . Right now they are stored in my head . When I am gone , the memories are gone . Since they are off raising their own families , they may find my memories interesting someday . I am so glad they will have this program to use for themselves as they raise kids . What a fantastic tool and so useful in the busy life they lead today . I love it . It ` sa good gift for weddings , babies , or families .
 The idea of stolen diamonds immediately lured me to this novel . I am just now being formally introduced to the suspense of award-winning author Nora Roberts . Quite frankly , I am thoroughly impressed with the talent of this very fine writer who has meticulously crafted a wonderful story . The characters are all amazingly real . Roberts manipulates time-lapses exceptionally well ; this can be very tricky . I 'm convinced that I have to read the other works in her series.Highly Recommended Read !
 The first part of the story is a classic Roberts romance , from the heroine who owns the funky little shop to the handsome and hard-nosed hero with a few `` unexpected '' gentler qualities . This part is also a bona fide suspense novel . We wonder just who the villain is for a while , and then what he will do to get the huge haul of diamonds floating around . The end is very satisfying and neatly ties up the whole story , except for one thing
 I just finished Remember When , I have never read a Nora Roberts book before but I sure am glad I have now . I was camping and I always bring books to pass the time . I was so intrigued that I had to read the last few chapters of the book by propane lamp and moths swirling around my head not that I am complaining I just could n't wait to finish the book waiting until morning was out of the question . I can hardly wait to read many many more Nora Roberts / J. D. Robb books . I just wish I had discovered Nora Roberts before now , but better late than never .
 If anyone has read any other J. D. Robb books , this one -LRB- including all others -RRB- is a keeper . My review will be very short and to the point
 I have to agree with one of the other reviews on this book in regards to Part 2 not really involving the Samantha Gannon character . When I first started reading it I had assumed that Part 2 would be about Laine Tavish 's granddaughter , but it was n't . It only referred to the book Samantha was writing . Samantha was a big part of the first chapter of Part 2 , but then that was it . The rest of Part 2 was about Eve and Roarke and being I have n't read any other J.D. Robb novels I ca n't say I understood their humor , marriage , or background nor did I really care for the character of Eve . I found Eve to be rude , obnoxious and down right nasty to the `` little '' people like waiters , doormen , security guards , receptionists . It appears Eve claims her rude personality is a privilege for her lieutenant position and thinks nothing of treating those in lower positions like dirt . She even encourages Peabody to do the same . As a prior receptionist and security guard , I can guarantee there are detectives and lieutenants that do not conduct themselves in this childish manner and still get what they need to do their jobs . I 've always gone out of my way in order to help police personnel and never once was I treated the way Eve treated everybody . I guess I 'm writing a book on this topic , but it 's really the only thing that annoyed me in Remember When . I wo n't be reading any more J.D. Robb novels , but I will still read books by Nora Roberts . Overall , it was a good mystery , but I kind of figured out who the killer was after the second chapter in Part 2 which left me flipping pages on Eve and Roarke 's awful sex scenes just to finish the book . Part 1 gets a 5 , Part 2 gets a 3 , overall a 4 . SPOILER ALERT !! DO N'T READ THE NEXT PARAGRAPH IF YOU HAVE N'T YET READ THE BOOK !! I think a mistake the author makes alot in her books is that she tends to give away vital information that takes away from the mystery of the book . Re
 Another good one from Nora Roberts/J . D. Robb . Story starts in one era with strong characters and ends in another with Eve Dallas and Roarke .
 Never read a book like this one before . When the present day continues into the future ! brilliant idea . Wonderful content !! One of my favorite books !
 What a great idea ! Part 1 is a Nora Roberts romantic suspense . Part 2 takes the story in Part 1 into the future with a J. D. Robb `` Eve Dallas '' finale . 5 STARS for the setup alone!As far as content goes , there is nothing new or exciting in the Nora Roberts half , although it is a still a good story . Most J. D. Robb fans will acknowledge that the last few Eve Dallas stories have been a little lackluster . We are hoping it is a buildup to new and better things for Eve and Roarke . 4 STARS.This makes my average rating 4.5 stars . I had to go with 4 stars overall rather than 5 , because the whole book lacks the tension or edginess that I like in a NR/JDR book .
 The first part is about Laine the daughter of a con artist and Max an insurance investigator . Their story is light and funny , and their love story so `` easy '' despite their differences . I was so sad when the first part ends , it was too short.The second part takes place about fifty years later with Lieutenant Eve Dallas and her gorgeous husband Roarke . Like in Imitation in death their relationship seems more settled , seems to have reach a kind of stability . Although the world of JD Robb is darker than the NR 's one , the second part is not less funny -LRB- especially with the `` new '' Peabody -RRB- . The only thing amiss in this book is the `` in death '' chronology which is kind of uneven . In the NR 's companion , Remember When is after Imitation in Death and the more significant part -LRB- Peabody `` situation '' -RRB- agree with that . But Summerset 's holidays and the dates do n't match
 With Remember When , we get two great stories written by popular writer Nora Roberts and her alter ego , JD Robb . Nora Roberts is a great romance writer who just happens to write great mysteries/suspence under her pseudonym . Finally she brings both of her talents into this 2-part novel.Remember When is written in 2 parts - part one features Nora Roberts writing style - the heroine is Laine Tavish who owns an antique shop ... but she also harbors a secret past . She is the daughter of a conman and her past comes back to haunt her when her uncle comes to visit . Her uncle gives her a warning and then dies of a car `` accident . '' Now Laine is targeted , her home searched and Max Gannon shows up to find out why . Together she and max work to find the secret and the hidden treasure.Part two - takes us into the future . Eve is a detected who is trying to find the treasure that has eluded Max and Laine . She is joined by Roarke - a handsome reformed thief . Together they try to solve the decades old mystery , murder and find the treasure . The epilogue reunites Lanie and Max -LRB- now grandparents -RRB- and brings the two stories together.Remember When is Nora Roberts and Jd Robb at her best - it will introduce NR fans to JD Robb series and vice versa .
 I love the way Nora Roberts/JD Robb blended the two stories together . WONDERFUL read ! . . and such an innovative idea !
 I highly recommend this book ! This was the second Nora Roberts book I 've read , and the first J.D. Robb and I loved it . She is a gifted story teller and easily draws the reader into the story . I love the way she sets this story in the present -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and then takes it into the future . Hers are books you do n't want to put down until you 're finished , and then when you 're finished you wish there was more . The characters are very real and endearing . I 'm am a big fan and will definitely be reading more of her books .
 When I first heard that there was going to be a `` co-author '' book between Roberts and Robb I thought that it would short change us on the Robb part of the book . However after purchasing the book and reading it the only thing I could wish for was that both parts had been even longer . I absolutely loved this book and would have no second thoughts about picking up another done in the same fashion . I loved the way these two stories -LRB- because they are excellent stories in they 're own right -RRB- were melded together to form one absolutley awesome book . Even though I had plenty of other things I was supposed to do -LRB- such as sleep -RRB- I could not put this book down . I was captured from the first page to the last .
 `` Remember When '' , brilliantly co-written by Nora Roberts and her alter ego J.D. Robb , is an utterly delightful novel , melding present day romantic suspense with futuristic police procedural into one spectacular whole ! `` Remember When '' is sure to thrill this author 's multitudes of dedicated fans , and will , without a doubt , win over legions of new readers as well . With its hip dialogue , exhilarating mystery , and steamy romance this novel undoubtedly lives up to the extremely high standards we have come to expect from both Nora Roberts and J.D. Robb.The first half of `` Remember When '' is set in the present day -LRB- 2003 -RRB- and sets the stage for a mystery that will take more than half a century to solve . Laine Tavish is the owner of a small and modestly successful antique store in Angel 's Gap , Maryland , where she has built a quiet and comfortable life for herself . But Laine is n't just a shopkeeper in small town , USA , she 's also the daughter of con man `` Big Jack '' O'Hara , and spent the first half of life following in her father 's footsteps . Laine believes she has left that side of her life behind long ago , but it all catches up with her when her father 's best friend dies right outside her shop , dragging Laine into a multi-million dollar diamond heist.Private Investigator Max Gannon is on the trail of these missing diamonds , and his path leads him right to Laine Tavish . Though determined to find the diamonds , Max soon discovers that he needs Laine a whole lot more , and the two begin a whirlwind romance as they both tumble headlong into love . Laine and Max 's relationship is exciting and enticing , and though it all happens extremely fast , Roberts ' deft hand makes it all seem believable.But the trail that led Max to Laine has led a ruthless murderer to her as well . A madman who will do anything to recover the diamonds he thinks Laine can lead him to!The second half of `` Remember When '' jumps forward to New York in the year 2059 , and a good portion of the diamonds have still never been found . Max and Laine 's granddaughter , Samantha , has just published a book about the diamond heist , and returns home from her book tour to find her home ransacked and her housesitter dead . Which is how the case comes to the attention of Lieutenant Eve Dallas , who is now bound and determined to solve the case , catch the new culprit , and recover the missing diamonds.The cast of characters we have come to know and love in J.D. Robb 's `` In Death '' series are back in this installment and better than ever , including Eve 's charming , ultra-rich , and always helpful husband , Roarke and the Lieutenant 's faithful sidekick , Peabody . And though the guilty party is essentially revealed to us halfway through , the story itself keeps the reader completely enthralled and tearing through the pages.So with the help of her husband and co-workers , it is up to Eve Dallas to solve this mystery once and for all , and close a circle that has brought about violence , deceit , and murder for more than fifty years!The very idea of this book was a stroke of genius in itself , and Roberts has smoothly brought that idea through to fruition . `` Remember When '' is a hugely entertaining tale , filled with sympathetic and admirable characters who readers can really root for . I can not recommend this book enough , so do n't hesitate over the hardcover price , buy it today ! Nora Roberts and J.D. Robb are an unbeatable team and I ca n't wait to see what they come up with next !
 Nora Roberts aka J.D. Robb is a fabulous author . You ca n't miss with one of her books . As J.D. Robb she grabs you attention and keeps it though the entire book . They are very descriptive - you can picture life in the situation that is presented in the book .5 + stars
 This is a great book . Nora Roberts/J . D. Robb is a wonderful writer . Nora Roberts writes the first story in the present and continues with the story in the future writing as J.D. Robb . It is a good introduction to both of her writing styles , as the both are different . I have been a fan of Nora Roberts for a long time , and this book got me hooked on J.D. Robb.It would be nice if they made a movie . Once you get attached to Eva Dallas , the main character , and her husband Roarke , you will want to read all of the J.D. Robb books too .
 loved this book , j d robb is fantastic and her Eve and her adventures in law and life in the future are great
 even though it 's writen by the same writer , it 's like it has been writen by 2 different people . i enjoyed it very much .
 An excellent book with suspense and mystery.A good read for a bubble bath plus a glass of fine wine to get comfy . Lets your imagination soar your heart pound and your mind wonder . Who could ask for more .
 This book was very enjoyable as Nora Roberts wrote of an unsolved murder occurring 50 years prior to Lt. Eve Dallas . The second half brought the characters created by her alter ego J. D. Robb and solved the 50-year old crime . I really enjoyed this book more than any I have read by Nora Roberts and J. D. Robb
 I loved this book , especially combining Eve Dallas with the original story to solve the case . Great read .
 I am totally hooked on JD Robb , but have n't really gotten into Nora Roberts ' other books , mostly because I do n't have a high opinion of most romance writers . REMEMBER WHEN has changed my mind about reading Roberts ' other books . REMEMBER WHEN kept my interest thru-out the entire book and I loved seeing `` the next generation '' from the 1st half followed thru in the 2nd half . Lane is every bit the tough gal hero that Dallas is even tho ' she is a completely different character . Kudos to Roberts for developing Lane 's history with her dad and weaving it into the story so naturally . In the 2nd half , the problems for Eve and Roarke because of his former lover added an interesting dimension -LRB- especially re Somerset -RRB- . The grandson-bad-guy was somewhat formulaic and predictable , but I 'm too in love w / Eve 's & Roarke 's world to object strongly . Good story , interesting twists and turns . Hope all Roberts ' non JD Robb novels hold the same in store for me because it 's a long dry spell between one JD Robb novel and the next .
 Since this novel is in two parts , I will review it in two partsPART ILaine Tavish has worked hard to escape her past . All though she loves her con man father , John O'Hara , Laine knows she ca n't live his life . Now , she has established a new life , and owns the antique store Remember When . Thinking Laine 's old life is gone , she is shocked when she sees her fathers old friend stumble in , and is more shocked when he dies moments later . Soon , investigator Max Gannon apears , investigating a diamond hiest , perpatrated by Laine 's father and another man named Alex Crew . Crew is killing off all the men involved in the hiest , and its only a matter of time before he goes after Laine to.PART IISamantha Gannon has written a book on the diamond hiest that her great grandfather was involved in , bringing new attention to the case . The last thing Samantha expects though , is finding her room mate murdered . Trevor Whitter , Alex Crew 's grand son , has come . One fourth of the diamonds were never recovered , and Trevor belives Samantha know 's where they are . The only people who can stop him , are Lt. Eve Dallas , with assistant Peabody , and husband Roarke in tow -LRB- even though she does n't want him to be -RRB- . This will prove to be Eve 's most difficult case , with the answer to Where ar the Diamonds ? laying 56 years in the past.Two writers , one woman , one amazing story .
 This was a good story , but it was wrapped up a little too neatly at the end of each half . The characters in the first half were well-developed , but I wanted to hear more about them in part 2 . Nora Roberts ' / JD Robb 's trashy sex scenes were prominent in both stories . I started scanning these sections when that got old , as it usually does for me with her books.I really wanted to know more about Samantha in part 2 . The villain in that half just made me want to slap him . Lots more character development could have been done.Overall , a good story , but predictable ending .
 On the way down to Tucson , I finished up Remember When by Nora Roberts `` and '' J. D. Robb . For those of you who are unfamiliar with those names , they are one and the same person . Nora Roberts writes romance novels , and also pens futuristic crime novels under the pen name of J. D. Robb . I really like the Robb titles -LRB- the `` In Death '' series -RRB- , so I decided to give this one a try . I liked it a lot ... In part 1 of the story -LRB- written by Roberts -RRB- , a woman is trying to forget her father 's criminal past and has set up a nice existence running an antique shop in a small town . But a partner of her father shows up at the shop , tries to deliver a message to her , and gets killed running out of the shop when a car hits him . When an investigator shows up , she gets really confused as to why all this attention has come her way . Turns out the investigator is trying to track down a multi-million dollar diamond heist , and she 's suspected of being part of the scheme to hide the diamonds . As with most crime novels , she 's innocent but is the target of a killer who also thinks she knows where they are . Her and the investigator team up to try and solve the case.Jump forward to part 2 -LRB- written by Robb -RRB- about 50 years in the future . The granddaughter of the main characters in part 1 is a successful writer who has penned a blockbuster book about the original diamond heist . People close to her start getting murdered , and it appears that it 's related to some unresolved questions about the crime and a missing portion of the diamonds . Eve Dallas and her husband Rourke are called in to sort out the murders and to protect the writer before she is murdered herself.A unique approach to writing a book -LRB- writing as two different authors -RRB- , and it worked for me . Both stories can stand on their own , so it 's almost as if you 're getting two books for the price of one . I 've never read any Nora Roberts titles , and was pleasantly surprised that it was n't as much a mushy romance as I expected . The J. D. Robb portion was good as usual , with all the same players I 've come to know and enjoy . While I 'm not going to run out and start reading Roberts romances , I 'm more likely to at least read the flyleaf to see what the story line might be ...
 I do business plans for others , I do several dozen every year , usually working with clients . What I like about Business Plan Pro is that we do n't have to reinvent the mathematics and finance behind correct financials , and we do n't worry about the mechanics , so we concentrate on the ideas of the business plan , which is far more important.I also like the flexibility , because I do n't want business plans to be cookie cutters . I 've bought most of their previous versions through the years , and most of their competitors , and this one is much more flexible . You can change the outline easily , which matters a lot . You can also customize the fonts and header styles , or , if you really want to , export to Microsoft Word and customize the whole thing . I rarely use the export , and rarely recommend it , because the point of a business plan is the thinking , and the numbers , not doing complicated page layout . As it is , Business Plan Pro prints it out in a nice business-like format , with the table information and color charts so the banker can read it , essentially very much like what a business plan ought to look like.I have one client who has worked with the Word integration in this latest version . You can have Word open and Business Plan Pro open at the same time , work in Word , and refresh your tables and go back and forth between Word and Business Plan Pro . I do n't think that 's worth it for most , the text in Business Plan Pro is fine , but it 's there if you want it.I also like the ability to export to an Adobe Acrobat file , so you can create a file you can send as an attachment to an email , but the recipient ca n't edit it . We use that a lot.So what do n't I like about Business Plan Pro ? I do n't like the sample plans . The package includes 400 of them . There 's nothing wrong with them , really , but the trouble is that people think they can just use somebody else 's sample plan , and that bothers me , although there 's nothing in Business Plan Pro that says you have to use a sample plan , they say they are just examples , but . By the time you start with somebody else 's sample plan , you have to change your strategy , location , management team , and so much else that its really easier to just use the plan wizard in Business Plan Pro and do your own plan . The software itself gives you a lot of examples and guidance , so I like it better without starting with a sample plan.As you actually do a business plan , use the wizard . There are instructions for every step , basically tables and texts , so you can just guide yourself through it . The truth is doing a business plan is n't that easy , it gets fairly complex , so the step by step stuff is really valuable.I have Windows XP and this software works fine on it . I downloaded without problems , it installed fine .
 I had no background in business planning before I started using this business plan pro 2004 . I desperately needed to write a good business plan for my startup software company but could not afford the high prices of a business consultant . I picked up Business Plan Pro 2004 and was amazed at how creative and professional this software is . It helps you write your plan with the Wizard , step by step . The numbers make sense in your financial forecasts and they all tie together . This is one of the most effective pieces of software I have encountered to date and I use alot of software . You get everything and more for the low price it sells for . As well , the manual , resources and support Palo Alto offers is outstanding . Very happy ! This is a company to emulate .
 Like most people starting a business , I do n't have much of a finance background and have not had to write a business plan before . Based on a recommendation from a friend , I checked out Business Plan Pro.The software helped me the whole way through and the sample plans were a huge help . Each plan that I looked at was over 35 pages and included all the financials for the business . I was very impressed by the level of writing in the samples and used some of the examples to help with my own writing.The financial help was enormous . I could not have done it without the software . It helped me build my sales forecast and cash flow , something I could not have done on my own.I highly recommend this software to anyone starting a business .
 Our company lacked focus and had failed to produce any financial projections during the first 18 months of operations . We were making money but our growth was stagnant . A business coach recommended Business Plan Pro and said our first priority was to write a business plan and project revenues for 5 years out . Business Plan Pro simplified the process and helped us determine the overall direction of the company . In the last 12 months we have acquired several new clients and our sales are up 28 % from the prior-year-to-date . Thanks for the great program !
 Perfect for 2 year olds !!!
 It 's a shame that Microsoft stopped producing `` Money '' . It does everything the average person needs to keep track of finances . If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . The Windows 7 version can accomodate `` Money '' but I doubt that future upgrades will . However , Money will no longer connect to the internet for on-line banking , stock price updates , etc. . If this is important to you , find other software .
 It 's fun but you can get bored easily.There is lots to do though.Two thumbs up for that !!!!!!!
 THIS SOFTWARE MAKES THE PREPARATION AND COMPLETION OF FEDERALINCOME TAX FORMS A SNAP . IT IS QUICK AND EASY TO USE .
 Helps me keep my finances on track ! I can keep track of the people that borrows my money too !! This software is cool and hot ! . If you 're having probs with your finances , you should get it becuase you can exactly where most of your money goes . What I love is it helps you with your taxes at the end of the year also can help you plan your taxes if you want to get a certain amount of returns . I have n't played with it thoroughly to give it 5 stars plus I just got an error on it a couple of weeks ago but have n't receive the error since . I totally recommend all my friends and family to get this software .
 The software is exactly as claimed by Microsoft . It is relatively easy to use and contains a lot of improvements over previous versions .
 The overall experience is great . It would be excellent the rebate can deduct directly from checking out .
 Here is what you must do to have a good experience with this product :1 . Never use Microsoft Passport.Passport is a universal password that can be used to sign on to multiple bank accounts , brokerages , merchants , and God knows what else . It is a security disaster . Avoid it!Your installation of Microsoft Money will be a bit awkward if you want to avoid Passport . Some users believe that Money wo n't install unless you get a Passport . This is false , at least for Money 2006 and earlier versions . You just have to be careful -LRB- and resolute ! -RRB- while you install . See also item 6 . below .2 . Never store your financial data online with MicrosoftMS Money allows you to keep all your financial data stored on Microsoft 's computers , as well as on your home computer . This allows you to access your MS Money data when you are away from your computer . For the unlucky user , it leads to virtually insoluble computer nightmares . Apparently , the local and remote copies of your data can get out of sync . It becomes difficult or impossible to overcome data corruption on Microsoft 's computers . You fix up your local data , and it gets scrambled again when you connect to Microsoft 's computers.If you observe 1 . above , you will not have to worry about 2.3 . Never use Yodlee to download account information from financial institutionsYodlee -LRB- spit -RRB- is a company/method for downloading your account information from banks , credit card issuers , brokerages , etc. . The way it works is that it impersonates a web browser and surfs your bank 's -LRB- or brokerage 's or ... -RRB- web site in order to suck in your account details.The problem is that your bank 's web site is designed for browsing by humans , not software . Small design changes to your bank 's web site can cause Yodlee to scramble the data . Frustrating for you.Many -LRB- but not all -RRB- financial institutions will download your account transactions directly into MS Money without the use of Yodlee . Yodlee gives you access to a larger collection of financial institutions . But it is not worth it.If you observe 1 . above , then you will not have to worry about Yodlee .4 . Keep several backup Money filesMicrosoft Money stores all of your financial data in a single disk file on your computer . This is convenient for you . Money also allows you to store several backup copies of this disk file . I suggest that you configure Money to store 4 -LRB- depending on how paranoid you are -RRB- backup copies . What this means -LRB- for example -RRB- is that if you work with Money one time on each of Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday , Thursday , and Friday , then you will get a total of 5 copies of the file that holds your financial data . The oldest -LRB- backup -RRB- copy will reflect the state of your MS Money data from Monday . The newest -LRB- not a backup -RRB- will reflect the state of your MS Money data from Friday.Why do this ? Because like all Microsoft products , Money will occasionally scramble up your data . If you are not able to unscramble -LRB- there is a `` repair '' feature that you can try -RRB- then your only hope is to revert to an older copy of your data , and kiss your most recent updates goodbye.You might not discover the corruption right away . That 's why I suggest keeping multiple backups .5 . Back up your computer diskThis suggestion is not specific to Microsoft Money . But I feel obliged to mention this anyway . The more you use MS Money , the more you have to lose if your computer malfunctions . You can lose disk data due to a worn out disk drive , or an electronic failure in the computer itself . Your computer can suffer from fire , flooding , or theft . Your data can disappear from simple mistakes by users , or by the children of users!So you have to back up your disk data . Most home computer users do n't bother . But this bears repeating
 I had read reviews of this product on tech sites and found that they were right `` on '' . I can view my portfolio online with MSN Money , very easy to set up ! Downloading transactions from my bank was simple to set up , too . -LRB- You have to call your bank and also have online banking . -RRB- I have been using a version of Quickens for many years and this is my first try at Microsoft 's Money . It converted and downloaded my quickens files without a hitch . Very impressed by that feature . The only thing that I have to monitor is the banking downloads because it sometimes matches them to the wrong transactions I 've entered , but I 'm able to check them against the cleared transactions from my bank to make corrections . I think that I 'm still learning about that feature , and will get it right eventually . Budgets are a little bit of work to set up , but not hard . Lots of good , useful features included , so it 's worth the money.In summary , I like it better than my old quickens mainly because of the investment tools . It does work well , no weird freezes . Overall , I 'm glad I bought it .
 My old computer crashed and I did n't have a disk for my Money 2006 when I built my new computer . The product was no longer available anywhere , but I found it at Amazon.com.Received it in excellant condition in its original packaging , and I was able totransfer all my old files into it without a hitch , right back to where I was right before the crash .
 I see there are several reviews on here that do n't favor this version of Microsoft Money . I have had mine for 2 years and it 's my financial BIBLE ! I love it . No , I dont use Passport and post my financail information on a Microsoft page ... so if those comments stop you ... do n't listen!I am a 43 old woman , self employed and crawling out of debt . Having this tool has helped me 200 % ! I recommend this product to everyone !
 The product is excellent . It is much more user friendly than earlier versions .
 I 've been using Money 2004 Deluxe and I read an article that recommended that unless there are some obviously good features in a new version of Money - you only need to buy the new version every two or three years . The reason being is that after a while Microsoft does not make the patches and fixes available for download and over the last two years I 've had to re-install Money 2004 that I know I do n't get the updates anymore.Since Money 2005 did n't provide any significant features -LRB- of interest to me -RRB- I 've decided to try Money 2006 Premium this year . I 've been using it for the last three weeks and it has been a nice surprise . Are there any -LRB- great -RRB- new features that compells an existing user of Money to upgrade - nope . But the biggest feature that I like is the online integration - something that Microsoft started doing with the 2005 product.It 's so cool to have Money 2006 automatically go out to all my bank accounts and get the latest information and all I have to do is review and accept . Much less painful that my manual entries and then having to log into my bank accounts and verify that payments have been processed.As to the other posts regarding having problems ... it 's been an easy install for me and linking to my MSN account has also been a breeze . I 've had no problems with it so far - and even syncing to my palm with Ultrasoft has been just as stable .
 This update includes a sidebar to link to program features , making easier access to everything . There are also more vendors & advertisements contracted with Microsoft willing to charge you money for their services , though some are free.The one bad feature is that MS no longer provides an option to work offline . Considering that this program involves personal finances , the user should have this option .
 You either use Quicken or MS Money -LRB- or some 3rd party variety -RRB- personal finance software . If you 're happy with what you 're using , why change?The reason I changed is that I had been using Quicken for a number of years , then migrated to a different hard drive . Oooops ! I misplaced my Quicken 2003 CD-ROM ! Well , time to upgrade , anyway . Let 's take a look at what 's available on Amazon ... Hmmmm ... let 's read the reviews ... hmmm ... HMMMMM ! It seems as if Quicken has gone the way of so many successful high tech trail blazers
 This is a very nice set of four different games , very easy to install without any special requirements so even my old laptop is good enough . I 've had a lot of fun with both my sons -LRB- 3-year old and the 5-year old -RRB- .
 I purchased this package about a month ago for my 3 year old son . He has n't had much exposure to the computer and I thought it was time . These cd 's were perfect . I walked him through how to do it and it did n't take long for him to figure it out and do it all by himself . The Polky Puppy and Velveteen Rabbit cd was ok ... but it really could n't keep his attention . The Dr. Suess cd was good , it helps with learning letters and does all kinds of silly stuff when you click on the characters . The Crayola cd was better ... the 3d effects you get after `` flooding '' an area are terrific . This is a good one to exercise mouse skills as you have to point to a specific area and click in order to `` flood '' the area with the color you pick . But the best was the Reader Rabbit cd ... this one keeps him entertained . He especially loves the bubble castle . The songs have a good beat and keep it lively as well . And ... very mouse friendly !
 I bought this for my son who is just over 2 . He had been using the `` Jump Start '' series and got bored with that as he could just hit `` any key '' and it would work . This set has games which need kids to use a mouse , but not with tons of accuracy . His favorite is the Reader Rabbit CD which has lots of matching games , including parents with babies and a `` bubble castle '' where you pop imaginary bubbles with a wand to release trapped animals . I would have given it four stars , but the programs are mildly bugg-y and have to be reset once in a while .
 While I have n't upgraded to Microsoft Money 2006 Small Business I do use the 2005 version -LRB- I usually go two years between upgrades on financial software -RRB- I have to comment that on all issues that S. Livingstone brings up are in MM 2005 SB and I can not imagine Microsoft Money programmers doing away with them.Specifically the following are in there - in the 2005 at least : `` The customer database does not have a field for company name . `` There is a company name field and it is 64 characters long . `` The address fields are n't very long '' is partually true . But you can get 32 characters in address 1 and address 2 lines in addition to City , State and Zip . `` if a customer wants to have the merchandise shipped to a different person at another address , you are only able to change the ship-to address '' is true . You can change the billing and shipping address fields only on a one time basis per invoice . But remember this is a SMALL BUSINESS package that is a mere $ 17 more than Microsoft Premium -LRB- on Amazon.com as of 12-31-05 -RRB- which does not include any invoicing or small business features . I would say that for $ 17 it is pretty good software ! `` Another huge problem is the fact that the invoices can not be adjusted to reflect shipping charges towards the bottom of the invoice under the subtotal . Your shipping charges need to be entered as a line item . We 're an online retailer , so this is a significant setback because all of our orders are shipped and we need to break down the subtotal and the shipping total . `` If you are an online retailer get the proper tool - MM 2006 SB is not the system you need . I run a small service business and it is working great for me . Sure there are a few things I wished were better but again for the price it 's great . `` The invoice designer featured in Money 2006 Small Business is an absolute joke . You 're limited to strict templates that all look like something out of the 1980 's . `` Yes , the invoice designer is not steller but at least you can add a logo and make other changes . Go to the Microsoft Money website and there are some good examples of some pretty cool invoices . It 's not Crystal Reports -LRB- tm -RRB- but at least you can make changes!Overall , I find Microsoft Money 2005 a very good application , for it 's cost . Is it as capable as $ 1000 plus accounting software or even $ 300 accounting software ? No , but for $ 20 it is very useful for the average SMALL business .
 I have always been satisfied with MM and this one is no different . Sure , there are things that I wished were different , but when talking about software as you would anything you must look at the totality of the software . I believe for a small business this software is much better than others . I run two business from my MM , and it handles both just fine . Also this is a microsoft software so that makes it easy to use and PC friendly . Overall , I am more than pleased with this software and have no desire to try anything different .
 Did n't see many noticeable enhancements since 2005 except the performance seems to be much better .
 Set-up for the program is very easy and straightforward . Tips and advice for how to best use it have come in handy . Having to keep track of inventory was somewhat daunting before , now with this software I do n't worry .
 Money 2005 was revolutionary , but many features did n't work . Support was poor . The new product has minor changes , but the things that I consider important now work .
 I have been using MS Money for Small business since I started a one person psychology practice after having been an owner of a large group practice where we used Quickbooks . I never liked QB . I thought it was too complicated to get started and now if I want to use the online banking , I have to pay $ 15 a month to my bank and an extra $ 200 for a one person payroll . I found MS Money for Small Business very easy to set up , no charge for online banking with my bank , and one year free payroll that costs $ 10 a month after one year . Seems to me that using MS Money for SB is a non brainer and using QB is an expensive and complicate proposition .
 Just like the major competitor , This product is very easy to use and upgrade . Is a bit slow when first starting up but then the details and reports provided are very helpful . Have not generated an invoice yet but did try a demo one and I think this product is worth the price .
 Overall good upgrade . Was looking to be able to have sub categories and this upgrade does not allow that .
 This Product rocks . It 's simple , but yet powerful . Much better version than 2005 , and 2004 .
 It was extremely easy to convert from Quicken and the technical support provided has been very helpful . It works awesome for those of us who have a business at home .
 I have used Microsoft Money Small Business for a number of years now , but sometimes wonder what benefit -LRB- other than Bill Gates getting a little richer -RRB- I am gaining from the latest version of the product - this is one of those years .
 I 've read a lot of bad reviews on MS Money 2006 SB . I have to say , I love it . OTHER than the very poor and buggy Invoice Designer , it really is a nice program . You CAN track your inventory IF you take the time to realize that program tracks it for you from each invoice . I did n't think it was working either , but then I sat down w/out distractions and figured it out . I 've been using Money since 2001 -LRB- upgrade in 04 , 06 , and now have Plus - same as 06 if you ask me -RRB- . Anyway , I balance my checking account every morning , I keep track of what I 've sold , what I have left , and my taxes . Money does have some annoying bugs that do n't make sense . My 04 and 06 versions both converted my mortgage payments to paychecks every other month or so . I have no idea why , but I had to delete the payments and re-enter them as new bills . Annoying , but not a huge problem . The invoice designer needs a serious upgrade . It 's not worth including at this point . I can make a better one in Word , but I have n't looked into how to get the information to export/import . As for entering the information , it DOES go from the created invoice to the printed invoice . Someone said it did n't - maybe they did n't save their invoices correctly . My 06 worked like a dream until I reinstalled -LRB- trying to fix the mortgage/paycheck issue -RRB- , and WOULD N'T ! So I downloaded Plus and see no differece at all . Stick with 06 until 09 ! Perhaps that year will be the year of the bug fixes ... . We can only hope . Oh , and I do n't know about the internet banking stuff . I think a MS program would be too easy to hack , so I do n't store account numbers or link to my bank from the program . It takes an extra click to access my bank for bill pay . I 'd rather click than risk getting hacked .
 I love this software for my small business and home money tracking and I love the invoice designer . This software is so worth it to keep track of your money and also has forecast cash flow and can help you see where you can save and also can help you get rid of your debt . I recommend this product to everyone !
 Windows washer is a great program.I just used it for the first time today and now I have 200 more mega bytes on my hard drive . If your short on memory and you do n't know how to clean internet cache , internet history , internet cookies , Windows Temporary files , and other things off your computer I would recomend Window Washer !
 I had used another similar product called CyberClean for many months . I recently downloaded Window Washer and ran the thing . After a minute or so , it reported back that 362MB of disk space had been freed . I had no idea that much junk was on there ; it really piles up . I have now purchased Window Washer for a permanent place on my computer ; goodby CyberClean . By the way , all my other programs still work .
 I first got the trial version from my uncle -LRB- he brought it over on a floppy -RRB- I installed it and washed windows for the very first time ! It cleaned up over 200mega-bytes of space . Just yesterday i washed windows and voila i got a ton of space ! This is a great program , and Amazon.com has a very cheap price . -LSB- ... -RSB- because not only is Amazon a trust worthy site , but they 're reliable to get your product here in good timing ! So if you buy this GREAT product , be sure to get it @ AMAZON.COM !!
 This software is very easy to use . It has a user friendly interface . If you share a computer with other people you should use this product to protect your privacy . It cleans your pc up to Department of Defense standards . This prevents others from using a software to undelete whatever personal information that you have deleted . If you have an old operating system such Windows 98 , ME or Windows 95 you really should get this software . It is also a good idea to use it before donating your old computer to make sure all of your personally identifiable information is completely deleted . I have used this product and can say that it really does work .
 Personally I think it is nice to make homemade cards for friends and family , with the price of cards today this is a plus . Also I can personalize the card and change it to what I want to say . I am having alot of fun with this program . It has a built in address book and calendar and a reminder so I will never forget another birthday or whatever . Then there is the card just for fun because I am thinking of someone . I have not had any of the problems that I read in the other review and I really like this product for the price . I am totally satisfied .
 I was looking for an easy-to-use software program to design my own note and greeting cards , using my own photos . For 10 bucks , I figured I did n't have much to lose , so I bought it - and have used it steadily ever since . It does n't have a lot of bells and whistles , but I can import my own photos -LRB- processed and framed in my photo-editing software -RRB- , size them to fit , add my own sentiment -LRB- or use one of theirs -RRB- , and even print my own card logo on the back ! I 've used more expansive -LRB- read
 I am very pleased , so far , with this software . I am finding it user friendly .
 I 've been using MS Money for the past 6 years , getting a new version almost every year . You ca n't beat the price for this product - the Standard version is practically free with myriads of rebates and special offers -LRB- or simply get it from eBay -RRB- . The latest versions -LRB- 05 and 06 ; 06 is n't that much different from 05 -RRB- are very stable , rich in features and generally easy to use . The improvements made over the years in the online features are especially impressive - I am now getting automatic updates of 2/3 of my bank/credit/brokerage accounts.My biggest complaint - you find this only after installing the product , not anywhere in the Amazon product description or on the retain box - is that you are limited to 2 years of online update services . This means you will have to get a new version of Money at least every other year . I personally do n't make a big deal of this restriction , but the practice of advertising all the cool online features without mentioning their term limits -LRB- not even in fine prints -RRB- is rather questionable .
 I 've been using either quicken or money since the late 80 's . I started out with Quicken , but then one day my computer hard drive crashed . I thought I would be OK , since I always backed up my quicken to alternating floppies ; however , Quicken could not recover my files from the floppy backups . I switched to MS Money in '95 and NEVER LOOKED BACK . I have been using MS 2006 for several months -LRB- it was preinstalled on my Compaq laptop -RRB- and find only one annoyance ; they seem to be keen on you putting your Money data on the web . Sorry , I do n't trust MS security that much , but I do like MS Money 2006 . I hear there are not enough improvements in the 2007 version to justify an upgrade . Also , if you have 2005 , no real need to go to 2006 either . I did trial a copy of Quicken last year just to see if they 'd caught up with Money , but I was not impressed enough to switch .
 After many years of using Quicken , I became frustrated , decided to try something new , and purchased Microsoft Money 2006 Standard edition . My biggest complaint with Quicken was their frequent insistence to upgrade to the newest version , implying that the one I owned was substandard . This year was most annoying , since they are no longer supporting Quicken 2003 and have decided to encourage one to upgrade for a charge of $ 40 !! Well , that was it for me . I read about Money and decided to give it a try . So far , I really like it . It 's as easy to use as Quicken and very complete . I went with the standard edition since the add-ons with the more expensive versions were unnecessary for my purposes . It has reports and summaries like Quicken . Also , I connect to their online services to allow easy downloading for my checking , savings , credit card , and investment accounts . My one gripe is that the credit card register does not allow for memo comments . To correct for this , I added more descriptive categories to distinguish more completely among the charges -LRB- i.e. , the specific details for each job-related purchase -RRB- .
 The interface between MS Money '06 and your bank/credit union is much improved -LRB- meaning it does n't hang in limbo like it used to -RRB- . It also shows the statement balance and the bank balance , which can vary due to credit card charges and other e-payments that have n't posted to the account . The initial charge categories have been simplified , with room to expand as you need to -LRB- I usually categorize Automobile Fuel separately , due to the cost and budget accordingly -RRB- . All in all , an improvement over the 2005 version I was using .
 This version appears to be little changed from the 2005 version . I find little use for the enhanced versions as the standard version does everything I need in terms of tracking and updating my various accounts . I find the budgeting tools to be weak but highly recommend this as a very good tool for planning for expense and revenue activities and keeping score of actual for the normal family .
 Beginning with the first DOS version , I 've been a Quicken user for many years , both for business and personal use . Far too frequently , Intuit abandons their user base and forces an upgrade . Finally fed up with this , I switched to Money and could n't be happier.Initially , I downloaded the trial version from Microsoft . Money automatically and seamlessly picked up all my Quicken data . The two programs are similar enough that the change-over was effortless . The user interface in Money is more intuitive . Reports are easier . Compared to Quicken 2002 , Money has a better way of printing that left-over third check on the sheet.Using the basic functions , which is all I need at home , I have not encountered any third party advertisements . One of the Amazon reviews complains about that , and it would be a huge negative for me , but so far this has n't been a problem . In fact , one of my complaints about Quicken is that Intuit-related ads appear from time to time , forcing a response before allowing the user to continue . So far I have n't noticed this in Money , but it wo n't surprise me if it happens . My bank is not capable of interfacing with either Money or Quicken , but in Money downloading credit card information was a snap . Quicken left me trying to do this for most of a morning without informing that my version was no longer being supported .
 When upgrading from Mny 2004 to Mny 2005 my mutual fund summary totals got messed up . Further software version updates never fixed the problem . With that in mine , I test installed the 2006 software on my spare computer and loaded the data via a backup file . All went well and the numbers do seem to add up this time around . Otherwise very litte has changed with the new 2006 version of Mny . They made a few changes to the screen display such as removing the date from some screen displays or putting boxes and titles side by side rather than stacking them on the screen . I also noticed they added an additional tab on the investment screen which has to do with the display grouping function . Otherwise I dont see any big changes . 2004 had an investment display feature which allowed me to position the cursor on an investment by hitting the first letter of the investment symbol . I was hoping that feature might be returned for 2006 . I think the investment reports could be better , but overall , I think the product is good .
 I 've been using this software for many years . My old PC finally died , so I loaded Parallels and Windows 7 Pro on my Mac ... put Money in and restored from a backup ... all my info was there and I could go forward with software I knew and loved .
 Have used this product for years . System crashed and needed to re-install but could not find my CD . Found this on on Amazon and bought it . Saved me from disaster due to having years of Money files on my harddrives that needed to be retrieved for various purposes.Seller was great . Price was great . Shipping was fast . Very satisfied .
 This is good software for managing your money . It does what it is suppose to .
 I use it to manage our savings and checking accounts . It gives you options to manage other accounts , but I just keep it simple . It works great .
 Microsoft Money 2006 was an upgrade for the Money 1998 I had , so my old file would n't convert . I had a hunch it would n't so had made the necessary preparations . I probably should upgrade more than once every 8 years , but I like the older products better . Money 2006 is lacking some of the report features of the old one , but the Accounts and Bill Summary is nicer . It is a good product for keeping track of your household bills and assets , easy to use and not nearly as intense as Quick Books or Quicken . I 've never had occasion to use on-line support . All in all , a good product .
 Mircrosoft Money 2006 Standard is an easy way to keep track of your money in mulitple accounts . The background banking feature automatically helps you keep track of cleared items and drops them right into your account . Once you set everything up , you ca n't help but to keep your accounts balanced to the penny !
 Very easy to use . I especially like the pie chart that shows your spending for the categories you set up . It will keep track of savings and investments . A budget is easy to set up and you can target certain categories to watch in relation to your budget . This is much easier to use than Quicken .
 My daughter rushed to complete all of the tasks needed to start the show . It took a period of a few weeks playing an hour at a time . She was very persistent and enjoyed creating the signs that pop up throughout the scenery . The costume-matic -LRB- which forces you to make exact change -RRB- was very good for my first grader and took some time so that she did n't exceed the amount required . However once done and we saw the show , the game leaves you unable to do anything else . We have to sign on as a new person or uninstall the game to start it over again . I 'm considering trading my game with friend , so they can enjoy it .
 We got this for our daughter who was 7 at the time , and she chose to play Reader Rabbit over playing Playstation or Nintendo 64 games . The friendly characters are so encouraging and so cute that my daughter walks away when done playing with a smile on her face and a really good attitude . That does n't happen when playing other video games .
 This is a great program for little ones , 2 years + . It moves at a slow pace and has the soft little-bear sensibility and tone .
 Whether you have practiced Feng Shui or not , this software offers a wealth of knowlegde designed to help you understand it 's function in daily life.Each section is narrated to help you better learn the important factors in maintaining good Feng Shui throughout your home and office.An example of what I 've learned is that in order for the proper flow of Chi , water should n't be near fire . Translated this means that having your stove right next to your refrigerator is bad Feng Shui . Interesting stuff , huh?Feng Shui is handy for those who are thinking about remodeling their home because of the helpful layout hints and do 's and do n'ts of arranging furniture.This software is a great way to begin your Feng Shui practice , or simply polish up on the knowledge you already have . You will find the content satisfying and intriguing .
 I purchased this for my girlfriend , Beth , who has been really into decorating and interior design . Before I knew it , she 'd gone nuts with the idea and re-organized and re-decorated the whole house -- with the exception of my office . She told me I 'd be sorry for not letting her in there to make sure the Chi was moving properly . Truth be told , she was right . I 'm going to let her work on my office since all of a sudden I find myself feeling very energized when in the rest of the house and very melancholy when in my office.This piece of software has changed our lives . Chi moves freely throughout the house -- and our lives .
 This CD Rom covers a wide range of topics , yet is easy to navigate and understand . This CD Rom will be useful in the work place and at home . I wish I had had this years ago . There are many projects I 've undertaken that I would have done differently with the sound advise from `` Feng Shui '' .
 It 's fun and easy to use . Packed with good ideas and useful concepts . A friend who 's used this gave it to me as a gift and I 'm delighted with it . Neat idea for the upcoming holidays .
 This is a nice program that shows you pictures and pronounces the words . And has quiz games where you match one of a choice of pictures to the word sounds . The games are very helpful in developing recognition of spoken Khmer words.Since Khmer is so different from English , you can not learn Khmer from a book alone . You need something that will pronounce the words so that you can hear the sounds . I had some of my Cambodina friends listen to it and they said the pronouncenations were good.I recommend this for the absolute beginner of Khmer .
 I received this product as a birthday present . And I was veryexcited when I got it . I tried it right away . It was so fun ! I thinkyou should buy it right away ! It was very educational and challenging . This is more about what you do -LRB- I 'll try not to give it all away -RRB- . So , you are a detective . The Chief -LRB- like on the TV show -RRB- assigns a mission . Some person who works for Carmen Sandiego has stolen something and you are trying to catch the crook ! You `` fly '' to the place where the thing was stolen and people pass by . You can click on them to ask questions about the crook . As you go along , you record some of the information about what the crook looks like and fill out a `` warrant . '' You also ask the people about where the crook went and track the crook down . You can learn a lot about the United States from the clues that the people give you -LRB- like I did -RRB- . You keep tracking the crook until you get to the place where the crook is . It 's hard , too , because you lose fuel every time you fly to a place tracking the crook . When you are there , you look at the info you collected about what the crook looks like , and you try to catch them . The whole game is fun ! You should buy it !
 I received this product as a birthday present . I was really excited to try it , and so I did . Wow ! This game is a blast ! It is really fun ! It teaches you about the USA . It also teaches you about being a detective and solving riddles . It also teaches you about spending your time wisely because as you travel around the USA , you use up fuel for your airplane . You 're a detective and you 're assigned a mission by the Chief -LRB- from the TV show -RRB- . Something valuable has been stolen by one of Carmen Sandiego 's crooks ! You are the only person who can stop that crook . But the more cases you solve , the harder they get ! Buy this product ! Good luck , Gumshoe !
 I like this game I have had it for a while . I stopped playingit but every once in a while I 'll go back and play it , it 's prettyadictive once you first play it and then after a while it gets old and then you go back and play it and you get addicted to it again . I like the people on how they are all different . The animation is great.The places you go is cool and it 's just a neat game . It 's very educational too . I recommend it for children 13 and under .
 The wait for the new version of FreeBSD is over , this upgrade is great . As always is stable and the improvements SMP were something we really apriciate . The compability with Linux is much better but keeping with the tradition Berkeley Unix .
 FreeBSD is currently on fBSD6 at this time of writing . fBSD is a UNIX-like operating system . The other popular UNIX-like operating system is Linux . I would not really recommend fBSD to a novice computer user who wants to learn a good UNIX-like OS because it does have a steep learning curve , but the payoff is worth that time involved . Instead I recommend that a good UNIX-like OS to experiment with is Linux because it seems to have a larger community and is not as difficult as fBSD to learn . I recommend you get Slackware for free from the internet which is a very high standard Linux distro that resembles fBSD . If you do n't like Slackware then fBSD is not for you . Once you have come to terms with Slackware and have learned the Slackbook inside out and want to learn more , then the next best thing is to try fBSD . fBSD comes on three discs . Now you really want to start reading the fBSD handbook in usr \ share \ doc \ en_US . ISO8859-1 \ books \ handbook on CD2 first . Read it and see how much you can apply to Slackware . Automatically you will enhance your understanding of Linux just by doing this and is the major reason to have a look at fBSD . There is a lot of powerful stuff to learn in the fBSD handbook that is not found in the Slackware manual . If you feel you have mastered Slackware then maybe it is time for that fBSD install.The first disc is just a boot disc . Once you have booted the install disc remove it or else you will get an error when trying to install . Insert CD1 and then change the boot settings before you install . Then you will install without errors . It will ask for CD2 . You will be asked at the end of the install if you want to install additional packages . I recommend you install the lot and be prepared to swap from CD1 to CD2 to CD1 like insane . I strongly recommend that you look into VMware Workstation software that can help you learn this and maybe even run it all virtually on VMware installing from ISO but that is up to you . It is , however , the future.Now you have a UNIX-like operating system that many would actually call UNIX . I would tend to agree that it is UNIX rather than UNIX-like and even Apple have used fBSD for developing and deloying OSX . Once you install it the rest is up to you . fBSD is not only a great OS but it will enhance your Linux skills tremendously . You might even end up making the switch .
 I 've been in design and publishing for six years . I 've had to use Quark because Macromedia never made anything better , Pagemaker was a joke , and Illustrator did n't do multiple pages . Quark is quirky . The best thing about InDesign is that if you use Illustrator it 's very easy to pick up . It 's a little pricey , but if you 're doing high end publishing it 's a must . I 've gotten away with doing this type of work in Freehand , which let 's you do multiple pages , but the press sheets are better here.The original version had a lot of quirks , but 1.5 is better .
 Learning science , math , ect is hard for your kids to focus and they can focus on pokemon then they should use this software to makelearning easier . Since they love these pocket monsters ... . so to make learning easier ... buy this software !
 The various PokeRoms -LRB- Pikachu is my son 's favorite -RRB- are a wonderful way to combine a child 's interest in the Pokemon phenomenon with a simple introduction for a child to the use of a computer . It is a wonderful way to play with your child , while at the same time helping the child become interested in a learning game . The most fun part , however , is simply the process of collecting the many Pokemon characters in PokeRom form and adding them to the Pokemon sanctuary . The program is very simple and easy for a child to use . While I agree that it would be an excellent idea to change the questions with each new PokeRom , I still give this product the highest rating for any parent who wants to share the fun of `` Pokemon '' with their child in a creative computer environment .
 As I first explored the Pokerom , I thought WOW ! This is the best in the world ! It 's awesome . A pokemon sanctuary too !!!!
 This is a great Toy for little ones and they wil love the ineractive games . This is a must for Pokomaniacs !
 I have started work now for a few weeks . I received this item promptly and in the condition described.I have been studying books on web design at this time.I am a novice in this area so my only review here concerns the receipt of said item . It is as stated above .
 PokeROMs are mini shape CD-Roms that feature a different character.Each PokeROM lets you play an educational games . One of the coolest features is a multiplayer game that holds over 200 question based on Math , Science , Reading and Social Studies . The more PokeROM you have the more Pokemon you can spot in the Lab.If you need some advice just click on Profesor Oak
 This oddly shaped diskette is placed in your cd-rom drive . itruns a fun program including pokemon -LRB- duh -RRB- I dont want to give it awaybut i can tell ya ` its GREAT !
 The previous versions of Encarta included a host of homework tools . These have now been made into a separate product called Microsoft Student.Homework assignments are the bane of most students I know -LRB- not to mention their hard-pressed and nescient parents -RRB- . This is mainly because of the tedious and mind-numbing chores of data mining and composition . Additionally , as knowledge multiplies every 5-10 years , few parents and teachers are able to keep up.Enter Microsoft Student 2006 - a productivity suite which includes the Encarta Encyclopedia , assignment templates , tutorials , graphing calculator software and a Web Companion.Similar to the Encarta , MS Student 's Web Companion obtains search results from all the major search engines without launching any additional applications -LRB- like a browser -RRB- . Content from both the Encyclopedia -LRB- the full Encarta encyclopedia is built into MS Student -RRB- and the Web is presented side by side . This augmentation explicitly adopts the Internet and incorporates it as an important source of reference - as 80 % of students have already done.This may raise important and interesting issues of intellectual property , though . Web content copyright-holders may demand royalties from Microsoft for the use it makes of their wares in its commercial products.MS Student would do well to also integrate with new desktop search tools from Google , Microsoft , Yahoo , and others . Students will benefit from seamless access to content from all over - their desktop , their encyclopedias , and the Web - using a single , intuitive interface.MS Student 's templates are actually clever adaptations of the popular Office suite of products - Word , Excel , and PowerPoint . They help the student produce homework plans and schedules , projects , book reports , presentations , research reports , charts , and analyses of problems in math , physics , and chemistry . Detailed step-by-step tutorials , Quick Starters , and pop-up toolbars -LRB- menus -RRB- guide the student along the way in a friendly , non-intrusive manner.The graphing calculator is a wonder . It has both 2-D and 3-D capabilities and makes use of the full screen . Aided by an extensive Equations Library , it does everything except cook
 I bought this package primarily for my 14 year old highschool freshman , but my 8 year old 2nd grader has also been using it . Certainly the best learning aide I 've seen . Great research features displaying results from both the encyclopedia and the web . The online math tools include a link that let 's you pick the students course book . Once set up you can go to any review item by chapter and page and read a detailed explanantion of the question just with different numbers than in the book . It has almost eliminated the time I have to spend with him on his math homework . My 2nd grader loves the kids encyclopedia and browsing information on nature and science and even my 5 year old has been looking at the pictures and photo galleries.They all seem to have fun using the software , which is certainly preferable to playing video games.Even though I 'm not even close to having explored all the features , whatever I 've seen so far is outstanding . It 's defintely worth every penny .
 I was originally in the market for a good encylcopedia when this product came to my attention . In the past we had good experiences with Encarta . MS Student 2006 gives us all the benefits of Encarta and much more . We bought this for my son who is a 7th grader.My son has already used this a number of times to help with his schoolwork and we have owned it less than a month . It has summaries of many novels that he has already read and many more well known titles he will be reading later down the road . It has a great math module . I also like the many links directly out of Encarta to the internet.Overall this is a nice product and well worth the price .
 We purchased this for our son who is in 8th grade . He has already used it several times . He loves the book report help . It is easy to use and offers a lot of suggestions on how to organize your work.I would have loved an instruction manual and it did n't come with one -LRB- not even PDF file -RRB- so you have to kind of guess your way through it . It was n't that hard but I keep feeling like there may be more to it that I 'm not aware of and if I had a manual I 'd be better able to help my son use the product . Other than that , I would highly suggest getting this it has already helped with homework .
 I originally went to my local retail store in search of Encarta 2006 Premium . Then , next to it , I saw Student 2006 , which features Encarta 2006 Premium . When I turned the boxes around for the customary comparison , I noticed that some of the features that were in Encarta 2005 Premium -LRB- Virtual Flights , Homework Starters , and Literature Guides to name a few -RRB- were taken out of Encarta 2006 Premium and instead put into Student 2006 . Being an Encarta fan -LRB- and intrigued by the additional features -RRB- , I picked this up instead.When I brought it home , I did n't know what to expect . Will it be what I 'm thinking it will ? Was it worth it ? Should I have waited until reviews came in ? In the end , I believe it was pretty much worth it . The study tools come in handy , and the Encarta Encyclopedia and Dictionary Tools helped it greatly . Just how much was it worth ? Read on.At $ 100.00 -LRB- $ 80.00 here at Amazon.com , it certainly is n't cheap . But , one has to look at the price of all the features it offers . First , we have the featured inclusion of Encarta 2006 . This is valued at a list price of $ 50.00 -LRB- after the $ 10.00 rebate you get for buying Encarta as a separate package , $ 40.00 -RRB- . Then , you get the Graphing Calculator . In the store , these sophisticated calculators usually are valued at over $ 100.00 . Since it is the computerized version , and therefore harder to calculate equations , inequalities , and the like , I 'll say it 's priced at $ 25.00 -LRB- being conservative -RRB- . Next , we have the various tools in association with another of Microsoft 's products , Office . Since these are really a companion , I 'll value them at $ 5.00 . Finally , we come to the online tools , which include updates through Encarta and online trivia games . Since this is a free online service you get with Student , it 's a great deal . I 'll value this at $ 10.00 . Here 's the roundup : List price of Microsoft Student 2006 : $ 100.00 Estimated value of items included : $ 80.00 As you can see , it 's worth -LRB- roughly -RRB- 80 % of what you actually pay for it . That means Amazon.com 's price is extremely fair . If you feel that 's worth it , or if you feel this is a great program for your child -LRB- which in many respects , it is -RRB- , go ahead . I 'll give this 5 out of 5 stars .
 Since I purchased Student 2006 , I have found that it contains information that is not only helpful for me while I 'm in college , but that my nephew can used the same programs but for kids to help with his home . It really meets all the needs of a student that needs quick access to information and do n't have the time to go to the library . This software I would truly recommend to my friends and emmenies .
 We installed and used this product on the SAME DAY . We have two 7th graders that came home with an off the wall -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- homework assignment , looking for a specific type of artist . My dayghter typed in whatever it was they were looking for , and were immediately inundated with all types of information , in an extremely organized manner . They could choose from all types of reference materials , sorted alphabetically . Good product for the money , for sure . Nothing like this on the internet alone .
 The Right Tool for Every StudentWhether a student is studying for an Advanced Placement exam in calculus , or trying to master subject verb agreement in expository writing assignments , Microsoft Student 2006 can help . As a perfect complement to Microsoft Office XP , Office 2003 , or Microsoft Office Student and Teacher , this exciting educational tool promises to revolutionize the way students learn . I suggest every student should have this for further assistance in giving their best shot in presentations .
 Great information and easy to use . Make sure you have the current office suite or the software will not work .
 My 17-year-old uses this software in several ways . It helps her with her homework in Math and Economics . She is also using it to help study for the SAT and ACT college exams.My 11-year-old gets help in science , math , history and she says it 's a good tool for doing projects and term papers . She is in Middle School in 6th grade.I see this as a wonderful tool for my children . I 've always felt that it 's better for a child to find out the answers to their own questions . I do n't give answers , but I suggest ways to find out what they need to know . This software really helps me with my plan of action .
 At Best Buy , etals , this product sells for $ 99.99 , and I thought it too steep . The premium version , though nice , has 2000 fewer articles . Though I am not a student , I find the student extras a value to me , so spending the difference was worth it , in my opinion.I think they should remove the `` Virtual Flights '' , as they are not really graphic , nor informational during its use , so less disk space could be used if this were not available , or at least allowing it to be not installed as a choice .
 Seems to provide all the tools you need for a good graphing calculator funtions . The Encarta web link and stuff is a bit of Bloatware .
 I enjoyed it alot . My kids even more . they use it all the time . they use it instead of playing internet games .
 My kids love going through Encarta and learning new things . The kids section inpires them to learn.I regularly use the product to look up different topics , especially the goody questions the kids come up with on obscure topics I have no way of knowing .
 A great program . I 'm working on a BS and MS in Criminal Justice . The program is for high school studnets , but I 'm finding that I can use Encarta and other parts of the program.I can use . Mircosoft should make a Student 2006 for college students or make teh current program designed for both high school and college students .
 I learned Russian while commuting . I bought the Audiofy for the first course , but I could n't rewind 10 seconds with the 2 different Audiofy players I bought -LRB- my girlfriend 's ipod ca n't rewind either -RRB- . Finally , I just gave in and bought the CD 's and returned the chip . If you are going to learn the language on your computer , buy the audiofy chips - if you are going to learn in the car , buy the CD 's - it 's MUCH easier and less hassles .
 The main benifit of the Pimsleur program is that it teaches the correct accent and pronounciation . If you start with Pimsleur , everything else that you do will be easier . The downside , is that 90 lessons are not enough . I finished all 90 and wished I could have gone on for much longer . The voice actors are great .
 I have only owned Lesson Maker 8 for Adults for a few weeks , but already I find that it speeds the process of crafting lessons , and helps with the wording of questions . I think this will greatly imporve the `` excellence quotient '' of my class handouts .
 Our son received this for his 5th birthday , and he plays it several times a week . There are a number of phonics tasks to complete . All of the tasks follow a circus theme . They range from basic letter recognition up through reading site words . Once completed , you get to go to the prize wagon to pick out things to decorate a float for a circus parade . The more tasks that you complete , the more prizes that you win . The positive reinforcement seems to work with our son . You also get five Clifford books that are written at the same grade level . Playing the game makes our son want to read more Clifford books . We run this on an older Windows 98 system with no issues .
 My kids just loved this new Tonka program . Great graphics and sound . Not a lot of educational value but lots of fun .
 This is my son 's favorite CD ROM game . It has variety of games to select with . I enjoy watching him play . However , he needs help with certain tasks . It is an exciting game which is not too difficult for children 5 and up .
 We purchased Tonka Space Station for our son 's 4th birthday and found it a little advanced for him at the time . We almost took it back to the store but decided to keep it until he was a little older . When we pulled the game back out a few months later , we purchased a gamepad , since it was a little hard to manuever the spaceships with the mouse ... this made all the difference !! My son loves the games now , especially collecting energy crystals and collecting space berries -LRB- he loves to shoot the alien weeds ! -RRB-
 This game has awesome graphics . The best I 've seen in a younger age group product . Smooth framerate and lovely textures . My son is always on it !
 ok , all these Tonka games have been great for all 3 of my sons - 11,8 and 5 They have learned all the tools names , trucks and how they work . and Now they are learning tid-bits about rockets . I love these Tonka games . Great graphics - or so says my 11 year old .
 When is the next one being released ? My son 2yrs 8 months has spent hours enjoying this game . Every weekend we play it together . Highly recommended .
 My children love this game and I feel it 's more challenging than the newer Thomas games . We own four , and this was my children 's favorite . The gears activity is not easy , and my son is still challenged by this even after 3 years of playing .
 i got this cd for my nephew . he already had this one , but he had scratched it to where it would n't play anymore . he loves thomas , so i thought i would get him another one.thanks Amanda Langham
 This is the second time purchasing this game . My son loves it that much . He broke the first CD and cried and cried because he could n't play it . We 've had it since he was 2 years old . He is going on 5 now and the game has not gotten old to him . I like the fact that there are different levels of difficulty and my son has learned to manipulate it to his satisfaction . Bless the makers of this game for aiding in my son 's happiness
 My 4 year old is a Thomas fan & just had to have this . I had my doubts about whether he would be able to play it , but the game is excellent for young children!It has lovely graphics of all the favourite Thomas characters , great puzzles that have 3 stages of difficulty so it will keep them amused for longer , and of course , a wonderful moral throughout the whole game.Overall , a definite MUST-HAVE for the kids !
 The only issue I have in the installation of this product was the `` printer '' . If it found no printer it would come up with these dialog boxes with large error messages . My son -LRB- 3yrs when he received this product , now 4 -RRB- soon got past those errors -LRB- which come up every time we start the game and the printer is not on -RRB- . He loves it ! To this day he will spend a good hour playing this game . It 's not to tough for him , and yet it makes him think . I 'm going to purchase the next one -LRB- I think I have all so far -RRB- , and every one is a winner . Sorry to hear about the touble on install reviews , it truly is a great product once it is running .
 This is an excellent product , my son 22 months old , loves it . It keeps him entertained for hours . Each time he walks past the library door -LRB- where the PC is -RRB- he points at the door and starts making train sounds . Good graphics , nice tunes , etc. . Cool .
 I ca n't believe this product is getting such bad ratings . Our 3 year old Thomas fan loves this game ! We had minimal work at teaching him the navigation of the game , he easily figured it out himself through the verbal directions . It has continued to entertain him for the last two months . As well , it was easily installed on an XP operating system with absolutely no complications .
 I love this CD-ROM a lot . It is as good as the last one . The one game I 'm down on is ` Load the Goods ' . Though it is a good game , I find it challenging . I 'll keep playing this CD-ROM a lot . Because my favorite character is James , that 's why I like it so much !
 Another respondent has suggested that `` Thomas the Tank Engine
 This is the 3rd time I have purchased this game for my children . I have not had any trouble with the game , it 's just that little hands are n't always careful with it . My 6 and 4 year olds have been playing it since they were 4 and 2 both of them love it . I Highly recommend this game .
 I highly recommend this for any young Thomas the Tank Engine fan . My 2.5 year old loves this . The graphics are very nice and detailed . As your child completes an activity , he can click on Thomas and go to the next stage of the journey . This is especially for the child who loves James . The activities on the island are
 When I found this software I was excited because my son LOVES Thomas , but then I read all of the bad reviews and was scared to order it for him . I took a chance and ordered it anyway and LUCKILY we have had no problems with it so far . My son will sit and play it for hours without needing much assistance . I have noticed when you go to Sir Topham Hatts Office and print things out you have to kind of let it do it 's thing and not get ahead of it . It will minimize the Thomas screen and return to the desktop while printing but you just have to click on the icon at the bottom of the page to return to the game . The graphics have been very smooth , not choppy at all . When I installed it there was an option for `` minimum '' , `` normal '' , or `` maximum '' installation . It told me we had enough memory to do the maximum so that 's what I chose . I do n't know what others used so I do n't know if that could be the reason why it runs ok for us . We have a 128MB , 100MHZ computer with a video card that supports up to 2X AGP . I hope other Thomas fans find this helpful to them !
 My son first played this game at our local public library and immediately fell in love with it . So , when we purchased our own computer , this was one of our first software purchases . The interaction in the game is great and allows the user the chance to do lots of different things , such as loading coal into a truck or connecting gears in the proper sequence to enable a crane to remove a disabled train from the tracks . It encourages critical thinking from the child while providing hours of fun . The graphics are very bright and colorful as well . Installation on my system was smooth and easy , and I have n't had any problems running the game since . I recommend this game very highly . There are many different activities for both boys and girls , and they will surely enjoy the bright and fun Thomas activities .
 this game is great it has great action graphics and events if you want a good game buy this one !!!
 THIS GAME WOULD BE FUN FOR EVERY KID , NO MATTER HOW OLD THEY ARE.ALL MY OLDER BROTHERS AND SISTERS BEG ME TO LET THEM PLAY THE GAME.THIS GAME WOULD BE FUN FOR PARENTS ALSO.MY PARENTS ALWAYS TRY TO WIN ME , BUT THEY NEVER CAN.THIS GAME IS FUN , AND EASY FOR KIDS .
 `` Go Spongebob ! Go Spongebob ! '' Spongebob races down the track and passes Angelica while collecting some power-boosts . Finally , he races past the finish line and wins the crusty crab award . You 're computer screen flashes out the words SPONGEBOB 1ST PLACE 2 MINUTES 6 SECONDS . The game Nicktoons Racing allows you to race as your favorite character from Nickelodian on fun-filled tracks . The 3-D gaphics are fabulous and it includes a multi-player mode . The music is great and the voices sound like the ones on the different shows . If you like Nickelodian , this is the game for you .
 I tried 3 different computers and it finally worked.The first 2 computers had Windows 98 and older video cards.The machine it works on has an NVidea GForce2 and Windows XP.The problem is with the either not having very recent videodrivers or not having a compatable video card . The set upnotes give no help.I do n't see an option to use a steering wheel , but it maywork . We used the keyboard.You can race alone , with 5 other characters or againstanother person sitting at the same computer . In 2 playermode you can race against 4 other characters.After picking a character , you race around one of 12 differenttracks fashioned after one of the Nicktoon shows , picking up surprises and jumping on fast launch pads.The surprises let you launch an attack or defense . Noneare violent . One lets you drop green goo on the groundso when someone else passes over it , they get stuck.The driving is easy so you can concentrate on the fun part of the game , that is avoiding surprises and nailing others with your surprises .
 This game may be old , but it 's still fun to play . You can choose the character you want to race with from over 10 characters , including SpongeBob , Catdog , Angelica , and , when you win in all three cups , the Mystery Rider . Even when you reveal who the Mystery Rider is , you can keep playing the game and win gold in the medium and hard modes . Once you beat every cup in every difficulty level , you can ride in a bonus round , which , in my opinion , is not that fun . In the bonus round , you 're not racing against other characters . Instead , you have to collect a bunch of presents under the amount of time given . Besides that , the rest of the game is fun . The best part of this game is that every time you race , whether in a cup or just for fun , different things happen , which are usually funny . For example , some of the worlds have a few `` glitch spots , '' which cause characters to wind up last . One time , Catdog got stuck on the wall of an obstacle , causing them to get 6th place . It looked very funny , because they were trying to back up and nothing happened . Although this game may have a few minor bugs , I still recommend this game to anyone who likes Nicktoons .
 I brought the game for my daughter , Who had one and broke it and this game was hardto fine . she love playing that silly game .
 This is one of the most fun games ever . I 'm 37 and love playing it but you have to use the arrows on the keyboard and after a while it makes my hand cramp but I love playing this game , it is so much fun . My kids and nephew love it too .
 This game is soooooooooooooooooooo much fun !!!!!!!!! I LOVE it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It 's cool how they have a mystery rider in it . I figured out who it is !!!!! I think everyone should buy this game .
 In light of the two previous reviews , I did not expect much.However , I was pleasantly suprised . This game runs GREAT on my puter , a Compaq 7588 , with a Pentium 3 processor . It did not run choppy or bad . -LRB- I am a bit jazzed , as I loved the Board game while I was growing up . -RRB- But to me , this game runs as smooth as silk , and has some good sound and visual effects.It may also help if you run it on DIRECT X 8 instead of 7.0 . I have 8.0 , and it runs perfectly on my machine with no hangs or glitches.If you play against the CPU , I have found action to be very fast and challenging.All and all , a good game for true Battleship fans .
 This game is simply fantastic . It is an excellent and tasteful blend of classic and arcade missions . Eye-popping graphics without the blemish of mortal combat make this game acceptable to all individuals who seek a wholesome diversion .
 This game is simply fantastic . It is an excellent and tasteful blend of classic and arcade missions . Eye-popping graphics without the blemish of mortal combat make this game acceptable to all individuals who seek a wholesome diversion .
 I bought this game beacuase my son wanted to play his Battleship game all the time but he always had trouble keeping track of his shots and either he or the person that he was playing with always got angry because things werent going the way they thought they were , LOL . Well I got this game for him and he does n't have to keep track of anything he just plays and gets some action along with it . He loves it .
 Perhaps MAC users would like to be able to buy this product also . Come on Hasbro - let the games begin !
 Very good software if you want to study the Hebrew Word by Word . Excellent software , has a quiz at the end to help with studying the words . The Hebrew can use or not use the vowels to help with reading the Hebrew . I have different versions of the Bible in both Hebrew and English . Book for book this is far may favorite . It does cause you to spend more time studying the Hebrew and the Torah .
 Dude , this game is the best ! This is no boring flat Mr.Pac Man with no action . this game is for anyone ages 6-100 ! Even though i 'm 15 , i find this game incresingly difficult ! In a 3D world you eat pellets , swim , climb tree 's , canoe , seesaw , and more !! You will get a briefing from Professor Pac Man at the start of each maze . There are over 45 mazes and 5 gigantic world 's ! dude if you dont get this game , you are `` MISSING OUT , -LRB- TOTALLY -RRB-
 This purchase was for my son . He is now 18 and he still loves this game ! A great buy
 I am grateful that a new version of Pac-Man had finally come to my house . Hopefully , my parents can play the game , too . They said that they enjoyed Pac-man when they were younger . The new looks in this Pac-Man game are the way the ghosts ' facial expressions look , and Pac man 's face . I also love the way you can make Pac-Man jump over things . There are special levels in the game I find most amusing . One of them is where Pac-Man rides on a wild pig . Another is Pac-man on the railroad track working a pushing car with the up and down handle . The video clips are also a big hit . I love the way Pac-Man makes his little sounds . He makes great moves too . So if you love Pac-man , you may definately love this game .
 This is probably one of the funnest games I 've ever played . I bought it at -LSB- my local store -RSB- ... and thought , maybe this will be pretty cool . I really use to love pacman , and this just makes that love better . The graphics in the game are , to say the least , gorgeous , textures are so dang crisp ! Only downside is the occasional videos are the complete opposite , they look bad . The game play is awesome ! I 've heard others say that they 're are `` glitches '' or `` slow reaction times '' but I am yet to find a problem , and I 've been playing a lot -LRB- it 's pretty dang addicting -RRB- . I would say that this beats most ... games , the boards are just so creative , and fun ! I can recommend this game enough . I use to be a big Red Alert 2 and Unreal Tournament fanatic , but I believe this game may have changed my ways for a little bit . Go buy this game now !
 When I got this game as a gift from a grandparent , I was uncertain about it . I am age 13 , and I was into all the new games , my favorites being 1st person shooters . So , I was unsure , and I thought that it was a little kiddy game . 5 minutes into the game I realized how wrong I was . The mazes are amazing in 3D . The graphics are exceptional , and the gameplay is downright addicting . After what seemed like half an hour , it was already 1 A.M. . The game is so much more than just chomping ghosts , there are snakes , boulders , alligators , etc. . There are also tons of thrilling mini-games that kept me excited for hours . While some mazes were frustrating , others were rather easy . This game is worth the -LSB- price -RSB- any day . I have not encountered any glitches yet , on my Compaq Pentium 2 . My only complaint is that you may encounter lack of eating , obsessiveness with the game and sore fingers because of overplaying .
 Pac-Man is Yello , he moves around a maze and tries not to get eaten by the ghosts . He eats yello pills to gain points and end the game . The Red pills make him powerful so he can eat the ghosts.Pac-Man is a classic Arcade game which was made in the mid 1970 's . It was very popular when it first came out . . However , it 's not known very much now.For perhaps hours of fun , -LRB- if you 're interested Classic Arcade -RRB- Pac-Man would be a great game to get !
 This game changed my life it is amazing !!! I love it !!! if you get it I gaurintee youl like it !!! mike , age 81/2
 The levels that are hard are very , very hard . It takes a lot of time to beat them , unless you still have a lot of Pacman 's life left . But if you do beat some of the hard levels , you will lose a lot of Pacman 's life , so for the other hard levels , you wo n't have a lot of Pacman 's life . It 's fun if you 're relaxed while you play . But if you 're not , it can be very frustrating .
 This was a good game except the game is too short and too easy . Anybody can beat this game except if they are inexperienced Pac-Man players that really do not have much gaming talent . I 'll tell you one thing , if you want a challenge , get a different game .
 how much can pacman eat in one day ? this game is AWSOME ! Now that i have that out of my system lets get down to the point get the game get it now if you have put it in now why are you reading this ?
 As a kid of the 80s , I lived and breathed Pac-Man . I could n't get enough of the pellet chomping and ghost devouring . This 21st century version of Pac-Man is a spectacular adaptation of a game that never goes out of style.For starters , the graphics are outstanding . The game 's open is one of the few game opens I truly enjoy watching . While one of the basic objectives of the game is to avoid the ghosts , there are also other distractions to avoid like alligators , boulders , and snakes , all of which make the game that much more challenging . The mazes are superbly designed . The first maze caught my eye since the layout is the same as the first maze on the original Pac-Man . The bonus rounds , like a river run and a variation of Concentration , are a change of pace but they do not take away from the overall enjoyment of the game . In short , Pac-Man
 I really loved playing this game . It 's your basic Pac-Man run around and collect little pellets and dodge all the gosts , except some really cool scenery and quite a few new twists , including rolling boulders , killer snakes , mine carts , seesaws , and multi-level and sideways mazes . And more . Oh yeah , and do n't forget Pac-Man is traveling through time . From cavemen ghosts to high-tech scientist ghosts from the future , Pac-Man has a lot to deal with . Adventures in Time includes room for six players to save -LRB- each player can have three saved games -RRB- , multi player games , cool short videos showing the super-cute Pac-Man , sub-levels which let you earn extra points , and over 45 3D caveman , acient egyptian , medieval , wild west , and future mazes . I do n't mean to sound like an add , but this is a really cool game . Oh yeah , and if you buy it , here 's a tip
 Remember those days way back when , when you were a teen and spent all of those hours in the arcade ? This game will allow you to revisit those years in no time and take your kids with you.From various difficulty levels , to truly superb scenery this game is definitely a bargain that will bring hours of enjoyment for anyone . Truly the best Pac Man game yet for your PC .
 This is one of the hardest computer games I 've ever played ! I only know one person who beat all 30 or so levels . I would recomend this game to any one who is looking for a challenge !
 Pac-Man Adventures in Time is a great game . The graphics make you feel like you are in Pac-Man 's world . Some of the levels are very easy , some are very hard . Sometimes I stop myself because I 'm about to zoom through a whole era -LRB- 5 mazes -RRB- . Also , maybe they could make a maze editor or something like that . Buy this game , it 's worth the money , but do n't play it with a 300mhz or below computer
 Having never had a Sega Dreamcast , I never experienced this game there , I was simply aware that the PC version I 'm reviewing now -LRB- 6 years late -- lol -RRB- was a port of the original Dreamcast game . I picked up my copy of this game several years ago , and have never regretted it . The game stands as a personal favorite , and has re-paid it 's self many times over.The game stays true to the original 's gameplay formula , retaining all of the core gameplay dynamics of the original game , but adds new conventions such as 3D scenery , and 45 mazes -- each with different elevations , and terrains with some impressively imaginative new layouts like spheres and cylinders . The first maze is even a 3D re-make of the original Pac-Man maze . You can choose to play from the classic overhead , or an isometric 3D view , and you can toggle between them any time in-game . It includes everything you would expect a decent port to have , including three difficulty settings , good looking graphics , well designed mazes and colorful scenery , native gamepad support -LRB- including rumblepads -RRB- , and Pac-Man even has a much appreciated jump ability that can be handy quite often . The catch is that it 's usefulness is limited by a meter that must refill over the course of about three seconds before Pac-Man can jump again , forcing you to use it as a last resort means of escape when the ghosts have you surrounded , and even to escape environmental hazards from time to time.The mazes become more challenging as you progress , and despite claims to the contrary , there is a good amount of challenge here even for seasoned Pac-Man veterans . There are sixteen sub-levels with various mini-games which link the mazes , and the game presents you with imaginative maze layouts , covering five worlds , and time periods from the Jurassic , medieval , ancient Egypt , and the wild west ; each with their own unique hazards -LRB- besides the ghosts -RRB- to traverse like various dangerous animals , volcanoes spewing hot rocks , platforms that crumble away when you run over them , and rolling boulders . Later levels feature imaginative completion objectives like having to keep your eye on a grip gauge as you go horizontal and munch on pellets on the sides of structures before your grip runs out , and completing a maze before a sleeping dragon awakens , and toasts Pac-Man . Still others feature power pellets sitting atop columns which must be lowered by running across a tile with a corresponding rune or symbol , mazes with no power pellets at all , partially submerged levels where Pac-Man must swim -LRB- complete with depleting oxygen gauge -RRB- , and still others with key areas being guarded by deadly snakes which must be charmed into their baskets for a limited time by acquiring a magic flute . You also get a high score plaque where you can post your initials , a maze mode where you can play individual mazes , and a cutscene viewer where you can watch the various cutscenes you 've unlocked.No game is without it 's weakenesses , and Adventures in Time can get a bit repetitive since saves are spaced further apart on higher difficulties . This can mean replaying the same mazes several times until you reach a save point , but I can see this feature being implemented in favor of offering greater challenge for veterans who might otherwise find the game `` too easy '' . There are also a couple of camera bugs , but to be fair , the camera only became a problem in a handful of instances for me . Beyond these forgivable flaws , I can find little to complain about in this game . The game looks immensely better than the Dreamcast original , and sports a generous array of resolutions starting as low as 640x480 , and ranging right on up to full 1920x1080 HD -LRB- though this may vary depending on what your graphics card supports -RRB- . This brings us to another strong point of the game -- good hardware support . A game has good hardware support when instead of offering you a locked selection of resolution choices -LRB- or only supporting specific video cards for hardware acceleration -RRB- , the game simply supports whatever your hardware supports . This has the added benefit of making the game compatible with current operating systems since it is so configurable , and it contains no arbitrary copy protection beyond a simple disk check . The sound is just as configurable with settings for different speaker modes -LRB- including surround -RRB- , three frequency selections , and support for EAX -LRB- environmental audio extensions -RRB- , though Sound Blaster owners using Vista and Win 7 will need to use Creative Alchemy -LRB- or the universal version of it for non-Sound Blaster owners -RRB- to be able to take advantage of hardware acceleration , and EAX . For as intimidating as all these advanced settings may sound to novice users , it 's all handled gracefully through an easy to understand configuration panel with only two simple tabs , drop down menus , and check boxes . All of the Dreamcast orginal 's play modes are included , which includes multiplay via two player hotseat , or over internet or LAN . Unfortunately , though the game does support two player hotseat , it does not support more than one gamepad which is a bizarre , but forgivable oversight -LRB- and there 's always Xpadder -RRB- . At the end of the day , this is a must-have game that Pac-Man fans simply ca n't go wrong with . It offers all the fun of the original game with some nifty modern touches . The game is completely kid/family friendly , and offers a healthy dose of retro fun . It 's system requirements are so laughably low by modern standards , it 's no trouble at all to unleash it 's full graphics potential even on entry level systems , and despite being an old game , it 's advanced setup options make it a cinch to run even on current operating systems . It 's also an extremely well behaved game . In fact , I ca n't recall having ever had any technical problems with this game . As if all this were n't incentive enough , it 's being offered as a very affordable value title , and it 's easily worth every penny . Hasbro Interactive has delivered a fine update to the classic Pac-Man game which is sure to be remembered by fans as one of the most entertaining , and compelling installments in the franchise . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!UPDATED EDIT
 This is one of my first video games that I actually bought , and it is worth the money . If you like mazes , then this one is for you . It is not a complicated video game to play ; kids to `` adult kids '' will find this enjoyable . Keep chomping those pellets !
 Hi . My name is Aaron Warner.I did n't get to try this game for long , because my copy had a glitch in it . I had it for 2 years -LRB- my mom had me not use it for 1 year and 11 months after I first tried it -RRB- . I got past the first world with ease . And it got harder as the game went -LRB- which is 1 thing that makes it so good -RRB- . The game has awesome levels where you ran on the side of a tree , ran away from a pack of Ghosts , a mix between the 2 , riding in a paddle-boat , running around valcanos , feeding dinosaurs , -LRB- I know this is a run-on sentance , but who can help it ? -RRB- , and other things like that . Pac-Man has been my 3rd favorite in game mascots . Sonic is my second . But , Crash Bandicoot is my absolute favorite . Great graphics , good intermissions , awesome story , cool levels , great power-ups , and all-out awesome !
 My 4 year old enjoys this game immensely . This is number 2 in the series . Each one seems more and more enjoyable . It has various versions so each game is not identical to the last one . He is learning computer skills as well as other learning adventures in each game . I would definitely recommend this game .
 Freddi Fish 2 came just as planned , and plays just as well as I remember ! Service was fast and very satisfying ! Thank you for bringing back so many fond memories !
 Our 6-year old loved this game - another solid winner . It 's easier to get lost than in other Humongous adventures , and at one point you may have to solve a ' 15 ' puzzle , which can be pretty tricky at this age -LRB- heck , _ i _ have trouble with them ! -RRB- , those are the only flaws in what otherwise is a really nice game .
 I bought another freddi fish game for my little brother , and yet again he couldnt stop playing this game . I totally recommend this classic fun game .
 I 'm a novice at using notation software , and I 've found this software to be very easy to use ! Compared to other software at this price range , this is the best I found . I am able to make awesome songs and the sound quality coming from the instuments is good . I am very satisfied with the product and highly recommend it to anybody .
 Lotus Smartsuite has features office only dreams of , it very powerful but easy to use . Full finle compatibility with MS Office makes it a breeze to work with folks who have n't yet realized Office is n't the only option out there.Unfortunately IBM/Lotus have only made minor updates to the SmartSuite in recent years . It has kept up with XP via minor updates but I hope IBM is n't dropping the ball on this one like they did with OS/2 back in the mid 90 's . This is too important and powerful an office suite to let fall by the wayside !
 I use Lotus on all of my computers because it is so simple and really focuses on `` getting the job done.Smartsuite is a part of several other Louts products -LRB- Domino and Notes -RRB- and as such it contains many features that the venerable Office does not . Smartsuite offers web building software , presentation and database applications . This is all included with 1-2-3 and all for about half the price of any office suite out there.I do n't think IBM will drop it because it isd a integral part of all other Lotus products
 The various pieces of SmartSuit are each and collectively so far beyond their counterparts from MS that it is n't even a reasonable comparison . Each is much more full featured on the features that really count and much easier to use and understand . The real clincher is , however , that the Lotus products actually `` DO '' what they are supposed to do - unlike the MS products that `` kinda do something sorta like they are supposed to do ... . some of the time '' . Hat 's off to MS - they have really tried many new and wonderful things ... now if they could just get them to work in at least a semi-reliable fashion , their products MIGHT be worth getting excited about .
 I had over 10 years of Word Pro and 123 documents on my computer when the hard drive failed . I was able to save most of my files but had no idea where my software disks were . Microsoft Office would n't open any of my documents so finding this was clutch . Thanks
 This review is done ad hoc ; I 'm still testing the software . First , need to cover the glitchy installation . Not sure it applies to 9.8.2 , but it was glitchy for 9.6 . First glitch
 The central element of Lotus SmartSuite is Lotus Word Pro , a word processor designed specifically for people who actually have to write for a living . Word Pro began as Samna Word , the first fully functional word processor for the PC ; it was based on the dedicated word processing software that operated IBM 's Display Writer professional word-processing equipment . As a professional writer , I 've tried other systems , such as Quark Express , and , of course , MS Word and Apple 's Pages . Nothing comes close to the ease of use and sheer functionality of Lotus . I work with an iMac , and it 's extremely unfortunate that IBM never adjusted the software to make it compatible with Macs , but I 've been running it on XP through my partitioned hard drive . Do n't know whether it will work with Windows 7 , though.In any event , if you have to do serious writing , you should get Lotus . You will be amazed at how it increases your productivity .
 Lotus Smart Suite is a great program . Easy to use , does n't use gobbs of membory .
 I chose Smartsuite simply because I can not afford MS Office . There is one nagging item about Smartsuite that you can not use any wheelmouse of any make to scroll up and down 1-2-3 spreadsheets at all . You have to use the scrollbar only . You can use your wheelmouse to scroll other applications in Smartsuite but not 1-2-3 . I asked IBM why and they said that they didnt write any code for that purpose in 1-2-3 . They offered no explanation for that . I hope that they will include that in any future version of Smartsuite . I simply can not do without my wheelmouse to scroll my spreadsheets which is a must for me .
 I found Free Lance much simpler and easier to use than Power Point . But yet it can still give the freedom to create presentations of professional quality .
 These drums sound absolutely incredible . You ca n't go wrong with any of the expansion packs for EZDrummer -LRB- hell , even the Twisted Kit sounds neat -RRB- , but the Drumkit from Hell is absolutely fantastic . The quality is amazing and the realism is unparalleled.It 's software like this that threatens to make real drums obsolete . Yeah , daring claim . If you do n't believe me , go to ToonTrack 's website and listen to these drums yourself . Good luck picking up your jaw from the floor .
 Toontrack 's expansion pack , DFH , is a great addition to a wonderful product . Ideal for those metal heads who need a `` heavier '' sounding kit , or need more double bass , this is the expansion pack for you!After install , I was up and running and ready to add some decent sounding drum tracks to my songs . Very easy drag and drop format and plenty of grooves to choose from . Even backbeat and blastbeat grooves . You can create a song anywhere from metal , deathcore , grindcore , and more with these grooves , or you can even create beats yourself . They have special sessions including grooves straight from the talented kits of Thomas Haake , Daniel Bergstrand , Mattias Eklund and Fredrik Thordendal.It took me no time to create my first song . After a couple of hours recording some guitar and bass tracks , I just had to fill in the blanks with DFH . It took me no more than five hours to have a decent sounding demo to share with friends -LRB- and that 's with multiple guitar/bass takes , rehearsing , mixing , and more . . -RRB- As other reviewers have commented , there are a LOT of cymbals to choose from , but the drums are rather limited , which is why I rated it four stars.Set up is easy enough - however , you do need to register the product before use . Easy enough , and it only takes a minute . Just copy a couple of codes and fill out some contact info and you 'll be good to go.A great addition at a FANTASTIC price on Amazon , and an especially great deal on shipping with Prime .
 The item was exactly as described . Received when promised and I am completely satisfied with purchase .
 I highly recommend this product to any family . Especially if your on a budget , it helps make birthday invites , I have even made iron-ons for my family and projects for my kids . I hope you enjoy it as much as I have .
 I like the things you can do with print shop . My computer crashed when I had it fixed the guy up dated and this version would n't work . He bought the 2.0 deluxe I really like it . The only thing is Hard to find envelope size for 1/2 card and 1/4 card . The old one no problem Strange because that is what all card sizes are . Also no address book in the new one . Had to buy separate Address Book soft ware.The old one had it with it . Other than that loved the old one and love the new one for making cards .
 Mac OS 10.1 aka puma is great for older macs loved getting the opportunity to see what old macs use to be like back in the day . Its amazing how much has changed in the short amount of time between 10.1-10 .7 Very straightforward installation
 I purchased this package just 5 days after buying Trend Micro Internet Security 2004 , as I needed a suite for a second computer and I had only a single license . My second system was running Norton Internet Security 2003 -LRB- NIS2003 -RRB- , and I was getting frustrated by the memory footprint and resource consumption of NIS2003 -LRB- the antivirus in particular -RRB- and decided that I needed to make a change . On the recommendation of the system administrator at the office , I decided to purchase ZoneAlarm Security Suite 2005 -LRB- ZSS2005 -RRB- . I should preface this review by saying , rather bluntly , that I prefer the Trend package . Trend is smaller and faster , which are my two main sticking points when it comes to software . However , Trend also lacks some of the refinements found in bigger packages . I did not make a mistake buying ZSS2005 , though , and am happy with my overall decision.The most important components of the package are the firewall and the antivirus . I will talk to these points first , then discuss the rest of the suite.The firewall is generally regarded as the best on the market when it comes to software solutions . Those reviews are on-target . The firewall is extremely highly configurable , easy to manipulate , and a bear to bypass . There are settings for nearly everything - setting ranges of IP addresses and ports to filter out , high/medium/low settings via sliders to define general behavior , and program access not unlike that found in NIS . Access to the settings is done through a dialog that is easy on the eyes and laid out in a very logical and clear manner . There should be no problem finding anything you need to find in the interface.The alerts that the firewall sends are glaring and unmistakable , so that if there is some kind of activity you want to know about , you can not help but know about it . With a button click you can dismiss the alerts , and if you are tired of them you can tell the firewall to be quiet and the alerts get toned down.Program access to the internet is done in a manner similar to that of NIS , where each program is handled individually . This can be configured to be automatic , or it can be done on a case-by-case basis via manual action . The choice is yours.If you 're daring and you know what you 're doing you can even establish your own custom rulesets for the firewall.The other primary feature , the antivirus , is based on Computer Associate 's scanner engine , and it seamlessly integrates into the package without trouble . While not especially fast at scanning , this antivirus actually lets me run scans in the background while I do other things . Granted , I would n't want to load up Doom3 or something like that while running a viral scan , but opening an app or two and doing a little work while the virus checker merrily does its thing is not a big deal . Sure , it slows down the other processes , but it does n't completely kill the box like McAfee , Norton or Trend do.The antivirus does have the ability to check email -LRB- inbound and outbound -RRB- for infection , and the base settings are simply on or off . Further controls allow for handling of attachments based on file extension.There are several minor features of this firewall , some of them useful and some needing a little refinement . One of the nice features is a parental control facility . The configuration of such is very straightforward - on/off via radio buttons . There are many categories to choose from when deciding what to block or allow , and this list is straightforward . Once set , it is quite efficient and is independent of browser choice . It appears to rely on a lookup server as opposed to keeping a local copy of the list - this may or may not bother you , so consider this when enabling this feature.One of the less refined features is the ad blocking , which hides in the privacy settings . I have found that it does not do as nice a job at blocking banner ads as I would hope and it lets a few slip through . This may improve down the road , but for now I personally am a little disappointed.ZSS2005 has the ability to secure instant messaging transmissions as well . However , it requires that the person with whom you are communicating also have ZSS2005 . Otherwise , everything stays unencrypted . This does make sense.There is a setting for blocking spam , but this is misleading . The spam to which this setting refers is unsolicited instant messages , not email . There is apparently no email antispam functionality in this suite , which is something a lot of other packages offer , even if the feature is typically limited in scope . If you already have an antispam solution , great . If not , do not expect ZSS2005 to be of much help.ZSS2005 is a nearly comprehensive solution that does a good job protecting your system while connected to the internet . It is fast enough to satisfy , it has a small footprint in memory , and is very light on resources . Although it is a newcomer on the internet security suite market , this one is absolutely worth a look . It has a good balance of power , speed and price .
 I was just going to add the comment that avast antivirus works with zone alarm , and avast is a free antivirus . I have had no trouble with either on my system .
 Purchased this for a young boy that was having trouble in school . with this program he was able to be more successful in school .
 Microsoft has released another version of its penultimate Integrated Development Environment . Forgive me if I am not as excited as I was for 2002 . I love Visual Studio and I love . NET , but there just is n't enough `` new '' in 2003 to warrant spending money on a new Visual Studio.With VS 2005 coming out next year , if you are already using VS 2002 , just wait for 2005 . If you 're still in the pre - . NET days -LRB- e.g. VS 6 -RRB- , spend the time better training and preparing yourself for the upgrade .
 I have had this product for a while , and it helps me in the downtown , its not much usefull for driving directions . But when you visit a bigcity for the firsttime and planing on walking a bit , and finding the place on ur self then this would help you a lot .
 We use Microsoft Pocket Streets 2005 in our duties as fire & EMS workers.Although we know our districts pretty well , due to recent growth and expansion resulting in more and more streets to keep up with , it 's nice to have Pocket Streets on our pocket PC 's so we can quickly look up an address . Pocket Streets works great on my Ipaq .
 This always was a Microsoft good program , who needs know how be and for where , this is a good choice
 Excellent product for major cities . It will be better once I find out where to find the cities I want . I do n't think EVERY city is available . Otherwise it 's pretty good
 I think it is better to by the Streets & Trips 2005 because you get a gps device and when you install the software you get pocket streets too so thats more worth it . I think the product is pretty good due to the fact that i use it on my smart phone , its like a map in the palm of my hand . Now my smartphone is my phone , mp3 player , digital camera , oraganizer , hand held map . Also the good thing about streets & trips is that you can save any map to your smartphone from your pc using the software , you are not just limited to the major metro cities on microsoft 's dowload site . just make sure you have a large storage card and you can pretty much save a whole state map , just save a new state map whenever you are going to go out of state . i like it because i dont have to subscribe to a data plan or internet service with my phone provider to use the maps . I you do then this is not that good , might as well do mapquest or something but if you do n't pay extra for a data plan , this software is perfect .
 I purchased this about a week ago after reading reviews on several products , including Rosetta Stone , and am very pleased with the quality of the program . There are loads of activities for each level , including pronunciation practice , crossword puzzles , and the like so you can reinforce what you are learning . You can also make CD or MP3 copies of the audio portions so you can listen and practice on the go . The program uses a number of speakers , both male and female , so you get accustomed to a variety of voices , which seems like a practical idea . It even comes with a nifty headset/microphone for the speech recognition function.However , there are a couple of negatives , which is why I did n't give 5 stars . Although the software was simple to install , there is no book or written material to go along with this , so it 's a bit difficult to get started . The material just jumps right into conversations , and kind of skips over basics -LRB- like pronouns and articles -RRB- so you 'll definitely want something else to supplement . I purchased a separate Italian workbook that I am using to understand sentence structure and other grammar , but I think this program will be invaluable in learning how to pronunce and understand the spoken language.Overall , fun to use and a real bargain .
 enjoy the game very much and like having additional questions to attempt to stump the game loving fan of the show we are .
 I have no issues with the product itself . It is great and I used to have this same game as a kid . However , as a kid it was also called Mystery of the Missing Amulet , but another name for it is Reading Adventures . Just a warning to those who are shopping for other ClueFinders games . Check the names.Another note
 The Trial version -LRB- 30 days -RRB- was so convincing that I ordered the Network version a couple of months later -LRB- time to gather the necessary amount of money to purchase it online -RRB- . Then , I showed it to a friend of mine , an ESL too . He is harder than myself to be convinced that a software is a must-have . Surprisingly , after having tested it a few days long , he asked me to order a second copy for his own computer.As an ESL I need to refresh my pronunciation a couple of weeks before each trip to the USA in order to be immersed as quickly as possible . Now thanks to Pronunciation Patterns , this task has become an easy daily brain exercise.If you download the Trial Version , do n't be shy
 This is a great pronunciation software that actually helps improve your word pronunciation & Grammar . What I love most about it is the fact that it is interactive and fun to use . On like other software , you can practice your words or select a topic and practice as much as you want . Plus the reference resources are so helpful.Mr Xin Wang has taken his time to create an all in one software . If you are serious about improving your pronunciation and English Grammar , and patient enough to do it this is the software to getGreat Job
 I have used this software for a while . It is very comprehensive . It is not a `` cure all '' . You are unlikely to sound a native speaker after a week . it does provide way to work on the accent so you get to the point you do not get those stares and polite `` excuse me '' . The software is not very friendly . It is based on the phonetic alphabet , that can express in writing any sound in any language . I recommend starting from listening to the consonants and vowels in the software , especially those that do not exist in your native tongue , and learn to differentiate . Than listen to the words under each sounds - dedicate more time those that are challenging for you . Last , but not least , you can create a list of words you use on daily basis - depend on your profession - and go over them until you get them right.The servce is excellent . whenever I struggled with something , the email reply came within hours , sometime less than an hour.No , I am not one of the developers . and I am not paid by the developer either for writing this review.True , the software is not perfect ; however , after checking few others , this is the best I came across . Those of us the struggle with the accent , know what it means finally to be understood . yes , if you put time into it , it works .
 This program really works for me . I try many different ways to improve my English accent . For example , I ask my American friends to teach me how to pronounce correctly . I have read lots of books and also keep watching TV , so as to learn how people move their mouths . However , all these steps do not seem to work well . After spending so much time looking for a program , I tried downloading several free trial versions , including pronunciation pattern , from different sources . I , finally , found that the program from `` pronunciation pattern is really effective . I bought and used this program almost everyday . You will love it : -RRB-
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B0016A3R26 American English Pronunciation Patterns Network Edition + 2 Year Membership -LRB- Based on Phonics -RRB-
 I used both ESL-PRO and Pronunciation Pattern . I have to say that Pronunciation Pattern is much better tool than ESL-PRO . I want to mention two features of Pronunciation Pattern here . One , the video of real person mouth movement during pronunciation is really useful and helpful to learn how American pronunciation . Second , the comprehensive material including in software.It is a very helpful software to me .
 This is an amazing program and have found it fun to study english as a second language . There are sound , video and picture examples for each vowel and consonant of the alphabet to show how to properly pronounce each letter as well as words from vocabulary lists . If you have a microphone , you can record your voice and see how your voice inflection compares to the program 's example . Also it offers translation of english words to your native language to understand the word . Lastly , the technical support for this program is amazing . If you have any questions about the program , you can email them and usually receive a response quickly . If you are looking for an english language program , I STRONGLY recommend you take a look at this program before purchasing anything else .
 I have used this product . It helped my pronunciation a lot . I used it everyday to practice saying words that I encounter everyday . This is a very good tool to learn how to speak English more fluently .
 I bought Pronunciation Patterns about 7 months ago , and since then I ' v been using it regularly as my first source of acurrate pronunciation.Just in the first week I got a bunch of rules that I dind ' t know ! For instance , I realized that the `` t '' in `` debt '' dind ' t sound , and that the `` w '' in `` owe '' neither . I used to say `` folk '' with a strong `` l '' , but guess what ? the `` l '' a silent ! : -RRB- In the first month I could say that I corrected many very old pronunciation mistakes I had been reproducing for years.Also , I liked the `` sound diagram '' feature , where you can review graphically the sound of each recorded word , and compare with your own . It is simple great.At the begining I thought this product was expensive , but really , it 's worth having the confidence that , once reviewed in Pronounciation Patterns , each word I said is correctly pronounced . Besides , each word sound was recorded from an american native speaker and ESL specialist instead of a `` robotic '' sound that other software use .
 First I would like to convey special thanks to Mr. Wang for his unique pronunciation software.After using the demo for only 20-30 minutes a day , I had to have the full version . It offers everything you need to improve your pronunciation with thousands of useful words and examples . The Pronunciation Patterns greatly helped me in improving my English pronunciation , it is much better than using accent books -LRB- and Audio Cds -RRB- because one can play and replay the stuff with just one click . There are many more advantages of having it like
 I was looking for a program to help me correct my pronunciation and found what i now consider to be the most remarkable accent reduction program . The program exceeded my expectations . It has an incredible array of features that will impress even the most hardened critic.Pronunciation patterns has an extraordinary assembly of all the tools you need to improve pronunciation and more ; it has precise description of mouth mechanics required to produce each sound supplemented by video mouth clips , in addition to load of words to interactively practice with and links to interactive websites all geared to help improve pronunciation , fluency , and vocabulary.And customer service was excellent and prompt.This program is bound to become the gold standard against which others are compared.Thanks Xcers corp. for a remarkable program.C.Anyadike
 I am a professor spending a period abroad for researching.I tried the product for almost two months before to buy . The support of Pronunciation Pattern is a very helpful and attentive . During the trial period , I had opportunity to told them my opinion . The software is good , but requires improvements , for example : a -RRB- the learning curve is a little bit acentuated in the beginning and if someone do n't insist , the things may not work . In my case , after two weeks I was able to take advantage of its funcionalities ; b -RRB- the interface requires adtional attention ; in my opinion ; c -RRB- in order to reduce that curve , a better explanation about the method adopted could be provided , maybe a user manual or a methodology with steps to be followed -LRB- To be honest , there is a attempt in this sense there -RRB- ; There is no exactly anything new in the approach , nothing you ca n't find in advanced ESL books . The merit of the software is gather several resources in one place easily accessible.Anyway , as every self-study material , it will require discipline and persistence so that you can reach results . Every ability you are able to study daily , during some months , certainly will be improved .
 I 've tried many audio books , CDs , and even taking classes in order to get rid of my French accent . This program is definitely the best so far . Well worth the investment -LRB- much cheaper than taking a class -RRB- and you can go back to it over and over again . Personally I think the best way to use it is to study 30 minutes a day . There are so many words for each sound that it takes a while to master a sound . One of the best features is that you can save words for review later . So you narrow down your list of words to the ones that you want to practice in particular . Another great feature is to see the IPA pronunciation next to the word you are listening to . It really helps understand how the words should be pronounced . I love the on-line dictionary linked to -LSB- ... -RSB- . It allows you to learn so many new words by just the click of a button . There are so many features that it takes a while to master them all . You need to spend 1-2 days to understand how the software works . If you do n't take the time to learn , you can become easily frustrated . The only drawback is that there are quite a lot of bugs in particular when you need to download an update . Just be patient . The creator of the software is very reponsive and helpful in helping you redownload the software . I highly recomment this product . But again , practice is the key !
 Months ago I was thinking to have a CD to improve my daughter pronunciation , she is a hearing impaired 7th grader . I found two of them , one is called ECS and the other one is this . My daughter tried both , she likes this very much just because :1 . It can systemmatically teach her pronunciation , practice sinlge sound , word and sentence .2 . Setup her own pace to learn , review and practice .3 . Recording your own voice to find out the difference in between4 . Much more rich functions and useful links to play if you want to be an advanced user.since she 's been practiced with PP , she is very seldom to request a audiologist to correct her pronunciation . That all be great if we could spot this software early . Plus the service is excellent , promptly and helpful.I think it 's the best so far on the market and strongly recommend it especially for those hearing impaired kids to pratice total English at school.Jim Lin , New Jersey
 Months ago I was thinking to have a CD to improve my daughter pronunciation , she is a hearing impaired 7th grader . I found two of them , one is called ECS and the other one is this . My daughter tried both , she likes this very much just because :1 . It can systemmatically teach her pronunciation , practice sinlge sound , word and sentence .2 . Setup her own pace to learn , review and practice .3 . Recording your own voice to find out the difference in between4 . Much more rich functions to play if you want to be an advanced user.Since she 's been practiced with PP , she was very seldom to request a audiologist to correct her pronunciation . That all be great if we could spot this software early . Plus the service is excellent , promptly and helpful.I think it 's the best so far on the market and strongly recommend it especially for those hearing impaired kids to pratice total English at school.Jim Don , New Jersey
 To me the program has proved to be very helpful , even though I have n't exactly followed the proposed lessons . I have used the software according to my own `` plan '' . Firstly , I identified my main problem areas and kept working on them - over and over again . I started out with what I would call the `` parrot mode '' -LRB- first listen and then repeat -RRB- and then , after a while , spoke out the words loudly and then checked my pronunciation . Secondly , I systematically began `` revising '' all 4000 words , since I noticed that even though I know a lot of words and theoretically know all the English vowels and consonants -LRB- and how to pronounce them -RRB- , I have not always learned the correct pronunciation.This process has been quite time consuming -LRB- and I am still working on it -RRB- but I think this was my key to success . You should make it a habit to work on your weak points on a daily basis . If English is not your native language , I guess perseverance and the right tool is key unless you belong to that happy 1 % who can `` imitate '' every dialect or language.The cost might seem high but looking up every word and the respective pronunciation would be too tedious for me.To sum it up , the product is a great and very helpful tool but you have to invest some time and motivation .
 This is a very good software and it improved my pronunciation in a very short time . A lot of new words to learn.Further , customer service is amazing . I had some problems with installation , however , every problem was solved by their customer service . Great !
 I was looking for a program for improving my English vocabulary and pronunciation . I found this product and have been using it for more than 5 weeks now . I use it for about 30minutes every day . I add new words from everyday life to the learning list every day . Sometimes , I just let the PC play the words list again and again . Now I learnt about 200 new words and their correct pronunciation . It is amazing .
 This is very good program , it can make a significant improvement in the pronunciation in a very short time . You can create your own list of words and study only those words or you can use basic words or advanced words . There are mouth exercise for basic sound and color coded legend help to recognize the letter in the word . Program can play the sound and word automatically .
 It is great to have a tool in my laptop to practise my pronunciation every day . This software did correct me many sounds within just two weeks .
 I found this software very helpful to correct my pronunciation . After using this software I am now more aware of my pronunciation and the various rules that are followed . Also this program effectively uses `` Patterns '' which in itself is a unique way of teaching that stimulates `` Right Brain '' and makes pronunciation easy to follow , understand and remember.In addition , customer service is excellent . I had trouble installing the software on my computer and when contacted I got satisfactory reply within a day .
 I would highly recommend pronunciation patterns to anyone looking for a single resource to significantly improve pronunciation and reduce accent . As a foreigner , speaking clearly without being asked to repeat what i said is really important , if not critical and that is where this software comes in . A few weeks of using this software helped me correct many sounds and improved my oral communication.That said , i must state that just buying the software does not make you improve your pronunciation unless you are ready to put in time required in learning the rules and tips carefully put together in this amazing software . Though the inventor suggested at least 15 minutes practice daily , i would suggest at least 1 hour initially and then 30 minutes daily after some level of comfort . This can come down to 15 minutes after a few months . In my opinion , the key to improving pronunciation and reducing accent with this software is practice , practice , practice !!!! There are so many tools bundled with this software to assist with the practice . This will reduce the time to see positive results and improve your confidence in public speaking .
 I would recommend Pronunciation Pattern program to anyone who wants to learn how to pronunce english.I been using lots of different programs in the past and and I quit each one of them becaue they made pronuncing english more harder than it was.Even , if i spent long time to study i gained very little.However Pronunciation Pattern helped me tremondously and i ca n't mention everything in this short paragraph.It abled me learning to speed of my english pronunciation very quickly.It has been a couple months since i got the program and i can say I learned more than i expected.Also , lessons are presented in a clear logical manner.It is very easy to see and visualize the steps u take so you do n't confuse what is what etc.Moreover , It is a complete program where you learn everything there is to know starting how to pronunce letter , words until u get the confidence you need to speak english fluently.The last but not the least , the people who work at Pronunciation Pattern are professional and helpful.I called twice and each time my problems were solved happily. : - -RRB-
 I 'm Vietnamese student . Pronunciation Patterns is very good one as follows :1 / Clearly sound and easy to repeat .2 / There are thousands of new words to learn .3 / program is very good at automaticly repeating , recording and replaying4 / Customer service is very kindness and willingness.Excellent!Some points that the author needs to improve :1 / Some words do not match with the sounds2 / Lack of some dipthong souds3 / Diagram is not very perfect . It means that it 's very difficult to realize what s student need to improve after recording his or her voice .4 / In CD , the authour should only use the words that you already set up in your program . I saw some words in the screen , but in fact they are not in the program so it makes customer unsatisfied .5 / I do not like to use CD to much , because it may harm CD driver ; Why do n't you think about the way to copy it into only one computer and open it without CD ? 6/The price is too high for a student.Anyway , it is 4/5Hope you enjoy it .
 I got the PP weeks ago and have been using it since then . I just love it because of a lot of reasons :1 . Systemmatically teach me the American Phonetic Alphabet that I missed when I started to study English . It helps me correct many pronunciation errors ; 2 . The more practice by following the sound of each word , the more confident and comfortable to communicate with people in English ; 3 . It is a effective and convenient approach to study , especially I have to work in the day time ; 4 . It is not boring at all , actually it is fun ; 5 . Quick and satisfactory supports from the company ; 6 . I wish I could find the material years ago ; I think the only drawback is that I have to insert the CD to play even if I install it to my computer .
 This is the best Tool I have found so far to helps improve your pronunciation and reduce accent .1 . - The program has a great feature called RULES which has four categories . One of them is the Silent Category and provides a list of letters that are silent in a word . Examples of very simple words that can be mispronounced are
 It is amazing that I found my pronunciation improved after I used this software for only one month .
 The Pronunciation Pattern software has revolutionized my life . I was twenty-four years old and reading at a middle school level . After four months of using this program , I gained self-confidence in my speaking and writing skills . This software is not going to help you over night . After two months of using it , you will notice a significant difference in your speaking ability.This program teaches individuals to breakdown words , so you are able to enunciate them properly . Also , if you have difficulty in enunciate vowels and consonants this program will make it easier for anyone.I would rate the service a 5 out of 5 . If you encounter a problem with this program , it usually takes a couple of hours to get a solution for that problem.This program gave me the confidence I needed to go to college . After two and a half years , I graduated from college with my Bachelor 's Degree in Management . If this program was not invented , I would n't have fulfilled my dream of going to college .
 Waoo !!!! , it is an amazing software for anyone who has encountered problem with speaking and listening English language.like thousand of peaple who tried to learn English i bought all kind of the software availble on the market during the last few years . and each time i get the same problem . i have a good understanding when i read English but i had an absolute problem with the listening and speaking . until i discover this famous software.I start using it only 23 days , and the result are really very impressive.I notice a big improvement in my expression - I m more confident when speaking , now i m sure that people understand my message - also , my listening has been improved immensely.my english improvement was noticed also by my coworkers.Thanks to this software , i understand for the first time that the Biggest problem with the English language is that is a phonetic language , where we have to learn the different sounds . and this software bring the appropriate solution to this problem.this software is really richest mine of new and innovative tools , it allow the user to focus on the specific sounds that cause him problem , you can also create your own list of the words that cause you problem and you can practice them until you feel better . it allow also to learn new vocabulary . really , i m very satisfied with this software the highest quality of their service.I recommend Pronunciation pattern strongly to anyone who has problem with the English language . Just try it and you will see the difference.Abdo , Sterling Heights , Michigan
 I usually do n't leave a review on the net . Actually , this is my first time to leave a review on Amazon , even though I am a long-time Amazon member . However , I 'd like to share a few thoughts about Pronunciation Pattern for those who are interested in an English accent program.As an ESL instructor for many years , I 've tried many different accent reduction programs -LRB- books , CDs , etc. -RRB- for my ESL students . I 've literally come across hundreds of them . Many are terrible , some are ok , and a few are good , but this program is the BEST . It really stands out.Since other reviewers have already mentioned about the good features of this program , let me just make my review brief.PROS : * The online support is GREAT ! I 've contacted customer service several times so far , and I always get a prompt response - sometime just in a few minutes ! I am really impressed with their online support . So far I 've been 100 % satisfied . * This program is VERY comprehensive . It deals with so many different aspects of English pronunciation . It also covers several thousand English words , NOT only a few hundred . It 's not like you study a few days and then there 's nothing more left . I know from personal experience there are many accent reduction programs -LRB- and books with CDs -RRB- out there with very little content . This program offers not only the sounds of individual words and sentences but also clear phonological explanations . * This program is good for advanced ESL students too . * Like most non-natives , ESL students are familiar with the IPA , and this program lets you choose IPA to practice the sounds of English . * What I really like about this program is they keep upgrading this program automatically . I think that 's another plus for this programCONS : * The high price might be a problem for some ESL students . But l still believe this program is best on the market . * Since this is a computer-based program , some people might think this program is complicated to use . * Not really a `` con , '' but there are a lot of features in this program to learn . If you are looking for a simple English accent course , this program is probably NOT for you.BOTTOM LINE : If you are an ESL student -LRB- or instructor -RRB- looking for a program that reduce your foreign accent , look no further . I say it again
 Learning a second language is challenging , but worthwhile goal . With this well designed program and some motivation , you can learn English as a second language . This software is user - friendly so anyone can successfully learn english pronunciation regardless of english or experience with computers . This software teaches pronunciation using a variety of tools . It is simple to install and setup on your computer , provide adequate help and support to anyone through email .
 I found this product to be amazingly easy to use yet powerful . Just tell the program where you want to go and it does the rest . The clear yet detailed written directions are unmatched by other products in the mapping software category -LRB- I 've used pretty much all of them over the last 5 years -RRB- . If you often need directions to a specific address or location , this program is the way to go .
 H&R Block 2006 works well like it always has . I 've used and liked H&R since the Turbotax activation debacle , to the extent that I can like doing income tax ! What is great is the media the software comes on . Install the program and then have a nice flash drive to use elsewhere . Maybe flash drives will be like floppies someday , with piles of used drives in a box , but for now it 's a super handy way to store and move a few files . 256 megs makes for a big floppy but a small flash drive . No matter -- the price it right .
 Only if the online version was this good . Had no problems . Simple to install and to uninstall . Started with Taxcut online , finished my Fed taxes only to discover I could not do my state taxes . Had to buy the flash drive . Next year I will just get the flash drive to start with .
 TaxCut has been very reliable information and easy to use when preparing your taxes . I have used it over the past several years . Updates are easy to download and the software is great . This year the software arrived on a USB key . This is the easiest and best way to obtain the software . Small , easy to store and is reusable . I will continue to use TaxCut in the future .
 Excellent product , use it every year . Comes with a free copy Deduction Pro program which helps you to establish a value on items given to charity groups .
 Give them a break . So what , they do n't support Macs . This is a Windows program . It is unfair to give this one star because it 's a Windows specific program now . Everybody knows PC 's are for office work and taxes , Macs are only for fun . Besides , it 's on a flash drive ! Cool !
 It worked on my old Palm Tungsten , but not really on my new Treo 700P . When it worked , it was a fun little toy -- worth the $ . Nothing like being able to change the channel or just turn the stupid TV off when your sitting at the bar.Actually saved the bacon when , at a ski lodge , no one could find the remote for the new TV , and we had to change the input to allow the kids to play video games!They say the newest version should work on my Treo ... I 'll have to give it a try .
 InFocus will tell you that this is not the projector for movies or TV . It 's for presentations . It has another projector similar to the X2 that IS made for movies and TV , and because of this it does cost more.I chose this as my full time TV , and I 've had it for 2 years . I purchased an extra bulb just to have with me , but at 2150 hours , I have not needed to . I run it in low power mode -LRB- 1100 lumens -RRB- , and I do n't expect HD quality video . The video is BETTER than a rear projection TV , but ca n't touch a plasma or even an LCD tv . It was n't even meant for this purpose . Given it 's price however , It is certainly well deserving of better reviews than people give it . If you have the money , and your a quality buff , step up to a projector made for movies and TV . If your doing powerpoint presentations all the time or just want a big screen , higher quality picture than your old TV , then this is an excellent option .
 I 've had one for 7 years . It just broke and i 'm attempting to repair it using YouTube videos I found . It was $ 1200 brand new and worth it . Now you can get projectors for far less that do alot more but I wanted to at least acknowledge how much I enjoyed this projector . * Warning - do n't buy a used projector . Bulbs often cost as much or nearly as much as a brand new model . It 's like buying a used computer . Unless you know it works very well - do n't risk it . * Overall owning a projector is worth the money . Inviting friends or dates over to watch movies on your wall or on a screen , employing a projector for wedding and party slide shows , clubs , mini film festivals . Projectors are great !
 Item arrived unharmed and works great . A pleasure to do business with . We got a great projector at a great price .
 I have used many projectors in my career but never used an InFocus Projector . When I bought it I liked the price and decided to give it a try . The projector was sent to me in a very timely fashion . It is used but in great shape and very easy to use . All in all this has been a good experience
 We were in need of a computer projector for meetings and did n't want to spend $ $ $ for a new one . This InFocus projector is the perfect answer . It arrived quickly , worked right out of the box and has already performed well at several meetings !
 The item was shipped exactly as described and worked perfectly . It was packaged very well and worked immediately upon plugging in . I was so thrilled to find such an excellent product and a great price , I will definitely consider this seller again .
 The projector seems to be a simple to use device that produces a sharp clear image . It is not poweful enough to contend with a brightly lit room , but is very adequate in moderate light . This unit was used , but was in excellent shape and arrived within a few days of placing my order . I have been well pleased with the process and the product . Thanks .
 As a K-12 librarian in Menasha , WI , I need to make presentations to classes . In Sept 2005 I bought a brand new Infocus X2 . It did a fantastic job . Two months later the school got two projectors so I brought mine home to use as a home theater . For a year my family watched television and movies on the big screen and it was great . When the bulb went out , the cost of replacement lamps sent me into shock . $ 300 for a bulb ? I decided to purchase a 42 inch flat screen TV instead . The projector sits as a possible back-up , if I ever buy a bulb .
 I have the X2 for about 2 years now , and it was an excellent idea to purchase this projector . For the past two years i was using the composite connection to display DVD , until yesterday - when i purchased the M1 to component cable adaptor -LRB- thanks to tigerdirect.ca -RRB- . let me tell you it was a night and day difference ! I couldent believe the picture quality . The whites were brighter blacks darker , and color was beautiful ! So make sure you invest in the M1 to component adaptor -LRB- SP-M1-ADPT -RRB- . My only wish item for this projector is the 4:3 native resolution - wish it was a 16:9 native resolution . The other thing is the fan . Its a bit loud , but after a while my surround sound covers that up . Other than that amazing projector for the price !
 i have not gotten my theater system finished completely yet , but from even just projecting images onto my living room wall , i am amazed at the clarity of the image . its a great product , im very happy i got it . the shipping was quick too . im am very please . i will consider more business in the future .
 I love my X2 . i use it for power point presentations and also have watched a movie using the X2 . I did research before my purchase and have never had any problems .
 Bottom line - best major purchase I have made since I bought a home with a finished basement!I got the projector and mounted it on the ceiling in my basement projecting on a light-brown wall . I expected that I would need to paint the walls white , or get a screen , but was shocked by the amazing picture quality . Here are the details :1 -RRB- Comcast Cable with HiDef Box . Hidef program is so amazing it makes me want to cry . Sports programing blows the mind away . I even enjoy watching boring hi-def shows with the wife , like the Oscars , just because I am so amazed at how crystal clear the picture looks . You feel like you are there ! Regular TV looks surprisingly great too , but setting it up right is critical . Make sure to change the aspect ratio back to Native -LRB- vs 16:9 when watching hi-def channels -RRB- . Ensure that the HDTV cable box has the following settings : Aspect Ratio -LRB- controls regular programming -RRB- = 4:3 letterboxOutput Type -LRB- controls High def programming -RRB- = experiment with 720P vs 1080i4 :3 overide -LRB- controls regular programming -RRB- = 480p . I am also using the expensive $ 99 monster DVI cable to connect to the cable box . This is essential to make regular TV look great vs grainy . Get the DVI to M1 connections , wires and adaptors - you MUST budget this into your overall budget or the projecter will not be a great buy -LRB- see my `` problem '' section below -RRB- .2 -RRB- X-Box . I purchased the Hi-Def cable/wire from Microsoft for $ 20 . Once you buy the cables , you can go into the Xbox dashboard settings to allow for 720p and 1080i . Most games are in 480p and 16:9 format . The few Games in highdef look fantastic ! You can check hdtvarcade.com to see the exact resolution of every game .3 -RRB- DVD player
 I purchased this multimedia projector on behalf of a local non-profit organization after comparing its specifications with other projectors with similar prices . Several comparable projectors are available currently , and I chose this one because of good experience with its previous model -LRB- the X1 -RRB- and slightly better specs.Our initial experiences with this unit have been completely satisfactory . The controls are easy to use , the output is bright and sharp for an audience of around 40 people . I was disappointed , however , to discover that it has only one adjustable leg toward the front of the projector . That leg is used in tilting the projected image upward , but we had to use found materials to level the unit . Two legs would be better !
 There is no Faroudja DCDi processing in this new device . So please change your information about the machine .
 The de-interlacer chip is unneaded as long as you use all progressive sources.In fact when you input HDTV it uses the same scaler as the X1 and H30 projectors.The image quality is great . Just dont try and watch TV on it , you 'll claw your eyes out.I ca n't push that enough , the projector is awesome , as long as you use NO interlaced sources .
 For a fax program that is better than the windows version , this program is a no brainer . I have no trouble sending and receiving faxes . Good product to buy , no problems yet .
 I have used HF Message Center v. 3.0 since 1999 , on versions of Windows from 98 up to my present XP Pro and have yet to have a single problem with it . I use it daily to fax work reports and have grown to love being able to group my business contacts and fax to them all with one click . In addition , I use the voice mail to answer my phone while I 'm at work and it works perfectly every time . I like the pre-recorded messages that came on the installation cd and have used them exclusively . A few are muffled sounding , but the main greetings -LRB- male and female -RRB- sound just fine . Version 3.0 also has support for data transmissions and receipts , but those functions are pretty well outdated now that the internet is established . Still , it 's a bit nostalgic to open up Host mode and dream of connecting to a BBS . For the price , I can not imagine a better product exists ! Some folks have complained about having to change screens to get to the voice mail files , but , honestly , NOBODY puts all their functions on one screen . It 's too messy that way . Smith Micro did a good job on this package and I would have given them ten stars if that were an option . Incidentally , I have used WinFax v. 8.0 and liked it too . Both programs give good service . I prefer the phonebook used in WinFax but overall I like HotFax better .
 I was reasonably impressed with the software package . It has nearly 6000 job descriptions on file from which to choose . I am impressed by the diversity of the job decriptions available and how well they address the particular jobs that I am familiar with . The descriptions are general enough to fit most positions where they would be used , but can be modified as needed to taylor them . The software allows specifics like education , language , and mathematics requirements to be specified if needed and addresses the physical demands and work environments associated with each job . Overall , this is a reasonably concise package that provides a good platform for the creation of job descriptions .
 It 's okay , I guess . I would n't call it the best program in the world but if you are stuck on algebra , use this program . -LRB- It worked for me , anyway . -RRB-
 Wanting to set up a formal process to make reviews happen in a medical office with 7 doctors and 28 staff persons was a big wish of mine . After a little learning curve delay of how to set up forms , and training supervisors to not mess with my computer , I got them to begin the process with more content and less subjectivity than in years before . Using the word processor to tailor responses was a little `` clunky '' , but it churned out decent reviews formatted for our organization . Not a bad deal . Wish there were competencies for different industries , but , hey this is not the enterprise edition .
 while utilzing this product for HR purposes , it is easy to use and cuts back on all paperwork
 Dr. Brain holds a special place in my ... well , brain . _ Castle _ , _ Island _ , and _ Lost Mind _ of Dr. Brain present puzzles toyou , Dr. Brain 's assistant , under several different bizzare premises - in this one , the great Doctor has accidentally exchanged brains with his lab rat , and you must set things right.These games are stocked with the best variety of puzzles ever seen , covering algebra , classical music , art history , scientific measurement , logical sequence , jigsaw puzzles , engineering , language skills , and so much more . What 's even better , these games can be played over and over again , at varying levels of difficulty . As usual with Havis Interactive , the actual age level for this game extends above and beyond what 's printed on the box . This is a game worth getting , because a young child can keep playing it through many years . If only they sold the whole series ! _ Castle _ , the oldest , is by far the best ... END
 I gave this puzzle to a friend who works with brain injured children . Not only did the kids help Dr. Brain get his mind together again , but the puzzles helped the kids to regain some of the ground lost with their injuries.The organization of the puzzles echos much of the theories of the seven intelligences.Best of all , it 's a lot of fun !
 i played this game when i was in 6th grade and i still play it in 8th . its a challenging game that keeps the mind boggling and constantly thinking . its cool .
 This puzzle game truly bends your mind . Each puzzle is challenging , even on the easy level . Three levels of play would even give those at Mensa a difficult time . The three dimensional work has helped me picture things for my geometry homework more easily . Although the game does not actually focus on parts of the brain , it focuses on all aspects of logic and reasoning skills . Definently worth buying for all young puzzl solvers .
 I had this game when I was younger and I thank my lucky stars that my parents bought it for me ! I can name all of the elements on the periodic table by their symbols , and sight-read music a little bit . This game provides children with skills they wo n't realize the utility of for a few years , but it put me way ahead in my high school chemistry and AP Psychology classes !!
 I used to be addicted to playing Dr. Brain on my Windows 95 computer back in 1995 . Years later , the game got lost and computers got upgraded . Just recently , I was talking with my sisters about how great this game was and how much we would like to play it again . I learned so much and exercised my brain so much when I was a kid , that I really wanted to try it now as an adult . I found it here on Amazon and bought it . I had to install a Virtual PC -LRB- with Windows XP -RRB- on my Windows 7 64-bits laptop because the game is not compatible with it . It worked well and I was very thrilled to try Dr. Brain again .
 This was an excellent game at the time , but I 've found that I 've been unable to play this game on any modern operating system or on Windows 98 in a Virtual Machine .
 This game is relly fun eny time at sochol and I the best game in it is train of thoght
 I love to go on road trips . One of the highlights of my going on vacation is the planning stage . The Trip Maker 1999 made the process a whole lot simpler . From the ease of use of the software to the amount of information it supplies , the Tripmaker is a perfect planning tool . I had my 2 week trip mapped and printed out in less than 2 hours . It shows you the fastest route , or the more scenic drive , rest stops and hotels that will fit your budget , and area attractions along the way . It will even calculate a budget for you ! How can you go wrong with it ? The only way to improve the Tripmaker would be to teach it to drive the car !
 Much easier than an atlas for finding unknown places . As a buyer of trucks and logging equipment , we travel to out of the way places and this program is great for giving you milage and approx . drive times before deciding to make the trip or not . Also much in demand by family and friends to help plan trips to new destinations . We particularly like that you can route the trip by fastest and shortest to compare and also that you can route through specified places to help with side trips .
 This program is extremely helpful in planning trips . It gives mileage , landmarks , good places to stop , and other helpful travel information . You can calculate the time acurately by putting in your driving speed . Great program . A must have for those of us who travel often !
 A very nice assmebler . It comes with both 16 bit and 32 bit assmeblers for DOS and Windows , with support for both MASM and IDEAL modes . You also get the Turbo Debugger as well as a ton of other programs . The user manual has a nice introduction to programming in assembly . Borland should give themselves a pat on the back for this one.I recommend buying `` Mastering Turbo Assmebler '' if your interested in becoming a serious assmebly language programmer .
 An excellent starter kit for mixing , creating and mastering your own musical creations . Essentially the same tools as B.I.A.S. Peak , with a slightly less flashy -LRB- b/w -RRB- display 9which can be customized to a limited degree . The Loop feature in the Control Drop Down Menu is particularly helpful for sample and loop based hip-hop and electronic production . A solid purchase for those of us who ca n't afford the whole Pro Tools / Cubase set-up right away .
 Program is easy to use with any Avery product . Once the product is identified by product number -LRB- easily visible on all products -RRB- , the program does the rest .
 This is an excellent program for ease of use and versatility . The only problem I have encountered is that it is difficult to incorporate some graphics onto the labels . Business and personal applications are nearly limitless !
 While this is one of Avery 's most poplular products , and one of the best on the market , it falls short in one area . When you do a layout , you should be able to remove the grid , and have `` cross hairs '' to aid you in alignment . It 's a small thing , and the average person may not require it . But especially for business cards , it needs a few more features . Everyday design though , makes this a top program full of artwork and is easy enough for even a novice to design with !
 Nice software package , but Avery is now offering free templates , plus free software for MS Office . It 's really hard to recommend this now , since more versatility and ease of use is available for free on Avery 's website .
 I just started playing this game and I already like it a lot ! My friend showed me how to use it . It is definitly a time consuming game but it is still very fun . The only thing I have trouble with is navigation around the whole terrarium but I 'm still just starting so that is why I give this wonderful game 5 stars ! I love this game ! So buy it , buy it , buy it !
 My uncle gave me a copy of this awhile ago and i loved it . It 's based on genetics and biology . It got a lot of interesting things to do . It 's knda tricky but theres all sorts of upgrades on the internet and it 's fun to play when your kinda bored and need something to occupy your mind .
 I just started playing this game and I already like it a lot ! My friend showed me how to use it . It is definitly a time consuming game but it is still very fun . The only thing I have trouble with is navigation around the whole terrarium but I 'm still just starting so that is why I give this wonderful game 5 stars ! I love this game ! So buy it , buy it , buy it !
 Some of the other Reviews for Creatures 2 are n't so good , and I relize This , but once you get into it and you start to like the idea of saving the ecosystem , AND SOME REALLY CUTE NORNS from complete destruction , then you begin to understand your Norns , Grendels and Ettins . It 's not as hard as people say . They 're all close minded . this is a really challenging game , and I 'll admit to that , but the norns do obey you , they do seem real , and they do listen to your commands , even if your not an animal tamer , and you can save Albia , Even if your not an expert bioligist . It 's not as hard as people make it out to be . And the norns really are sweet things , I 'll admit they are n't as cute and cuddly as the first Creatures adventure , but they are cute . I think that people just need to relax and try to understand the meaning of this game , which is really easy to do , I really like it . People just need to have an open opinion on some of these things . If you want my advice , this is a really interesting game , it makes you think , there are gene splicers to create your own norns , and ettins , and all types of neat adventures ready for you as you explore a computer world complete within itself , and virtualy perfect except for the Grendels . -LRB- YUUCCCKKKK ! -RRB- This Truly is a great game , a work of 3D art , but if your not ready to give these creatures your full dedication and time , then this is n't the game for you , although it is fun . Have fun and play great , I hope kids of all ages can appreciate this wonderful game , but I do n't recomend this game for anyone under 10 -LRB- It WILL be to hard for them ! -RRB- have fun !
 This is a game that I 'd advise you to buy , but not without reading the pro 's and con 's , because this game might not be for you.Pros
 1 . Download the breeds and objects you find the most interesting from the net -LRB- like , the Life kits are now free ! -RRB- 2 . Hatch few norns , and teach them to speak3.Explore the world with them , but be careful about going to the volcano , it has some radiation : o4.The grendels are not really evil in this game , they hardly hit norns and are quite peaceful , but still , there 's need to watch out5.Breed your norns , and get interesting crossbreeds ! 6 . And so on ... this game is the best ever ! I RECOMMEND THIS TO EVERYBODY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I 've seen that a lot of people have given this game a not very good review but i loved it . it was very time consuming and addictive , but once i got into it and realized different tips and strategies of playing , it was so much fun . i especially like that you can find a million places on the net to d/l new things for the game . great game , especially for only 19.99 , i paid almost double that .
 I am a vetran Creatures Player , and as a comment to Creatures 2 , This is the BEST !! When you hatch your norns , you can feel that bond that develops beetween you both . The Norns are undeniably cute , intelligent , and just plain funny ! If I were you , BUY NOW !!!! Certain applets let you play with your norn 's mind , or you can play with one Norn and have a brilliant time ! It 's open-ended , so play to your own prefrences ! There are also many sites that let you create your own breeds , download new ones , download COBS , and so on ! It 's also very realistic . The norns live , eat , breed , die , -LRB- though there are some immortal ones that are floating around in Cyberspace ;-RRB- -RRB- There 's weather , the sun sets and rises , snow falls , heat waves follow , and so much more ? Why are you still reading ? Get going ! See that little Buy button ? Click it if you know what 's good for ya !
 I 've had the game for about one and a a half years now and it 's still as fun to play now as it was then . What makes it so fun is that you can always get new creatures breeds off from the internet , you can also get new types of plants , animals , food , and other things that will help your creatures world from the internet . By breeding different types of norns you can get some really neat colorful looking norns . I highly reccommend getting this game .
 Ok , ere ' goes . I purchased this game about a month ago . Please take notice , The above mentioned so called WHIZKID is not so whiz . Afterall , he does have a terribly insulting , sulking attitude about absolutely everhting . Maybe he wanted a hug when he was a kid . ` Shame to see so many depressed people . ANYWAY , this game needs alot more credit than it 's been given . It is a very charming and time consuming game . It is unfortunately , rather frustrating if you come across some rather difficult norns . Which , might I include , does not , very fortunately , happen very often . Only when the norn is mistreated . That 's right , mistreated , they actually recognize when they 're not being treated well . Unless you have absolutly no skill with toddlers , or young children , who , obviously would need alittle love and care , this game is very rewarding . Unless you are one of the people described in the above sentence , like the Unknown Whizkid , who so graciously decided to be malicoius and unreasonable , you 'll absolutley adore this game . It 's very sweet . You watch the young ones grow up , and become adults , then they have children of their own . The children are too adorable for words , they pay attention to the all powerful hand untill they reach adolescence , something that most teenagers do . I should know , I am one . But they still depend on you to look out for them . Unless your coldhearted and do n't have enough patience to care for a child , then I highly recommend this game . It 's actually more of a learning expieriance . If you intend to babysit , or if you already do , than this is good practice . The norns actually look qiute alot like gremlins , If you 've ever seen the movie . I hope that you decide to purchase this game , or the third version , because the creatures in the first game are repulsive and disgusting , have no facial expression , and they blend into the background . The graphics are absolutley terrible in Creatures 1 . I suggest you stay away from that edition . Good luck with the game , I hope you enjoy it !
 I tried this at a friend 's house and ordered mine from eBay -LRB- sorry Amazon , but THEY ship to Canada ! -RRB- and it 's a GREAT game ! The norns are kind of hard to train -LRB- `` freddy hungry , run grendel '' ... what ?!?! -RRB- It 's hard to make them eat , sleep , get away from the grendels , not drown ... but it 's a challenge . Also if you have little kids they should try Creatures Adventures . It 's creatures for young children and it 's also cute although I never tried it . This game is pretty old so it is at bargain prices now . Have fun ! : - -RRB-
 I bought this game when it first came out . . That 's right , it cost me $ 40 . . I was in middle school at the time and I confess , I was extremely disappointed at first ... My norns kept dying . i did n't know what to do.Probably five plus years later I picked it up again and I fell in love with it . I realized how complicated and vast the eco system was , how complicated it was to care for the norns , what a great challenge it presented.If you are a science head and find sims to be a little bit mundane at times , you got ta play this game . If you do n't like it at first it will grow on you . Trust me , like the description said , this game is very underrated !
 I l oved Creatures2 ever since i got it.You start out with 6 norn eggs and hatch them , teach them to talk and other stuff.And also the are the evil , deseased , grendels that will hurt your norns , then there are the Ettins -LRB- my favorite personaly -RRB- they are the horders.There is also a Splicer machine so you can splice your creatures to see what comes out!Oh and a radioactive volcano .
 Virtual petz-you may hear this and think of the annoying Giga Pets that were popular a few years ago . Not so . If you are on vacation or need a break , just do n't open the game and nothing will happen to your Catz
 I like my catz to have babies.They 're so cute when they 're first born.It has many kinds of clothes and hats.It also has a pair of glasses and sun - glasses.It has 4 different playscenes , KITCHEN , FAMILYROOM , BACKYARD , & BEACH.It also has the regular PLAYPEN.It has many accessories.I liked it very much .
 Ever since i had my first computer i had catz and dogz from pf magic . I started out with catz and dogz 1 at the time i have never seen anything like it , i fell in love . Then I found out they came out with catz 2 , it had better graphics and was so much better then catz 1 . Of course after that i got catz 3 , I didnt get dogs on account that my computer -LRB- win 95 -RRB- died . Catz3 was the best so far , more breeds , clothesl , more toys , and they could have kittens -LRB- G rated no inapropreit matieral -RRB- . there was actually diffrent worlds you could go to , and you could download more !! Catz 3 has new playscenes , the kitchen , the family room , backyard , a beach , toy closet , clothes closet , playpen , and like always your desktop.There are ten breedz
 There is no doubt in my mind that this is the best version ever.I will start with the breedz . There are ten breedz
 i do n't own this game , but i play it at my friend 's house all the time . I do own Catz 2 , and 3 is a lot better.in 3 , you can go to different rooms , Have different foods , Play with lots of more toyz , have tons of different breedz , change the color of the paint can , and let them put on clothez and accessoriez . You can even breed them ! in catz 2 you ca n't do any of that stuff . the only complaints i 've heard were from people who uploaded they 're catz from 1 or 2 , and say that they 're catz used to be friendly and do tricks , but refuse to in 3 . otherwise this is a great game !
 This is an excellent game , very simple , and easy to use , yet very entertaining . I own this game and can spend hours on it . It is pretty much suitable for all all ages and my whole family enjoys it . If you prefer dogs to catz , however , there is a dogz 3 game which is just a good . I reccomend this program over catz 1 , or 2 , though , because of the small perks , such as different play areas , and being able to dress the catz etc. . All in all i would definetly reccomend this item .
 I have Catz 2 but my dad is talking about getting me Catz 3 and I hope he says yes because it 's SO Much fun ! I gon na make some of my Catz marry and wait for them to have kittens ! dressing them will be fun ! you ca n't dress them or make them marry in Catz 2 . All you can do is adopt them and play with them in the playpen in Catz 2 .
 I loved petz 3 . It is a great improvement over petz 2 . You get more breeds
 I freakin ' CRIED when , after hours of searching the net for a solution , I had come tot he sad realization that thsi game is not compatible with windows Vista . ; - ; whyyyyyyyy
 This game is SO much fun ! I think the idea of having a virtual pet that can actually breed is a sweet idea ! The very first time my cat got pregnant I was totally happy ! Any way , this CD was a great idea , because if your really wishing for a pet but you ca n't have one , then this is the CD for you ! You can treat your cat just like a real one by
 This game is SO much fun ! I think the idea of having a virtual pet that can actually breed is a sweet idea ! The very first time my cat got pregnant I was totally happy ! Any way , this CD was a great idea , because if your really wishing for a pet but you ca n't have one , then this is the CD for you ! You can treat your cat just like a real one by
 I do n't have catz 3 but my Friend has dogz 3 I asume that catz would be more fun bucause I 'm more into catz than dogz.dogz # 1 is fun but you ca n't do as much as you can in this one I would say that this game is the bomb . you would defenetly want to get it unfortunetly there out of cds probobly cause it 's so . popular my brother who 's 9 and my sister who 's 5 even like it .
 This game totally rocks ! Your little kitties and puppies from Catz and Dogz 2 can actully marry and have a puppy or kitten ! Also the game dos n't crash like Catz 4 and 5 , and it allows you to have more Petz -LRB- Catz 5 never ever worked with more than 2 Catz for me -RRB- . Also there is wayyy more toys and you can take off their Clothez or dress them up . There is 1 more breed than Catz 2 , too . The Tabby was introduced -LRB- unless you downloaded it from the site -RRB- I like all of the mini-features -LRB- sink turns on , open cabnits and store things , etc. -RRB- This game has nothing wrong with it !
 I do n't have catz 3 but my Friend has dogz 3 I asume that catz would be more fun bucause I 'm more into catz than dogz.dogz # 1 is fun but you ca n't do as much as you can in this one I would say that this game is the bomb you would defenetly want to get it unfortunetly there out of cds probobly cause it 's so popular my brother who 's 9 and my sister who 's 5 even like it
 This CD helps kids build a variety of math skills , including addition and logical thinking . The different levels are good , but what I really love is how you can move around and play your favorite games again and again . The only negative is there is no subtraction practice . But kids learn without even realizing it . This is great . I wish there were more like it !
 I bought this for my daughter when she was about 7 . She struggled at first , but it was so motivating she kept trying until she learned the skills to get all the way through the game . In the meantime , her 5 year old brother started watching . He was soon able to win all the games -LRB- with a little coaching from big sis -RRB- . He is in 1st grade and gets 100 % on all his math tests . I think that playing Aladdin made math more intuitive for him . He still plays the game at age 7 and loves it .
 My son received this when he was 6 years old . He played with it constantly . He helped his 5 year old sister play with him . Today he is 8 and still loves playing at a higher skill level . The attraction for my kids is that their goal is to get the pieces of the magic lamp from which Bizarra escaped . Once they get the pieces , they can capture her . To accomplish this , they have to play various math games to free their friends and get the pieces . They get basic math skill practice and have fun doing it . Even after they 've accomplished their goal , they can come back and play any game they want or start a new game . They get practice in basic addition , geometric shapes , sequences , matching patterns , etc. .
 The first thing that stands out about this title is the sensational cinema quality video -LRB- like the disney cartoon of the same name -RRB- . It is just so much more attractive than other cheap looking kids maths programs . The adventure set up is also a great hook for kids and gets them in much more than the usual maths exercises after unrelated maths exercise in other programs.It is excellent for shapes and numbers . Shapes/spatial/geometry is very well covered with games such as mosaics , geonyms -LRB- a type of mosaic competition against a computer opponent , and triangle -LRB- tangram type -RRB- key puzzles . Numbers are well covered in a 100 grid changing wall and throughout the program . Addition is also well done in a number wall , and a very entertaining crystal mixing logic game to make potions to release Aladdin from the genie vortex . All of these are suitable for younger children any my 5 year olds enjoy these -LRB- with some parental help -RRB- . On the down side subtraction is only incidentally covered as a fall back when your kids make an addition error and need to backtrack . Also division and multiplication are only briefly covered and would not be to the third grade standard suggested in the documentation . However it is excellent to see that algebra is introduced in such a painless and novel way with the fruit trading game.Overall it is an excellent introduction to maths for children who already know their numbers to 30 or so and have had some exposure to math . If your kids are reluctant at maths but have seen the Aladdin DVD/Video they will soon become very interested using this excellent math quest program . The adventure/quest to rescue Aladdin and his friends is a great way to improve logic skills too and will particularly appeal to the goal directed child who is unwilling to do `` pointless '' homework exercises . Well worth getting if you 're prepared to sit and help your kids at first .
 This is the third copy of Disney 's Math Quest with Aladdin that I have purchased . I home school my three children and they have worn out each disk in turn . It is my three-year-old 's turn now . In order to continue to find the characters and items in the game , the player must use math skills such as greater than/less than , addition , subtraction , multiplication , patterns , shapes , sequences , mosaics , even finding a path on a grid and following directions . If you can stand the voice of the bird -LRB- who by the way is the voice of `` Digit '' on PBS 's `` Cyberchase '' -RRB- then even you will enjoy these games . Many are like an old carnival .
 I have a 6 year old boy playing this educational game and he really likes it . The characters help the child solve the math problems andthey 're very humorous . Graphics are excellent and it has several levels of difficulty . I highly recommend this game .
 I have two kids , 5 and 6 , and had purchased one copy . They both loved it -- the 6 year old can do more of it by himself , but the 5 year old is getting it . The program offers a tangram kind of segment which allows the kids to manipulate geometric shapes , scales that want 3 addition problems solved simultaneously -- had to explain it on paper to the six year old and show him that it was addition they were doing to which he replied
 my six year old plays this every day for hours at a time
 While the package says it is for Win 95/98 , it does install and run under NT 4.0 -LRB- saying its NT 3.0 and I might have problems with NT -RRB- on my Dell 7500 laptop . The installer does want you to change to 256 color mode , but runs okay in 65,536 -LRB- 16-bit -RRB- color mode.My 8 year old son loves this program .
 Since more than a century the National Geographic Society brings the world to your home . Excellent articles enhanced with beautiful pictures by professional photographers let you glimpse a wide range of topics , from descriptions of countries , towns and villages , over people and animals , to scientific reports . This is certainly one of the best witness of the history of the twentieth century.Many of these expeditions are actually financey by the National Geographic Society . The writer is always participant and often even the responsible scientist or traveller.Spanning more than a century it might seem that many article are old . But they are still very interesting since they show worlds long lost to the spread of civilization . Furthermore , it gives the reader insights into the world as it was seen in other times.The CD-Box compresses this vast knowledge into a small box . The integrated search function lets you find your topics of interest quickly . This is certainly one of America 's best products and worth your money and time .
 This software is excellent for children as well as adults , great selection of clip art and a wonderful variety of items from cards to calendars and more . I would recommend it to anyone who likes to make their own cards , banners and much much more . Also has a lot of photo projects , very versatile . It also lets you import other clip art as well . Very user friendly . Graphics are comparable to actual American Greeting cards in the stores . Sentiment gallery has a wide selection from birthday to sympathy cards . I would say it is the most used software in our collection .
 I have used American Greetings Print ! Premium for about 4 years now and love it . I am dissapointed , however with the reviews I 'm reading on the newer versions of this product . I need to upgrade because I have upgraded to Windows XP , but I 'm not sure if I will like the newer versions . I also have Halmark Card Studio and find that the interface is a lot simpler to use , but lacking a lot of the features I prefer in the Print ! program . If you can manouver through a word processing program , you will find that Print ! 's similar commands are easier to grasp . If not , then I suggest you go with Halmark . It is simpler to use but you do n't have the versitility of Print !
 This product is now upgraded to CS3 - and if you have the money i would recommend going for CS3 - I am a graphic designer and of course use a MAC and all the Adobe products , which are supreme for the field . You can get other illustrator programs - but if you are using Adobe products they now relate to each other easily and it just makes your working a bit less stressful.i would recommend going with the CS3 - i know that everytime you turn around they are upgrading software - but i think CS3 is sticking around for awhile -
 New , more powerful tracing capabilities are now in Adobe Illustrator CS2 software . Illustrator CS2 has the Live Trace feature eliminating the need for the Streamline program . Illustrator CS2 's Live Trace offers enhanced tracing quality , function and performance.What is new in Adobe Illustrator ? + Adobe Illustrator 's auto-trace tool . The new Live Trace features provide auto-tracing in black and white or color.First , you import a bit-mapped image . Next , click on Illustrator 's Live Trace button . You can tweak any number of tracing parameters , and your tracing becomes updated . I then change the tolerance and thresholds , and tracing methods , and save these forms as new tracing presets.Tracing remains `` live '' . You tell Illustrator to expand the tracing into normal Illustrator paths and fills . + How do you use the Live Paint tool ? Just like a bitmapped paint program Illustrator will automatically fill the enclosed area with the current color . Live Paint can even fill areas that not completely enclosed . Live Paint has a gap-detector that lets you close paths that have gaps . + How do you color grayscale or 1-bit images ? Select the bitmap object . Make sure the Fill button in the toolbox or Color palette is selected . Use the Color palette to color the image with black , white , a process color , or a spot color . + Adobe Illustrator includes an updated interface and a new workflow for painting objects . It works with colors , patterns , and gradients . + Illustrator has grids for laying out artwork . It also has a new tool for adjusting the shapes of paths , and new tools and options for working with vertical text and graphs . You can now use the new time-saving commands , palette features , and keyboard shortcuts . Recently added tool tips and context menus help you quickly identify different interface elements and choose commonly used commands.Which Bitmap images and Vector graphics should you use in Adobe Illustrator?Bitmap images are the most common medium for continuous-tone images , such as photographs or digital paintings . They can represent shades and color gradations . Bitmap images are resolution-dependent that contain a fixed number of pixels . They can lose detail and appear jagged when scaled on-screen or when printed at a low resolution.Vector graphics are resolution-independent . You scaled them to any size and you can print vector graphics at any resolution without losing detail or clarity . Vector graphics are the best choice for representing graphics that must retain crisp lines when scaled to various size and look great for making company logos.Reactions
 I have been using FlowCharter 7 for years and have found it to be very easy to use . Flowcharts can be linked together and links can be created from process boxes to Word and Excel documents . In one project I even linked training video clips to process boxes . It also includes SPC charting , easy check lists and the ability to publish flowcharts to the web . This is the fastest and easiest software I have ever used for documenting and publishing processes . Also take a look at the newer version called iGrafx Professional and for business simulation iGrafx Process .
 I agree with Grady , this product is very easy to learn to use and has everything I 've ever needed it for . Every time I try other similar products , I wind up coming back to Micrografx Flowcharter 7.0 . I use it not only for making Flowcharts , but System Block Diagrams , Wiring Diagrams , Process Flows , and Organization Charts too . I run Flowcharter 7.0 under Microsoft WINDOWS XP , and everything works just fine.You can Select , Copy , and Paste your work from Flowcharter 7.0 into Microsoft OFFICE 2003 's WORD and/or POWER POINT , which I use to illustrate points I 'm writing about in my respective document -LRB- s -RRB- . It works great!I paid good money for this , but I am very happy with the Product , have used it for years , and would recommend it to anyone .
 I primarily use this product to scan pen or pencil drawings into EPS or AI files for Adobe Illustrator . Works like a charm and is very simple .
 I purchased this tool for the purpose of scanning camera-ready Native-American artwork for touch-ups and digital prepress , and found it to work wonderfully well . In the two years since purchasing Streamline , however , I have found that the resulting quality degrades quickly with the quality of input . I still feel as though Adobe could have taken this software package one step further and provided a more robust support for conversion and covered a wider range of export options .
 Actually , I 'm Diane 's husband . I own and operate all of the `` easy format '' programs such as Photo Suite II , Picture It , Adobe Photoshop Deluxe 3.0 etc. . After often being frustrated by the inability to manipulate something in a personal way , I decided upon returning to a package that I had sampled years ago . Apparently , MicroGrafix has decided to compete with the low end products but has offered a high end product for the same price . It does n't take you by the hand , but the basics are easily accessable . You wo n't find greeting card projects or collages but you will find an incredible amount of flexibility and special effects not found in the other $ 50 packages . If you really want to be creative , this package deserves a look . It has it all and for the price , it 's a steal .
 I have and use both Adobe Photoshop -LRB- stupidly expensive and very difficult to use -RRB- and Mircrografx Picture Publisher 8 . Picture Publisher does 99.99 % of what Photoshop does at less than 10 % of the cost . In addition , PP8 is Microsoft Office compatible and almost -LRB- not entirely , but close -RRB- seamless with Office . The toolbars look the same and the icons perform the same functions as Office . PP8 is easier to use than Photoshop and more intuitive . There is still a learning curve but it is shorter and not nearly as steep . I find myself turning to PP8 more often than all of my other photo editing programs combined -LRB- Arcsoft Photo Studio , Microsoft Photo Editor , Adobe Photo Deluxe and Microsoft Picture It ! -RRB- .
 I have several image-editing programs including Adobe , but this one is the one I use the most ! It is easy to use , fast , and does it all for unbelievably little money . Makes great web pictures and backgrounds . Does everything from 3-channel brightness and contrast control to saturation and color separation . Resizing is a breeze which makes E-mailing pictures fast and easy ! Mask , cut , paste are excellent too .
 I have used many image editing programs and Micrografix Picture Publisher is easily the best . You do need to spend some time to learn how to use it but it is well worth it . You have at your fingertips a lot of power to manipulate your images by using special effects and masks . You also can create objects out of images and put several objects together to make complex multi layered images . Picture Publisher also has a great and easy to use interface for resizing and color enhancing your pictures . It has a detailed history of recent manipulations so you can easily undo your last several steps . One of the best things about the program is it is very fast . It performs very high powered enhacements faster than any other imaging editing program I have used . With this program you get almost all the power of Photoshop at a fraction of the price . It is one of my favorite pieces of software that I own .
 This is THE software to have if you are an beginning or intermediate designer without the time or patience to scale the steep learning curve of Adobe or Corel . I have used this software to create custom graphics . . it has amazing effects , and the more you play with it , the more you can do . It 's also an excellent medium for digital retouching . I have gotten so good with PP8 that I now have my own online retouching business . I would recommend this for anyone who likes to play with color , texture , and learn on their own .
 I started with Picture Publisher when a condensed version came with a hand held scanner I purchased several years ago . -LRB- I believe it was version 2 -RRB- Since then I have had version 4 , 8 , 9 , and now 10 . Every time I knew of an upgrade , I ordered the newer version . I have used Print Shop Pro , ulead
 I 've had PP 8 for four years now . Time and again I 've tried software from other vendors -LRB- yes , even Photoshop !!! -RRB- , but this baby is still one of the most versatile applications I own . Its dependable , like an old tool in the garage . No workshop should be without it . Its user interface is still so easy and quick , yet so professional . Though it lacks the extreme high-end things in Adobe and some of the others , it is my old standby for digital editing and correction . Sure , you can shell out hundreds for the big name ... but this product stands its own ground and will never let you down . I paid much more for it when it was first available , and it is a STEAL at its current price . I have used this product for business and personal use and it is timeless . Get it while you still can !
 This is really nice for editing pictures for websites and such , but the web page wizards refuse to work for me saying that I need to insert CD 2 and when I do it still wo n't work . The button maker creates buttons that are way to large for use on any webpage , but all in all I am very happy with it . I have turned out some very nice edited JPG 's and I am glad I spent the money for it .
 I used this program successfully for years . But then Windows and Micrografx went their separate ways and Picture Publisher is no longer compatible with Windows , either Vista -LRB- but then who wants to be compatible with that turkey ? -RRB- or Windows 7 . It 's nice that you can still buy it online from various sources , but if you 've kept up with Bill Gates and his annual upgrades -LRB- so-called -RRB- , it 's useless . God , I wish someone would come out with a similarly easy-to-use photo program that the greedy boys in Seattle will allow us to use !
 This is a great program . I have been using it since '92 when I stripped it out of Micrografx technical drawing package . It 's a great general-purpose bit map editor that is easy right from the start . As you become familiar with how it operates the interface becomes very intuitive . Programs like Adobe require continual use in order to remember how to perform even basic operations , but I can come back to PP after six months of not using it and pick it right up again . Many of the wizards , effects and light studio options are particularly nice . Take a nice picture , apply a lighting effect and then use the `` impressionist '' paint wizard to produce a genuine work of art . Gota love this program.Misplaced my CD so I was thrilled to find the replacement for such a reasonable price . WTG Amazon .
 Dinosaur Hunter is a quality piece of work . Our 5 year old started playing with it when he was 4-1/2 -LRB- box lists age 10 -RRB- . He needed a good deal of hand holding the first 3 months of constant playing -LRB- he really loves dinosaurs , and this was a perfect match -RRB- , but after that point he was able to navigate and investigate on his own . He still loves the program . Even though the content is reasonably deep and fascinating for an adult , there is a lot of interactive work that a pre-reading younger kid can enjoy . When clicking on dinosaurs , they will move and make the kinds of sounds that scientists would expect from a study of bone structures . There are a large number of movies , and there are many places where the program will read or pronounce names . One day our son was walking in circles . Each time he came back into view he was a different dinosaur with a different walk and a different roar . A different day he walked into the room and asked my wife for help finding the caudal vertebra for the heterodontasaurus . Not for all kids , but our youngster loves it .
 Enter the prehistoric world of dinosaurs ... Simply wanderaround the VR museum and click on the exhibits ... easy user interface!Amazing animations and special 3D animations makes learning about dinosaur easy . Moving around is easy ! In fact , this CD - rom is like playing an educational title of MYST . Many 3D models to thrill and excite dinosaur fans . There 's even a dig site to find dinosaur bones to bring them back to life ! The perfect CD-rom for anyone who likes or is interested in dinosaurs .
 I approached this product like a book , clicking on to every option in chronological order . It held my interest all the way through . DK really did a fine job . There 's plenty of information to read and plenty of interesting things to look at .
 As an instructional media teacher in an elementary school , I personally found this tool to be great for students who were assigned work to locate and re-draw a map of a specific country , as well as list important facts regarding population , religions , economy , history , major events , and a whole lot of other details . While this has not been updated to reflect the present world scene , it is still an excellent reference for any child who wants to have a copy of the country 's map , as well as important information at his or her fingertips . Did I say that you can print information and maps from this CD?I know of an 8 year old who is fascinated with world geography , who would love to have this in her collection . Hopefully , the producers of this media will update it and give us a more recent edition.While I have my own copy , I have recently bought this for a young child who is enamoured with knowing about the world ; it was available through Amazon 's MarketPlace sellers . Check it out !
 This product is very useful . I used it many times , that I kept on using it again .
 This is certainly a great program for every budding artist or computer graphics major . It sure has come a long way from the first version ! There are so many options , it is so much more animated , etc.The only bad thing I saw mentioned in other reviews too . There are no labels on the buttons with actual words , so it 's kind of hard to remember what is where . They should have put words with the graphics already on the buttons representing what they are.But , I suppose , if you use the program enough , the problem is no longer an issue because you get so used to where everything is . Cool game !
 I just bought this software for my three year old grandson , and he LOVES it !!! Obviously , he can not use all of the creative capabilities of this program . But , he has already figured out how to change brushes , pencils , spray cans , etc. , how to change colors , and how to use various fill options . And , the options are seemingly limitless . We all love the undo feature . The sound effects are a riot and the creators of this program obviously had tons of fun writing it . My hat 's off to them , and if you 're looking for child software , this is the way to go .
 Kid Pix Deluxe3 has great animated stickers , but if your running Windows XP , you have to sideclick on the shortcut and click on properties then click on blaaa blaa blaaaaa that 's enoough of that.Anyway , it 's a great program .
 I bought this for my artistic 3 year old daughter expecting it to be a little over her head . It was perfect , east to use with funny sound effects and cool features . It 's great for doing cards and pictures for the grandparents etc. . I highly recommend this product !
 My 9 year old 's teacher recommended this software to me , and they use it regularly in their computer classes at school . My daughter loves it , and I 'm impressed by the things she can create and print . Imaginations are free to fly with this program .
 My children , who had used and earlier version of this program in school , were delighted when I bought this edition for them.The graphics are stunning , the combinations of activities keep them entertained for hours.Great buy to entertain your kids while stimulating their creativity and imaginations .
 My kids -LRB- 5 and 7 years old -RRB- both love this program and have spent countless hours exploring all the different features . I recently upgraded to Windows XP SP2 and was a little nervous on how it would affect this program . But it runs just fine .
 Probably the best kids software I 've ever played with . I bought this for my 5 year old , and when it came in the mail , I installed it and probably wasted about half my day playing with it , and I 'm 30 !!! It 's like photoshop for kids . I really ca n't say enough positive things about this program . Exceeded my expectations 200 %
 My granddaughter has played this game at school and loves it . However , this one keeps jamming up so is unplayable . The actual price of the game was $ .99 with $ 3.99 shipping so it 's not worth buying from this company again .
 Great software for children . Prompt delivery and received package in good order
 I like Kid Pix because it 's really easy to save pictures , and you can have a background to your picture -LRB- but Kid Pix version 1 does not -RRB- . It is cool.Mom
 I honestly ca n't say `` how much fun the game is '' or `` overall rating '' only because it was a gift for my 7 year old nephew . He was familiar with the program from school and was really looking forward to getting his own copy . It installed with no problems , and he has been using it quite a bit , so with that , I 'll have to assume it should receive a good rating . Sorry I ca n't be more help .
 I almost stayed all day with this product when I did not have XP yet.I have XP now but I like to remember the good times on Windows 98 ! Soime people say that it is not very good on XP.I wonder if it 's true?Can somebody tell me?Anyway you can make your own pictures that comes with sounds that are , so , so , Funky that you 'll laugh and enjoy!Plus , Much much much more to do!In only the day I bought this CD I knew how to do it all!Very good Cd game!Melisaa
 I must say , I have not yet purchased this software for my son , but I plan on doing so soon . I was introduced to Kid Pix in one of my EDU classes along with several other students that I student teach with . We all love it !! It is so great to have around . I 'm not even talking about the children using it , but we use it all the time to make props and other materials for our classrooms . It always has something to go along with our themes , whether it be sizes , colors , animals , letters , numbers , transportation , or anything . Ca n't wait to purchase it for my son . I just know he 'll love it !
 I love Kid Pix even though I 'm 14 and a half years old ! HAHA Anyways ... I used to have the old Kid Pix and the deluxe 3rd one is way better ! It 's just wicked fun making pics and the backrounds are cool and stuff . After I was helping my 6 year old cousin with it on Christmas , I was in love with it ! HAHA That 's my review.KID PIX RULES !!!!!! -LRB- Even if you 're almost 15 -RRB-
 ~ I wrote this review for the original Kid Pix , but it applies equally well to the Kid Pix Deluxe ***** Kid Pix is definitely the number one Software item on any list for kids age 3-13 . I rank it high on the shopping list for Adults , too ! This software is incredibly flexible and allows for artistic creativity , while still providing enough structure , for very young kids . ~ ***** The Software is very very easy to use . Emma and Ben were absolutely professional at this program at age 3 . In fact Emma had to warn me when I was n't saving a picture correctly.The program allows for freestyle drawing , but also has so many additional touches that make it exciting to the kids . Naturally , he first thing they go for is the `` stamps '' - little pre-designed artworks of objects commonly used in pictures
 Kid Pix is the best !!! At my school we have kid pix deluxe 3 , and it 's FUN !!!!!!!!!!!
 We purchased this software as recommended by my son 's school . My children ; 7 , 5 & 3 just love it and will spend hours of unassisted time on the computer playing with all the stamps , scenes , color pages and free style painting/coloring/drawing . My youngest has a little trouble at times , finding the things that he wants to work with , but he still has a ball with all the funny noises that it makes when you click . I found that saving the work to the computer then finding it again is a little difficult -LRB- might just be me though -RRB- and the kids use the printer ink like crazy , so be warned . All in all , this is a great product and is well worth the price .
 I was so thrilled when i loved this software on the computer for my so . it took a bit to load up and i thought to myself , I probably wo n't have enough memeory to run it . But it installed fine and started up quickly . My son loved it , there 's so much for him to explore and create with . We played together to learn some of the tools . he picked up on it right away . so now he plays with it by himself . He 's only 4 and I know this will last quite a few years entertaining him!i would definitely recommend this product !
 All my friends have kid pix , I am the only one that have kid pix 3 , , , AND ITS THE BEST !!! i would buy it again , , And i think every artistic kid should get it ! its 1,000,0000 Times better than the rest !!
 NOT ONLY DO MY KIDS LOVE THIS , WHO BY THE WAY ARE 14 & 16 , BUT SO DO I ! YOU CAN CREATE SO MANY DIFFERENT THINGS & JUST HAVE FUN THAT TIME FLIES BEFORE YOU KNOW IT !
 My son uses this program at school and it was his only birthday request . He loves it ! When his friends come over , they spend more time playing on Kid Pix than they do playing Wii or other video games . The pictures he can create allows him to use his imagination and my walls are beautifully decorated ! A great find !
 one day at school i broke my leg and all over of a fight of what i thought of kid pix !! i think it is fab . i dont have it at home but it is at school ! =-LRB- i am nagging my mum for it and she says yes but she never gets it for me . but now at this specail price she better get it or i 'm one unhappy chap!i say its worth -LSB- the money -RSB- so theres my opinion and how i liked it .
 Este programa ayuda a desarrollar la creatividad del ni & ntilde ; o , al mismo tiempo que lo familiariza con las herramientas del escritorio va adquiriendo desarrollo motriz fino necesario para la adquisici&oacute;n de nuevas destrezas para futuros usos de la computadora .
 This software is the ideal way to get your children and students interested in art . With all the special features it has , anyone young or old can enjoy art .
 My pal gave this cd to me & i loved it ! I made slideshows of my cartoon character -LRB- If i still had my site , i would give you a link . -RRB- , But my stamps got DESTROYED !!!! NOOOOOOO !
 My kids -LRB- 6 and 8 -RRB- LOVE playing with Kid Pix Deluxe 3x . It 's perfect for Mac OS X. -LRB- Tiger -RRB- They love to import photos from iphoto and fool with everyone . It 's easy to learn and has so many different functions you 'd never get bored . It also has a cool text part that says whatever you typed in many different funny voices . Very , very cool.Be careful , there are a few different kid pix software out there . Deluxe 3X is the best for a Mac .
 My 3rd grader uses this Software Program in school . When Santa brought it , she was thrilled . She loves this software , and so does her 4-year-old brother . Many hours of fun and creativity . Excellent investment .
 I got Kid Pix for Christmas and I love it ! We use it at school sometimes . It has a number of great stamps and sounds to improve the fantastic and imanginative pictures you can create . You can make birthday cards and connect-the-dots pictures . I would reccomend Kid Pix to anyone , kids or adults . Have fun !!
 I reccomend this game for everyone who has a fizzy or sparling imagination . It has beautiful backrounds , cool graphics and good images.It also has a little kid mode , so it is good for everybody . Buy this game NOW ! Do n't wait ! NOW !
 We have been using Kid Pix Studio Deluxe in our school for over 3 years . I bought this new version to try out with my class and they thought it was great . They all wanted to try out the new features , which they thought enhanced the program even more . I will definitely use this use version with my class in the fall . I use it to get my students interested in learning computer skills and to have fun at the same time . I gave it a four because I had to really spend time learning the new setup , because it is so different . One big plus , I do n't have to set the video settings at 256 colors .
 -LRB- Excerpt from a letter that I wrote directly to the product manager of Kid Pix . -RRB- ... `` This is the most amazing drawing program that has ever been created . You have done a great job ! You have taken advantage of every computer advancement of the past 12 years and have put it in the hands of children ! Good show ! You have combined game , television , art , science , math , education , music with passive/active entertainment . Kid Pix shows off what computers can do at their best . It teaches how to use a modern computer , without words ! It is fast and it is stable . Very well done .
 My 6-yr-old son mentioned Kid Pix every day for about a week after using it at school . I had seen this software many times but just thought it was another one of those coloring book kind of things that just about every kid web site has - for free . So I broke down and bought it . Now I ca n't wait for my son to go to bed at night so I can `` play '' with this software . It 's wonderful ! It has elements of Powerpoint -LRB- slideshows - even the frame timing and sounds -RRB- , Photoshop -LRB- filters like blur , noixe , pixelate , render , adjustments like brightness , contrast and even color filters ! -RRB- , word processors -LRB- adding text in installed fonts , sizing -RRB- , vector programs -LRB- like Illustrator that allow you to place a vector image -LRB- clipart -RRB- and resize -RRB- , and even hundreds of music selections/genres , clipart , scenery , artwork , textures , patterns , maps , and it will even read the text he types in . I obviously highly recommend this product .
 As the Producer of Kid Pix Deluxe 3 , I 'm writing to recommend it to everyone . I 'm biased , but I think you 'll find it just as cool as I do . Unfortunately , the editorial review above is not very useful -- it 's for the old version of Kid Pix.Kid Pix Deluxe 3 is a brand new product built on the same great philosophy
 After two years of use , my 8 - and 5-year-olds are still discovering new things in this program . It has held their interest more consistently than any of the other highly-rated programs we own . The range of patterns , colors , textures , images , backgrounds , transformation effects , sound effects , and even animations is stunning . While I agree that text tooltips would be nice , it should be a configurable option -LRB- by user -RRB- since they are distracting to non-readers moving the mouse around . I have not noticed either of my kids having problems grokking the interface -LRB- though more than one level of `` Undo '' would be nice - kids change their minds ! -RRB- . The README file with menu instructions is right there in the KidPix program group when you navigate to it from `` All Programs '' , and within the menu Help item is a complete PDF User Guide . Re Windows XP
 Please understand that this is the only version of Kid Pix that will run in Mac OS X well and on Intel iMacs . It is a Universal application . The other Broderbund versions of Kid Pix 3 and 4 both have issues . Do n't purchase those unless you want a seriously outdated version of Kid Pix that has to run with 256 colors and in low resolution . MacKiev Kid Pix Deluxe 3X is what you need if you have any recently Mac hardware .
 I 'M MIDDLE AGED WITH NO COMPUTOR EXPERIENCE WHAT SO EVER . I WAS ADVISED TO PICK UP KID PIX DELUXE 3 . THIS IS THE FIRST PROGRAM I EVER BOUGHT AND HAVE NOTHING TO COMPARE IT TO BUT , I THINK IT 'S ENTERTAINING , AND RELAXING . WHEN I TURNED MY TWO OLDER SISTERS ON TO IT , THEY FOUND IT FASINATING TOO . YOU DO N'T HAVE TO BE YOUNG TO ENJOY KID PIX DELUXE 3 . YOU JUST HAVE TO LIKE TO DOODLE , COLOR , AND DRAW . CREATE FANCY NOTES TO SEND THAT ARE MORE CUSTOMISED THEN ANYTHING ELSE I USE TO MAKE STATIONARY . SURE , I COULD COME UP WITH SOME DIFFERENT SUGGESTIONS FOR THE STAMPS , SUCH AS BODY PARTS AND A BODY IN DIFFERENT POSITIONS -LRB- EX . SITTING , WALKING , SIDE VEIW , FRONT VEIW , ETC. -RRB- FOR THOSE OF US WITH AN IMAGINATION BIGGER AND BETTER THEN OUR DRAWING ABILITY.AFTER READING THE REVEIWS I AM CURIOUS TO SEE HOW THE OTHER KID PIX DIFFERS FROM KID PIX DELUXE 3 . DO N'T LET PEOPLE THINK IT 'S JUST FOR KIDS , AND IF IT IS , WHERE IS THE ADULT VERSION OF THIS COOL PROGRAM ??
 I just bought Kid Pix Deluxe 3rd Edition . I bought it for my 3 year old son and he loves it . It is simple enough for him to use . We have only had it for 2 days now and he already knows how to change the brushes , colors , etc. . This product also keeps his attention . There are amazing sound effects to go with every action . My husband and I have fun with the more advanced features , paper texture , adding sounds and personal pictures , etc. . The best part of the product is the e-mail component . It let 's you send your creations to friends and family . This product is a great entertainment for the whole family , from the littlest to the oldest . I highly recommend it .
 Kids love this because you can draw your own picture , color it in , and type a story on it , or you can select a coloring-book page and color that . There is a wide variety of `` stamps '' to put in any picture , such as nature , holidays , fantasy , and animal pictures . The end result is always beautiful and professional . This is a very easy-to-use program and has almost endless possibilities for making pretty pictures . 7-10 year olds really enjoy Kid Pix and are so proud of the pictures they create .
 My 8 year old played with this at school and begged that we get it for her at home . She is very creative and loves it .
 I bought this game almost two years ago for my son -LRB- who is now five -RRB- . Today was the tenth time in the past few months , I have come down to see what he is doing with the game and found him doing something new and he 's been playing it pretty regularily since we got it . He was taking the pictures they give you and using a special window that enlarges them so you can change the colors . Everything from lines to pictures can be three different sizes , different colors , different mediums -LRB- chalk , paint , marker etc. -RRB- . One set of pictures is n't pictures but sounds . I could go on and on . My son could probably go on longer than that.The only reason I see for giving this software anything less than five stars is the disc is n't working . When I bought it all the reviews said five stars . That was the only way I bought it . And the best thing for me is that is downloads onto your computer and you do n't have to keep putting in the disc to play it like all the rest of my kids games . Which of course leads to scratches and ruining the game.But really if you can find a good copy , I ca n't recommend it enough . We have a lot of computer games and this one is the only one that my kids do n't get bored with .
 this is the art software they used in my son 's preschool & now having it at home gives him more time to be creative & show me all the neat stuff he can do with the program . it 's a fun art program , especially the animated stuff .
 I purchased this game for my 5 yr old . She uses the same program at school . It is a good way for young children to learn to point and click as well as be creative . This program has a lot of scenes and drag and drop features . You can also free hand color . she enjoys the program , and I like the fact she is learning to use the computer .
 I have been using Kidpix for seven years now , since I was in elementary school . This is an excellent graphics program with awesome patterns . You can have so much fun with the different stamps and backgrounds . It also has normal Paint functions , and it looks much like the same . The whimsical noises are a bonus , as the software would still be excellent without it .
 Of the entire suite I predominantly use Designer , the fonts , and the clip art . I found Designer much easier to use than Adobe Illustrator . I currently use both , but greatly prefer Designer . The fonts and clip art are great . I was very impressed by the Media Guide which has thumbnails of all the clip art which consists of some very good design work and the alphabets of the fonts . The Media Guide is very useful for browsing through the available clip art and fonts . The tutorials in the learning guide for Designer are great and they make it very easy to learn . I have used it for everything from redesigning new office layouts to database manual creation , to logo design . The 3D program is also pretty cool and easy to use . As with most 3D programs it takes a while to render the graphics and you can end up with some pretty big files if you are making 3D movies . For simple 3D projects it works faster though . I dont use Picture Publisher only because I have several years of experience with Photoshop and use that instead . I own Micrografx Graphics Suite 2 and purchased it for $ 60 and it has proved an amazing deal . Even at $ 200 I would highly recommend it as a great value no matter your skill level - the learning guide will get you going fast and there 's always great clip art if you want ready made graphics . In addition , you will save money on purchasing additional sofware books that you usually need because most `` comes with the software '' manuals are horrible instruction guides . Especially if you need a vector graphics program and do n't know how to use one yet , this will work well for you .
 This software was written for older Windows , like 3.1 , 95 , and will work on 98 . Installs on XP but sound for carols does n't work -LRB- needs `` vb40032.dll '' -RRB- which is n't in the CD and there are other small issues . No company contact works . If anyone figures it out , let me know . I loved the program!dl604@clearwire.netBaarb
 IT WAS ONE OF THE MOST AMAZING STORIES I HAVE EVER SEEN . I AM A HUGE FAN OF REBA 'S AND OF MOVIES BASED ON TRUE STORIES . I WOULD LOVED TO OWN A COPY OF THIS MOVIE FOR MYSELF TO SHOW MY CHILDREN WHEN THEY GET OLDER THAT MIRACLES CAN HAPPEN IF YOU JUST HANG IN THERE AND BELIEVE IN THE LORD .
 This is a great movie . I wanted to buy it so bad , but it is not available right now ! You have GOT to see it !
 Forever Love is a wonderully written movie . Their is even great chemistry between Reba and her on screen husband -LRB- Tim Matheson -RRB- and a very believable on screen best friendship between her and -LRB- Bess Armstrong -RRB- . You 'll laugh , You 'll cry , you 'll want to own this movie and watch it over and over . Great Job Reba !!
 A beautiful story providing suspense and tears . Left me wanting more and shy of a box of tissues .
 I have watched just about every movie that Reba has acted in and I must say they keep getting better . Anyone can act , but only a few do it from the heart and she is one of those few . The movie overall was great , this is a must see .
 This is the best movie I have ever seen Reba do . She really proved her acting skills in this movie . I have seen and heard a lot from Reba because she is my favorite singer of all time and I think She deserves an award for her great acting . This is a movie that everyone one should see because you will fall in love with it and watch it over and over again .
 The best movie me and my husband have ever watched it was so romantic . I only hope that my husband would be as understanding and wonderful a man if this kind of thing ever were to happen to us . Wonderful job REBA and TIM . Great acting and very believable .
 I have loved everything Reba McEntire has ever done . I 'll admit that she was the best actress in the beginning of her career but everything gets better with time . This movie , in my opinion , was one of her best and it touch my heart . I ca n't wait to see what she pulls out of her sleeve next !
 The movie and acting by reba was excellent . I commend her for an outstanding performance . This movie had meaning and really made you think .
 Miss Reba , Thanks for making a wonderful movie I can watch with my family . We loved it . Hope you make more like this one . The rest of the indurstry should take your lead in good movie making .
 I recently saw this movie on Lifetime , the cable television network for women . It is a very romantic , though highly improbable , film . Through illness , a young mother and wife -LRB- Reba McEntire -RRB- is in a coma for twenty years of her life . Her husband -LRB- Tim Matheson -RRB- remains devoted to her , bringing her home from the hospital , when the hospital said that there was nothing more that could be done for her . Her husband said that he married her for better or for worse and ensconced her in their home , providing her with constant care and attention.Meanwhile , the years pass by . Their beloved young daughter grows up , but Reba is always at the center of it all , as they talk to her , sing to her , and pattern her movements . Every care and consideration is given her , as she lays sleeping , seemingly insentient to her surroundings . Her best friend has looked after her daughter and husband , as if they were her own . When the best friend 's husband dies , the husband and the best friend comfort each other . Then , the amazing happens . Reba wakes up from her twenty year coma and fights to regain her life , her husband , her daughter , and her best friend.This is the story about their struggle as a couple and as a family to regain what has been dormant , but not lost . Reba McEntire gives a beautiful performance as the wife and mother struggling to reclaim her life and finding herself in a world she no longer recognizes and in a body that has aged twenty years since she last saw it . Ms. McEntire has an immensely likable persona and magnetic personality that shines through in this role.Tim Matheson gives a sensitive and moving performance , as the devoted husband who finds himself initially conflicted as he struggles between the love he has for his wife and the love he feels for her best friend . He ultimately makes the only choice that he could make , as he finds himself falling in love all over again with his wife . Believe me , all the women watching this film will half fall in love with him . All women should be so lucky to have a husband as caring and sensitive as this one seems to be.This is definitely a chick flick . The title song `` Forever Love '' is also beautifully sung by Ms. McEntire .
 It 's amazing how one woman could be such a great singer and an actress ! This movie will make you laugh , cry , and appreciate the time you have with your loved ones and friends . I remember watching it and thinking there is no way that I could ever cope with a sickness that took away 20 years of my life ... but Reba portrayed a lady that did it and got her life back on track ! If you have n't seen the movie , you should beg for it to be released . This movie if for the Reba fans and those who love tear jerker movies ! This movie may not be 3 hours long like Titantic , but the emotions and compassion will make you too fall in love with `` Forever Love . '' Great job Reba !
 I saw this movie on Lifetime , the cable television network for women . It is a very romantic , though highly improbable , film . Through illness , a young mother and wife -LRB- Reba McEntire -RRB- is in a coma for twenty years of her life . Her husband -LRB- Tim Matheson -RRB- remains devoted to her , bringing her home from the hospital , when the hospital said that there was nothing more that could be done for her . Her husband said that he married her for better or for worse and ensconced her in their home , providing her with constant care and attention.Meanwhile , the years pass by . Their beloved young daughter grows up , but Reba is always at the center of it all , as they talk to her , sing to her , and pattern her movements . Every care and consideration is given her , as she lays sleeping , seemingly insentient to her surroundings . Her best friend has looked after her daughter and husband , as if they were her own . When the best friend 's husband dies , the husband and the best friend comfort each other . Then , the amazing happens . Reba wakes up from her twenty year coma and fights to regain her life , her husband , her daughter , and her best friend.This is the story about their struggle as a couple and as a family to regain what has been dormant , but not lost . Reba McEntire gives a beautiful performance as the wife and mother struggling to reclaim her life and finding herself in a world she no longer recognizes and in a body that has aged twenty years since she last saw it . Ms. McEntire has an immensely likable persona and magnetic personality that shines through in this role.Tim Matheson gives a sensitive and moving performance , as the devoted husband who finds himself initially conflicted as he struggles between the love he has for his wife and the love he feels for her best friend . He ultimately makes the only choice that he could make , as he finds himself falling in love all over again with his wife . Believe me , all the women watching this film will half fall in love with him . All women should be so lucky to have a husband as caring and sensitive as this one seems to be.This is definitely a chick flick . The title song `` Forever Love '' is also beautifully sung by Ms. McEntire .
 I SEEN THIS MOVIE ON CBS WHEN IT AIRED ON TV . IF CBS WOULD PLAY IT AGAIN THAT WOULD BE GREAT . I WISH THEY WOULD REALEASE THIS ON VHS . I WOULD PURCHASE IT IN A MINUTE . A GREAT FILM ... . REBA FAN ... DP , FLORIDA
 Forever Love is the story of a newly married couple in the 70 's , played beautifully by Reba McEntire and Tim Matheson . A couple of years after having a baby , Reba 's character slips in to a coma and wakes up 20 years later to find out that everything she had once known has changed . Her daughter is about to get married and her best friend has fallen in love with her husband . It 's a great story about a love tested with the complications of the situation and is accompanied with beautiful songs by Ms. McEntire , including the title track , `` Forever Love '' , which I can not say enough about . It is a breathtaking song and really shows off Reba 's vocal talents . That song can be found , along with other great songs , on her new CD , `` If You See Him '' . This movie really showcases Reba 's acting ability like never before . She is AWESOME !!!!!!! I really recommend this movie to everyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 In the movie , Forever Love , Reba McEntire plays a really great role . When Reba McEntire goes into a coma and her husband takes her home to care for her is a very sad time in the movie . When she is in the coma for 15 + years and finally comes out she feels like she is the outsider looking into a life that she does not have.When she gets familiar with her family again and also sees what she forgets finds herself falling in love with her husband all over again.Yes , this film may be a chick flick but guys you can watch it to . Maybe you could learn a little more about life just like us woman.Go REBA !
 all of the hallmark movies are awesome , but this is by far my most favorite . i saw it last fall and i think about it all the time . i am just waiting to see it again . reba did an awesome job . i love it when i hear her `` forever love '' song on the radio ... all i can think about is the movie and i about cry all over again . i hope hallmark sees these reviews and sees how much we all loved it . please rerelease the movie . it 's the best i 've ever seen . a great love story and one that is worth being seen by everyone .
 This is a Great Movie . I have seen it twice and would LOVE to have a copy of my own but it is OOP . Please Re-release it soon . If you have n't seen it ... You NEED To .
 Forever Love was an excellent movie . Reba was fantastic . This should definitely be released to video . Her other movie - Is there Life out there was also awesome and I was able to score a copy of that on video , and it would completely enhance my collection to get Forever Love . If you want to cry and laugh and love all over again , see this movie .
 This movie is wonderful . I do n't know how many love stories could withstand a 20 year coma . I own this on video . I have also seen it many times on Lifetime . I was happy to read the info on the movie which has been corrected for the DVD , On the video 's jacket , they have the name of Lizzie 's husband wrong -LRB- Alex -RRB- I am not sure why . Glad to see this was corrected for the DVD .
 It is easy to watch this movie and think `` That could never happen . '' But if you like a great love story ... or if you 're just a BIG Reba fan , then this is a movie you must watch . It is a rare story about being devoted to the person that you vow to love and take care of until death ... something that is n't seen much now-a-day .
 I love this movie -LRB- and song -RRB- !!! This is one of my favorite movies in the world !! I dont have it on dvd , but I have seen it on LMN and I love it !!
 This is one of my favorite movies so far , to think that someone could close there eyes and open them up twenty years later is very scary . I just loved the way the husband never gave up on his wife and hopping that one day she would pull through , amazing it is one great movies for my library .
 Absolutely loved this film , but whyever ca n't we get it in the UK - along with a lot of other really great films .
 I am so excited to have this movie on dvd . It was such great quality and the movie is wonderful !
 Yes it is a wonderful movie and Reba is fabulous in it , but lets not forget her best friend Gail played to perfection by Bess Armstrong . Her performance alone is worth watching .
 It was a wonderful video and I have been looking for it ever since I saw it . If anyone has a copy and would be willing to make one I will compensate you for your trouble . I would love to see it again ! Please email me at
 Ok i really think this made for tv movie should be released it was the best i had ever seen and it made me cry so hard . This a true love story and it is also a real persons story made into a movie it is the greatest and reba mcentire did a wonderfull job . I just hope it will get put out on vhs soon .
 This movie was excellant . Reba is a great actress . This is a story that makes you cry , laugh and be extremely gratiful for what you have . It sends a great message . I think it should be released on vhs for others . It could be a great help to people . I LOVE IT ...
 It was an awesome movie.I really think that they should put it on VHS `` Please `` It was really a tear jerking movie but It 's my favorite . Rate it 5 ***** -LRB- stars -RRB- !
 reba is great in this movie plus all of her other movies when forever love was on cbs i taped it and i watched it over and over.i loved the movie and i cant wait untill it comes out to buy so i can add it to my other reba movies .
 Overcoming superstardom to become a respected actress apart from the vocal talents that made you a legent may be impossible . For anyone that is , except Reba McEntire . She became Lizzie Brooks to me . Her other movies were nothing like this . I forgot it was her up there and got really involved in the story . It has everything
 This is the one movie that I have to have . . Reba was great ! It 's one movie that I could watch over and over again . I ca n't wait until it comes out to buy . .
 I love this movie It , s wonderful Reba does a fantastic job in the movie
 Reba McEntire is a great actor , singer , wife , mother , and friend . She not only deserves full credit for this movie , but she deserves all the attention and drama this movie has . Tim Matheson is wonderful in here to , you can actually feel all their emotion and heartbreak that they share . The CBS showing of the movie was excellent to . Reba is phenominal . We love you Reba !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i would be the type of man she had for a husband when she went into a coma . dedicated , loving , everlasting love , and most of all this film re-dedicated me to the idea that marriage is n't hell and i could look forward to marriage someday and can be happily loving towards her forever , love ! please bring it out . i want to own this valuable reminder of the way married life can be . forever love is forever etched in my brain . do not let me be without . PLEASE !! i have waited years . how hard can this be ?
 Reba has established her self as a good actress.In this movie she shows that agen.Reba is a vary good singer and in her songs she is able to make you cry , laugh , sing , and go throught all diffront kind or mentions.And now she has learn the art of makeing you fell that way when she acts.So from where I stand I will just say way to go Reba you have done it agen .
 I think Reba is just as good an actress as she is a signer . Tim Matheson did a great job also . I thought it was like a real family and how they deal with problems . I loved the ending . She deserved her family back .
 WAY 2 GO REBA ... YOU 'VE DONE IT AGAIN ... WAS THERE ANY DOUBT ?? This movie is one of the best I 've seen , and the best of Reba 's I think . She does an AWESOME job as Lizzie Brooks , supported by Tim Matheson and Bess Armstrong , who are also wonderful in this movie . I reccommend this to anyone , Reba or country music fans especially , but also for everyone else !! I 'll `` Forever Love '' you Reba !!!! Keep On Walkin !!
 Tears filled my eyes so much in this movie . But I loved it ! It was also funny !
 I loved this movie and I have to say that it was one of her best . I have seen all of her movies and she is absolutely actress material . She has improved over all of her movies . I also ca n't wait until her new ones come out .
 Whoever that person from alabama waswho said this was just another typical Reba movie is wrong.She portrayed someone who is real and people shouldnt say things like that unless they know the facts.I think it was a good movie and one of her best I cant wait to see the new one airing this Thanksgiving on Cbs.FI anybody has a problem with Reba feel free to email me or do so if you wish anyway .
 Who could expect any less then the best from Reba !! What an incredible singer , actress , and author !! This was a touching movie ... it makes you laugh , it makes you cry ... it touches your soul . I could definitely watch this one over and over !! Way to go Reba ... you are proof that the best can get better !! I am looking forward to your next one with much anticipation !! Forever Love , Missy
 I Loved this movie greatly . My mom had called from out-of-town to tell me how she cried for days , and that I HAD to see it , I just finally did this weekend with my step-mom , and we cried too ... a beautiful movie !!! Awesome !!!!
 The movie was great ! It really shows what can happen if time just slips by , when you have a medical condition . I think the woman that Reba portrays , should be very proud of how the movie came out with Reba being able to speak for her . GREAT JOB REBA , AND ALL THE PEOPLE THAT MADE THIS MOVIE HAPPEN !
 I just got done watching this movie , and I have to say that it 's one of the best movies I 've seen in a very long time . I was skeptical at first , but by the end of the movie , I was thrilled my family rented it . The plot was fantastic , and the love story between Alex and Lizzie was magical . It was bittersweet and utterly romantic . This movie is timelessly brilliant !!
 Beautiful heartwarming movie of a devoted and loving husband played by the beautiful Tim Matheson . His wife Emma -LRB- Reba McIntyre -RRB- at a young age becomes comatose for 20 years . Against doctor 's advice , her husband takes her home to care for her , working very hard to pay her medical care . After 15 years his neighbor played by Bess Armstrong , her husband dies and these two become romantically involved . Emma awakens from her Coma , well just watch the rest , I do n't want to give the ending away . It is an incredible movie and I recommend it to everyone . Maybe a certain attorney should have watched this before making his ruling .
 I 've seen this movie once when it came out on tv . And i 've been searching for it in blockbuster everywhere , or somewhere where i could buy it . I finally found it , and i 've been watching it all the time , it is definately a must see movie ! ... I , myself , am not a fan of chick flicks , but this movie is AWESOME ! ... It also helps that Reba McEntire is in it : - ...
 I was blown away with this movie it takes a situation that none of us could deal with and showed us how . I cried and laughed through out this movie . It makes you revaluate everything that is important to a person . Reba McEntire is n't just the best country music singer but actress too . This is her best movie yet . The music in it is just wonderful and will make you cry . This movie is great to watch with the one you love . My fiance even loved it . I do n't know of many romantic movies a guy will say he loves . This movie made me think about what all I have and gave me a different perspective on life . I am sure that anyone that can see it will agree . I think you should beg and plead to get this movie because I 'd be the first to buy at least one copy . I hope that they make it available soon ! I will keep checking to see if it ever becomes available . If you love this movie another good one to check out is Pure Country with George Straight that is another good one too . Thank you for letting me share about this movie . It may be a happy and yet sad movie but it is the best I 've seen yet . I own the cd with the music now all I need is the movie . Take my word for it ... . It is the BEST MOVIE ! I love it and I hope you do too .
 I THOUGHT IT WAS ONE OF THE MOST COMPELLING AND HEART FELT MOVIE I HAD SEEN IN A WHILE . I MISSED SOME OF THE BEGINNING BECAUSE I WAS WATCHING IT FROM A HOSPITAL ROOM WHILE KEEPING WATCH OVER MY FATHER . MY FATHER PASSED AWAY LAST SEPT. . AND I STILL REMEMBER US WATCHING THAT MOVIE TOGETHER HE REALLY LOVED WATCHING AND LISTENING REBA . I WOULD LIKE TO OBTAIN A COPY OF THE MOVIE TO WATCH WHEN I AM FEELING THE LOSS OF MY FATHER .
 This is one of the best movies I have ever seen , Reba McEntire is Great
 A delightfully entertaining romantic comedy about a mother and wife who was in a coma for 18 years then awakens to find that her daughter is grown , her parents have died , and her best friend as fallen in love with her husband .
 It 's a really cool but sad movie . I almost cried . It 's really sad when she and her daughter are at the park . But it was so coolwhen she woke up . I just love it !! I really think you got to see it .
 This is Reba 's best movie in my opinion ! Reva is excellent in this movie ! I recomend it for the whole family ! Karen
 i would be the type of man she had for a husband when she went into a coma . dedicated , loving , everlasting love , and most of all this film re-dedicated me to the idea that marriage is n't hell and i could look forward to marriage someday and can be happily loving towards her forever , love ! please bring it out . i want to own this valuable reminder of the way married life can be . forever love is forever etched in my brain . do not let me be without . PLEASE !! i have waited years . how hard can this be ?
 I do n't know how she does it . Reba makes you feel like you are in the movie . I saw it when it was on CBS and I loved it . On ever break I would call my friend and we would talk about what just happened . I was smart enough to tape it when it on CBS , but I would love to have another copy so I can lend it to people .
 This is one of the best movies I 've seen in a long time . Reba did a wonderful job portraying the woman in the movie . I recommend it to anyone that wants to see a good movie . I ca n't wait till the price goes down and I will definitely get a copy .
 Hey whomever gave this movie 1 star . This was n't a fictional movie that Reba had created . It was n't meant to be sad . Had YOU watched the entire movie , you would have seen the movie ended on a very uplifting happy note . This movie was BASED on a REAL story , although the REAL story ended much sadder than the movie . The REAL woman can not really talk , but Reba changed parts of the movie to make the ending happier . And , Reba had the permission of the REAL woman 's family to do this story . Get off your soapbox ! Reba 's awesome , you know it , and you 're just jealous you can not be like she is !
 I really enjoyed watching Reba in Forever Love . She did an outstanding job . I ca n't begin to imagine waking up one day and knowing 20 years had passed me by . Reba is indeed a very talented individual . I only wish the video could be purchased at a lower price . It 's the kind of movie you can watch over and over again .
 I 've seen a lot of touching movies , but this one takes the cake . Reba portrayed this woman in such a way that I do n't think I would have been able to handle , especially not being able to see her daughter grow up . I definitely give this movie a thumbs up and hope it comes out on video soon for purchasing at a lower cost than $ 60.00 .
 Forever Love is a wonderful movie ! I could n't imagine anyone else playing the role as good as Reba . It shows the reality of life and the sorrow a family can go through when they think their going to lose one they love . I found it sad and funny , but it left me with a happy feeling !
 I LOVED THE MOVIE ... Reba did an EXCELLENT job and the plot was wonderful . I would recommend this movie to anyone , but do wish that it was n't $ 70 . When the price drops I will definitely get a copy of it . I have a great respect for Reba and hope she continues doing what she has done to this point .
 Reba did an excellent job portraying this woman . I forgot it was her acting ... I thought it was just another person , her parent 's even did n't realize it was her ! That takes a lot of talent !! She is beautiful , her voice is beautiful and she can act !! I think that is one wonderful angel ! Forever Love , Reba !
 Reba did an excellent job in this movie . I 'm not a Reba fan and would recommend this movie in a minute -LRB- and have -RRB- .
 This was , by far , the best Reba video ever . She really captured my emotions in lots of different parts . Not only is she a teriffic singer , she 's an awesome actress ! This movie proves it . Her own parents got so involved in the movie they said they forgot it was their daughter starring in it ! That 's quality acting ...
 reba is great in this movie plus all of her other movies when forever love was on cbs i taped it and i watched it over and over.i loved the movie and i cant wait untill it comes out to buy so i can add it to my other reba movies .
 Reba McEntire has been an idle to many young people . Including me . She played a Marvelous role of Lizzy . I thought that character was perfect . I do n't think anyone else could have done it any better . Having to go through the tradegy of loosing 20 years of your life and not being able to see you child must have been devestating . She did a marvelous job and so did Tim Matheson , and everyone else . I recomend this movie to anyone who loves Reba McEntire
 If you want a good , heart warming film to watch with the whole family , Forever Love is the one to see . Reba puts her heart into her acting and it comes out on the screen . This is a must see . If you love her music you will love her movies .
 I watched this movie last fall and thought that it was absolutely wonderful . The music was a special touch too as it fit the movie so perfectly . I would watch it again and again , because it gives you a chance to cry and laugh , and at the end experience a happy ending . Reba shows her true quality as an actress by showing all of the emotion that would go along with a situation like this . I think that she has done an incredible job ... what 'll ya think she will do next ?
 well , i love this movie because it has reba in it and i LOVE her.This movie is sad but very romantic.I really like this movie because , i dont know , i cant excpress it . -LRB- :
 I was really looking forward to seeing forever love . I Taught that Reba play the part very well . I cried in alot of the parts though . To see a man stand beside his wife throgh her illness made me think about me and my husband when I was in a car accident and he stood by me throgh everything.I went through alot of pain and I had to have rods put in my back . He never left my side . So I can look at this movie with alots of love and knew what he was feeling the whole time . The only thing that bothered me was where he got envolve with her best friend . But after seeing where he still stould by her after she came out of the coma and he told heer friend that he love his wife made a big differance in how the movie ended . Over all I give it a super rateing . I love True Stories more then any other movies . I really do want to get this one to added it to my video collection . I just wish they would release it . I 've try seaveral times to buy it at blockbusters . I have all of her videos and all her cd 's , the only thing I do n't is Forever Love . But I will someday . Please Release This Movie !!!!
 Love the song from this movie . Love Reba , and love the story . Would recommend to all who love a good love story .
 Forever Love is a heart warming and gut wrenching story of Lizzie -LRB- mcentire -RRB- who is in a coma for 20 years . The story begins as Lizzie begins to wake up from the coma to find that her daughter is grown and that her best friend and her husband are very , very close . She has to learn about microwaves , and other newfound gadgets . Reba does an excellent job of portraying Lizzie in this movie . She makes this so believeable and does a fine job of acting in this . I understand this was based on a true story . It is an incredible journey and a must see . Be prepared to have some kleenex around though . Reba is very good in this film and the song Forever Love is beautiful .
 I thought this was a great movie and just ordered it the it . I saw it years ago on TV and just read some of the reviews . I had heard there was a real life woman who was in a coma for twenty years after she was in a car accident . The case I read about the woman in the coma was interesting .
 This is a great family movie . Shows the power of love , loyalty , and faith . Reba does a phenomenal job .
 The plot was great , and inspiring . Good job for the actors . I like it .
 I had a copy of this back in the 90 's and lost it . I have been looking off and on for years , finally it turned up . Only problem is , it is not designed for XP and took quite a bit of research to get it to run . This is definitely the best source of information for young and old . It makes learning interesting and has lots of useful tools to interest young children . I use it to show how the solar system works and we can predict where stars will be at a future date and where to look for them .
 very nice , is old for my pc . But it works great on my old one , my kids love it . Thanks .
 This program came to me through a external hard drive that I purchased . Years ago I used a version of this program successfully and this newest version has been no problem . It seems that some other users have had problems but I install the bundled version on my computer and within 15 minutes the program began to backup my system . I found it very easy to use .
 I feel the need to up the average of this software because it deserves more than one star . I was puzzled by the other reviewer 's one star rant . I visited ... and noticed that many magazines and websites have given this program very high reviews . My favorite mag , Mac Addict , gave it 4/5 stars and an editor 's choice recommendation .
 I use retrospect express 5.x to back up a firewire , desktop 60 GB Western Digital attached to a G4 Apple . RE 5.X can not be more simple to install and use . I have set it to do auto backups once a week . Peace of mind is mine forever . Get yours soon !
 I use the printfix and the SpyderPro everyday . They work just fine for me , Maybe the other review just Does not understandhow to operate what he is using ... Respectfully Ken
 It is a wonderful software , but i 've seen better .
 I have used some other labeler products , they are ok . But Surething labeler has everything that you will need to make very very good professional designs . Some time you will need to buy some extra software to feel confortable with the final product . With this one you will be ready for the first time .
 I have had this game for several years and enjoy playing it . It is configurable to use many conventions of Standard American bidding , including Jacoby transfers , limit major raises , weak jump overcall , weak 2 bids , forcing 1 NT over 1 Heart or 1 Spade , Unusual NT and Negative doubles.When the partner and opponents are set to the highest level it gives a competitive game.It can be set up for duplicate play and regular or tutorial modes . The help area gives a good explanation of each of the conventions . Hands can be replayed to improve outcomes .
 I 've been using this product to protect text and Word files for some time now , and it 's as simple as can be . You can put your files on your hard disk or on a memory key and know they are safe . I suggest you pick a favorite poem or song and use three or four words from it as your password phrase , it 's easy to type , hard to guess , and most importantly , easy for you to remember . You can even write down the first few letters or first word to jog your memory without compromising it . Otherwise , you would be amazed how easy it is to forget a password after only a few weeks of non-use .
 Once up and running it is very simple to use . Be mindful , that if MS Word or your computer goes down in the middle of an encrypted file read/update that the . tmp -LRB- temporary -RRB- file which is in clear language may still be out on your system , as it would be using any encryption software . Be sure to delete , or even better erase -LRB- using eraser -RRB- , . tmp MS Word files if that happens -LRB- files beginning with a ~ and ending with . tmp for the most part -RRB- . Customer service is very responsive as is the seller ` Great Minds ' . If using Windows XP , you can create an encrypted CD backup by simply right clicking on the file and using the ` send to ' option . You can create bkups on any system it is designed to run on . Only change I would like to see is if the software actually said the file was encrypted , like Windows XP tells you in the ` Details ' panel when using ` My Computer ' after you click on the file . I have only had this for a few days so it may show it somewhere I have not discovered yet . The software does everything it says it will do including hiding the files and only displaying them when you key in a 1 to 100 character password .
 I decided to buy the software after searching information on the web about similar products . I bought this software and did n't download the demo , so I can tell it 's a great software . Simple to use , do n't use much memory and you can maintain your files secure in your own computer or in an external HD , as I am.It 's really a great software , exactly what I was looking for .
 I am an IT pro with a government agency . I support over 200 users . This software is useful to them all and they all love it 100 % . It is stable , does not cause any compatibility issues and just works well . It 's format , function and lesson planning is ideal for most entry level and intermediate users . I highly suggest this to anyone in the above classes .
 This is an excellent way to learn on your own how to use Microsoft Office products ! I used an older version of professor teaches excel at my work place which influenced this purchase . I would highly recommend this product to anyone interested in learning on their own !
 Very good for new users . You do n't have to stand by them to help . They can work by themselves .
 Great product , learn at your own speed , great for computer dummies like me , Best of All is the price compared to other similar programs .
 Do it . Do it now . This software is so easy my own mother is now working proficiently at Windows 7 AND the interweb !
 I really like the teaching cd . It is easy to follow along and understand . It has lots of information on it to help you become more computer literate .
 I am not sure what problem the other reviewer was having but the search feature works just fine . Gives detailed info and history of entries .
 Goes great with Cook 'n Chinese & Cook 'n & Grill ` n , easy to use , easy to add your own recipes . Tech help is available and was very efficient .
 I enjoy learning new cooking styles . This recipe software make it easy to search out different recipes and also to say favorites .
 Grandkids love this game been using it for 4 years . They like the fireworks and ease of using it on an older computer .
 Retailer shipped this order very quickly ! It was better than I had expected .
 I was so tired of all the spam that I receive -- and this has reduced the amount of spam that I have to delete from my email before I get to the stuff I care about . I have n't tried other products , but this one seems to stop most of the stuff that I used to have to put in my trash before I even got to the email I wanted to read . Definitely worth the $ to me . It was easy to install and is getting better the more I use it . I 'd recommend it to anyone trying to get rid of so much spam .
 This product rocks ! It is super , super easy to use !! I would recommend this product to anyone and everyone that has an email account !
 Moving into a new PC can be a daunting task . For my third move into a new PC , I was looking for software that would make it easier and avoid a bazillion CD copy/transfers . Alohabob looked like the ticket.The keywords for a successful move with Alohabob are patience , care , and attention to detail . On my first move I chose `` just move everything . '' Poor choice . Some software was only partially installed which resulted in a System32 dll error and not being able to use it and not being able to uninstall it . The result was a destructive rebuild of the new PC ... reloading Windows and all . I also installed almost all my personal software.On the second attempt , I selected `` expert '' level with trepidation . It is very time consuming and tiring - but allows the mover complete control over what is moved . That is where the patience and attention to detail comes in . Bob builds a move list and presents it to you . You then must deselect what you do n't want him to move . The deselects are done one at a time and it takes Bob about 15 seconds per deselect to redo his move list . He does not move to software you have already installed on the new PC . My move at expert level was successful with only two exceptions . The exceptions were probably when my attention flagged - and were fixable.Bob gets a good grade . I , perchance , would have been perfect on a third try . Moving to a new PC is the pits - no matter how you do it - but I just was n't up to a third try . I was tired so I just fixed my errors and am a happy PC-er on this magnificent new machine .
 This product is very useful to any institution as it saves a lot of disk space . PDF documents are very small in size compared to Word Docs . - Raju
 This is an impressive product . I use my Handspring Visor Prism for just about everything -LRB- Microsoft Money , Euchre , Scrabble , Chess , Conversions and many other things besides the standard functions -RRB- . I had tried some other `` word processing '' apps for the Palm and been disappointed . With this product , I am impressed . It is very easy to use , looks very appealing , synchronizes seamlessly , imports from Word/Excel easily , and so on . Just one well-done product .
 This Game is cool with a capital C ! Sulley looks a bit blocky , but who cares ! After beating a stage , players get to give Randall Boggs a serious case of Road Rash and Envy . Tons of secret areas , like a treehouse/treeslide -LRB- Above a house in a area where Randall throws barrels . -RRB- in CITY PARK , and a Pagoda -LRB- Do n't know . -RRB- and Sumo Statue Chamber -LRB- Via the sewers . -RRB- in the MARKETPLACE . Three more things ,1 . Find `` Nerves '' and scare them to earn Bronze and Gold Medals .2 . Collect Monster tokens to earn Silver Medals .3 . After you get the Silver Medal in a world , A secret Red `` Nerve '' will appear somewhere .
 I 'm 16 and have probably played this game since i were 10 . Obviously much less , but I still have n't grown sick of it . I 've probably completed the game 4-5 times . I even got my 40-year-old father to finish it . Great game for children 8 and up . Good graphics and tons of secret areas .
 I think this game was great . Great features , options , gaming abilities , spectacular levels , and good graphics make this game a fun one to play ! Although it may not be what you would expect it to be if you have played the game , it 's still fun . If you liked Disney 's Hercules -LRB- game -RRB- and X-men mutant academy , you might like this . It 's a lot like Hercules and sort of reminds me of the x-men game due to it 's special features and the things you have to do in the levels . Anyway I think this game is good and it 's also for Harry Potter -LRB- game -RRB- lovers although the HP game was n't really what I expected it to be !
 Awesome game , unfortunately only worth about a day 's worth of game play . And that 's with several breaks , and finding all collectibles . Graphics are much worse than I remembered , but it makes it cuter and does n't effect gameplay . Also , THIS GAME WILL NOT RUN ON WINDOWS VISTA OR WINDOWS 7 . It is not computer specific , rather it WILL NOT run on these systems under normal circumstances . It is possible with the use of emulators , but these are difficult to navigate and use for computer novices . My recommendation , drag out the old ME or XP hanging around in the garage and crank it up .
 This game is fun ! It is also really easy . - too easy .
 Itwas ok , but it did n't portray the movie as well as it couldhave
 TurboCAD Pro is the best value in CAD software . It will do anything I ask of it - including photo realistic 3D images . It 's easier for me to use than AutoCAD , is compatible with AutoCAD files , and is less than one tenth the price of AutoCAD . They also good support at their website
 This software was immediately of more use to me after I got it than other CAD software I have had access to . Having 30000 hours of CAD experience on various systems , I find this is one of the best and most immediately instinctive suites to use . It particularly suits anyone with an inquisitive mind . The features match very well with software costing ten times as much , and not until you get into elevated price ranges where the monthly license fee is the same as the total cost of TurboCad do you get a clear difference in capability - and even then TurboCad can challenge . This is the most value for your money that you can hope to find . The company is not in receivership , although they have had troubles recently -LRB- which does n't alter the quality of the product ! -RRB-
 I 've been using TurboCAD 6.5 at home and for school projects for a couple years . This does everything AutoCAD does for one tenth the price . It 's as easy or easier to use as AutoCAD , and will open AutoCAD drawings . The one time I contacted IMSI they were very helpful and prompt . This is the only CAD program I would recommend unless you want to spend over three thousand dollars . -LRB- TurboCAD Version 8.0 was released in December 2001 -RRB-
 Just wanted you to know that I think I have the original Turbocad version . It is not compatible to windows , but it is great although limited . If the upgrades are any example of the quality of the one I use now , I will be very happy . I now have Auto Sketch and Bob Vila 's home design loaded on my computer , and they all have some flaws , but I have been with turbocad for so long that I think I will stay with it and upgrade to the latest revision , so I can access it directly thru windows . I not only use it for home design , but also equipment design and other functions .
 I 'm an amateur videographer and this software is perfect for me . I outgrew Ulead 's VideoStudio program after a few months , but MSP 6.5 offers all the precise control and , more importantly , multitrack editing that more complex projects require . I run MSP 6.5 DC smoothly on a Dell Dimension 4100 Pentium III 866 w/384MB RAM and 16MB ATI Rage 128 Pro video board . I also have a second hard drive just for video footage ; if you want your video editor to run smoothly , you need a dedicated drive to handle preview files.LIKES
 I just got this for my bother and he loves it ! I 've been an avid user of Ulead MediaStudio Pro for some time now . It has served me extremely well and I often show it to others . But any software at the price is not an impulse purchase for most people , so some of my friends who would like to get into this stuff have not yet . Director 's Cut is a great move ! I highly recommend it for anyone who wants a professional video editor but does n't want to make the financial commitment at first .
 This product is easy to get around in . There are some cases where I would have liked a bit of explanation , but MOST of the games are easy to figure out . It is a total Emerson style software . The only English is in SOME of the help menus . The Spanish spoken is Spain Spanish , where some of the words like `` diez '' -LRB- ten -RRB- , is pronounced as `` dee-ath '' . I was personally looking for Mexican -LRB- Central American -RRB- Spanish . But this was MOST helpful . You learn the alphabet , the numbers -LRB- using basic math problems -RRB- , how to tell time , clothes , colors , certain objects , animals , and body parts . The problem I found with this , was If you get good at some of the stuff , you 'd like a way to test yourself . If they had a higher level where they showed a bunch of animals , and you click on them , and it shows the name and speaks it , that would be more helpful . Here it has a room , and all the animals are hidden . You have to remember where they are hid to click on them . After a while the animations get too long . I know it 's meant for kids , but It could use about 20 % more material . It only has about 10 food Items , and never teaches house-hold objects . This is a good starter software , if you intend to get around in a language . It gives a taste of 10 languages .
 I found this to be a delightful software program . Very computer and user friendly as I ran it on three different systems and never had a glich . Put the disk in and it runs . No system alterations , no installation , just clean and simple . My children enjoy the animation and games and given the time they have put into playing the software , I feel this ranks as one of the `` best values '' for the money of most of the software programs we have gone through . This is definitely oriented towards children and is very basic but gives the children a chance to explore 10 different languages -LRB- on 3 CDs -RRB- .
 This software delivers exactly what it promises . Ease of use -LRB- there is no `` installation '' required -RRB- and very consistent design among the 10 languages offered makes it easy to navigate . We have a 2YO , and I originally intended to use this myself for now , and introduce it to my child when he is older -LRB- the packaging recommends ages 6 and up -RRB- . But he finds the animations captivating now , and he is already interested in letters , numbers , animals , colors , and using the computer . So while I wo n't pretend he 's a whiz-bang user , I do feel confident that this is software your child can grow with and not become easily bored . The accompanying booklet offers proficiency standards you can use to help direct your child in learning the language , so you could take the approach of getting basic familiarity with letters/pictograms , or numbers , etc. . Or you could direct your child through the languages one at a time . And the games are fun to play ... they 're not mindless and boring , and you can raise the difficulty level on activities -LRB- each game has 3 levels -RRB- . I feel that even if you only ever used one or two of the language modules , you would get your money 's worth , especially considering the additional paper exercises that are included -LRB- you need Adobe Acrobat to download these , and you can print them up as often as you like -RRB- . And it 's not all just fill-in-the-blank type stuff . You can make flashcards and simple puzzles from some of the sheets . I do wish that maybe Russian or Greek or Arabic was available in the package , but good grief ! There are TEN languages in this package ! It 's a great learning opportunity at a good value .
 I have a great deal of experience with teaching foreign languages to children . By the time my daughter was 18 months old , she spoke and understood 10 foreign languages . I just received 10-in-1 , two days ago.This product is outstanding . My five-year-old daughter who has been exposed to these languages before , loves the games , such as dominoes,tic-tac-toe , memory , vocabulary puzzle-building and more . I am thrilled with the product and would recommend it to anyone , child or adult to work on vocabulary , comprehension and pronunciation . It is truly an immersion program , which is best , but it has a help button if you suddenly have trouble understanig something . if you want to encourage foreign languages for you kids , buy this product .
 I got it for only a couple of languages but my daughter -LRB- at 4 & 5 & 6 years old -RRB- loves to play with many of them . She will spend aquite a bit of time with it . Hard to tell if she 's learning but exposure is good for young ears - and it is not `` Mom , I do n't want to '' . Of course I have never tried to put her on a regular schedule with it either .
 Our son -LRB- special needs , age 12 -RRB- loves this program and has picked up other languages through it . I just wished you had more of the same !
 I got Kidspeak when I was much younger and still have it to this day . It 's a step to beginner and very easy to understand . I find myself taking it out and studying for a french exam with it . Kidspeak introduces you to 10 languages and 10 fun characters . It includs popular Spanish to the rare Hebrew . If all your for is to know how to say hello in Italian than Kidspeak is defientely for you . I love the characters that interact with the gamer throughout the learning experience . They pronounce and sound the words and pharses wonderfully . I 've gone through every language on these cds and can say proudly that I know how to count to ten in all 10 languages . To get an idea what exactly you will receive in Kidspeak here you go
 I 've been a long-time user of MediaStudio Pro . Once again they have surpassed everyone -LRB- including Premiere -RRB- with very cool , advanced features . Instant Playback and DVD authoring are well worth the upgrade . Highly recommended ! You still get the other modules that put it over the top in value - VideoPaint and CG Infinity . Enjoy !
 This movie editing software is unbelievable.I used to have Dazzle and Movieshaker but those programs were horrible because the music came out bad and thier wase n't much to do.With MediaSTUDIO Pro 6.5 you can do alot.The Video Paint allows you to creat stunning special effects , and with the CG Infinity you can create Hollywood like titles.I love this program , there is so much you can do with it.The sound quality is awsome.It takes a litte to figure out how to use it , but in an hour you get the hang of it.If you are considering getting a Video Editing program I highly recommend this one .
 I 've been a long-time user of MediaStudio Pro . Once again they have surpassed everyone -LRB- including Premiere -RRB- with very cool , advanced features . Instant Playback and DVD authoring are well worth the upgrade . Highly recommended ! You still get the other modules that put it over the top in value - VideoPaint and CG Infinity . Enjoy !
 This program is absolutely marvellous . It has lots of transitions and great moving paths . It can also do blue screen effects with not just blue screens but any colour . CG infinity is a fantastic program as well . I recommend buying it .
 I owned copies of Masterclips since it began with only 50,000 clips . Clipart featured are good quality artwork yet economically priced . Very good value for money compared to near rivals - corel gallery or clickart . I have found the range illustrated on a comprehensive colour catalogue very convenient and easily referred to , unlike some who only provide a black & white paper catalogue . The thumbnail reference is just as good if a wee bit tedious . I am waiting for 2 million cliparts to come with a further improved thumbnail browser based on subject categorization besides 1,000,000 on colour print . A wishlist - Is it possible to get rest of clipart on cd ? I do not mind having another 28 cds for the next 500,000 clips . Less tedium than downloading from website the rest .
 Although many people seem to have trouble with this I had already been using the site before and wanted to keep up with it so this was the cheapest way to go . I also had trouble using the number that was supposed to be the sign-on but I just got in touch with IMSI and they had me on and running in no time . It 's a very helpful site .
 This one is worth it the cost . Please buy it .
 I use this product with my ESL students . They respond to it well and like to choose among the many different activities to learn many essential English words and pharses . They can use this software to learn numbers , the alphabet , body parts and much more , as they play interesting games that hold the attention of high school students as well as elementary students . I highly reccomand this software to anyone who wants to have fun while learning English .
 Gives kids an easy and FUN introduction to English as a foreign language . Torough immersion
 This product was a life-saver in helping me create a business plan to get a loan from my bank . In just two days I used the templates and guidance provided by Toolkit to put together a plan I 'm very proud of . If you need planning software for your Macintosh , I would recommend this product in a heartbeat .
 This collection of text and templates was really helpful in pulling together my business plan . There were sample plans and the templates did all the math for me . I just entered my projected sales revenes and expences ... the software did the rest . This saved me time and it is a good value .
 Have n't had the opportunity to fully exercise this program , but from my limited use , it seems it is adaptable to my needs . So far , I 'm satisfied .
 I love this product . I have the Printmaster Gold on my desktop , but needed something for my laptop and lost the installation disk . I decided to upgrade to a newer version and picked the Printmaster 16 platinum . I just love , love , love it ! I have made photo buttons , gift bag cards , posters , a brochure , birthday cards , Father 's Day cards , and some Thank You notes since receiving the product . I loved my Printmaster Gold program , but this new version is that much better . My friends love the items I 've been able to make and have begged me to make things for them as well . I 've also been able to create advertising pages for a local printer and email the files over to go straight to print and the books have come out awesome . This is just an incredible product to have on my laptop . I use Windows Vista . I was n't sure if it would work well , but it 's great !
 In spite of the fine features of this product , these are things I would like to see corrected : Among the awesome number of images are some reproductions of botanical prints and fine paintings such as seascapes and still-lifes . The images can not be blown up enough for quarter-fold-card fronts without loosing sharpness.The thumbnail sketch in the `` My Projects '' screen can have a different name than the image file , which might happen when you rename the thumbnail . And when you delete any thumbnail , you do not delete its file.The `` My Projects '' screen seems a bit glitchy -- it set up two sections for quarter-fold cards and two for posters , interspersed them , and left long blank spaces when I tried to reorganize the screen . I would like to be able to edit this screen.When saving projects , I can not find a way to change the default path to put them in a folder of my preference.Conclusion
 This is great desktop publishing software . I 've been a PrintMaster user since the late '90s and this is just one of those rare programs that actually gets better as the versions progress . The install was quick , easy and did not upset my computer or other programs . You wo n't be disapointed .
 I found the Printmaster Platinum 16 to be relatively user friendly , even for those who have n't tried using similar products before . But I also found it frustrating to frequently change the CD while attempting to create a card because the particular image needed was stored on a different one . I have changed the CD up to 3 times just for one card . I 've used other printing programs where all the images were stored on the same CD , which was much more convenient . I 'm not sure if 4 CD 's are used because there is such a large volume of images available . I did enjoy having many more graphic images to select from than I 'd had in the past .
 I am so glad that I decided to buy the print master 16 it has made a huge difference in the look and feel of my product . I now feel more professional with my work . The item showed up in the proper amount of time and was exactly what they said it would be .
 Very happy with my purchase ! Buy with confidence . Program in mint condition and worked great ! Thank You !
 Installed on my hard drive easy enough . Have n't really seen a big difference from my older Printmaster but still really like the program . I use it quite often !
 Wow , the product arrived so fast & was new & in the original packaging . Thanks for your integrity . DC
 This program is great for totally `` immersing '' kids in the language . Lots of games are included . The graphics are a bit odd , but the kids enjoy it !
 I 'm pretty new to computers and when I was given CU-SeeMe Pro for a present , I was a little nervous that it would be hard to use , but it 's great ! it 's been easy to use and quite fun actually ! It 's very cool how you can see people you are talking to rather than just typing words . and there are some existing rooms you can go to meet poeple . I really like it !
 This program is AMAZING !! A huge collection of sounds , nice interface , and easy to use!Music making is easy with this !! Also , unlike some other programs , you can convert your songs to MP3 's !!
 I downloaded a trial of this product about 30 days ago and the trial is about to expire . In those thirty days I went from knowing nothing about video editing to producing full projects and the ensuing DVD . This product is so easy to understand - with minimal amount of learning . I have tried several others , but none come close if you are not an experienced video editor . I guess the last thing I need to figure out is which formats work best , although I have transferred several analog vidoes and created voice dubbed DVD 's using the DVD/Mpeg formats . I am very pleased with the end result . The price of this item makes it all very worthwhile . Dowmload the trial and use it for a month -LRB- go to the Ulead website -RRB- . Since I am on my last day of the trial , I plan to purchase this item from Amazon , since they now have it even cheaper than the trial version -LRB- $ 79.99 vs $ 99.99 -RRB- . I worked with files that were so huge -LRB- 1/2 GB to 1 GB -RRB- , I was sure that they would crash the program - but no . I have not experienced any techincal problems whatsoever during the 30 day trial . I am very pleased with an umpire instuctional video that this program has allowed me to produce - with the end result being a very professional looking DVD . I have also transferred all of my old VHS family tapes and VHS-C camcorder tapes into digital format , thanks , in part , to this program.Added
 ULEAD 's Video Studio 9 has a lot to offer considering the under - $ 100 retail price , although there are a couple of annoying aspects to using it , and there is one glaring omission in it 's feature set.To start off this review , I downloaded and installed the trial versions of several video editors , so as to have a base of comparison . In addition to ULEAD VS9 , I tried Roxio 's and Pinnacle 's video editors , Cyberlink Power Director , and Video Edit Magic - these are all in the same retail price category as VS9 , between $ 49 and $ 100 . I also tried a GPL freeware editor , ZweiStein Video Compositor from `` T@B Software '' . My computer came with two other packages , Windows Movie Maker -LRB- this comes with Windows XP -RRB- and Cyberlink Power Producer , and I already had some familiarity with those products.What I was primarily looking for was a Video production package with more user-customizable features than Windows Movie Maker offers , especially Titles and Transitions ; also more stability and reliability - I could not get WMM to compile and render a movie project longer than about 35 minutes without crashing or hanging -LRB- these hang-ups always required a full cold reboot to recover from -RRB- . Power Producer is n't really a video editor , it 's only function is to take finished videos , add a menu structure , and burn them to VCD or DVD.As for the other trialware packages I downloaded :1 . Cyberlink Power Director refused to load and run , and I was not able to figure out why . My computer more than met the system requirement , so perhaps the archive got corrupted during the download ? Anyway , I gave up on it after a couple of hours of non-success .2 . Roxio and Pinnacle . These are very similar , and might even be the same core program with different splash screens grafted on . They are VERY limited in what they can do , especially for the $ 89 price tag . Windows Movie Maker is a more robust video editor and it 's free to download as long as you have Win XP . They also have a `` fixed '' application window size of 1024 x 768 , a real annoyance on my system which usually runs at 1600 x 1200.2 . Video Edit Magic . Somewhat better features than Roxio/Pinnacle , but still not as much there as WMM .3 . ZweiStein . Unusual , non-intuitive user interface , very different from most other video editors . It was also pretty limited in capabilities , and again WMM has more features .4 . Windows Movie Maker . Looks like it could be a decent video editor if MicroSoft can get the bugs out of it in a future build . It 's one serious shortcoming in features is that it 's text title capabilities are all `` pre-fabricated '' . You can only overlay text titles in positions pre-determined by the program , and only one block of text can exist within a title . You can at least change the font and color of a text block , but without the ability to position the text exactly where you want it , it 's very frustrating if you have experience with top-end software like Adobe Premiere.Okay , now on to ULEAD VS9 . First the good news : FEATURES
 This review will help potential buyers of Ulead 's Video Studio -LRB- Hence forth referred to as VS -RRB- understand this product and make sense of the contradicting comments on this review board.I have used several video editors over the last 10 years and though they all have their own pros and cons , VS is by far a better product , but it is not perfect.What must be first understood about the whole subject of Digital Video Rendering , is that it is the most complex and strenuous thing that you will ever do on your computer . No matter what kind of computer you own , editing and rendering video will push it to it 's limits . PC 's by their very nature are multi-task oriented machines . What this means is that they are designed to do several different types of work , like web browsing , typing , gaming , etc. . In layman 's terms , PC 's are jacks-of-all-trades and masters of none . Most people have dozens of programs running in the background aside from the standard windows processes , all doing different task , like anti-virus , spyware protection , msn messenger , apple quicktime , AIM , AOL , so on and so forth . All these programs are using different resources on your PC and occasionally require the processors attention . Unless you have a new dual core system , you only have one processor and no matter how fast it is , it can only do one thing at a time . To make it clearer to understand , imagine you are taking and end of semester collage calculus exam , and you have 20 kids screaming at you wanting your attention . Now you understand what your processor feels like!The first thing you need to do before running VS or any other video editor or sequencer is dedicate your computer to nothing else but that . You can do this clicking on the start menu and clicking on run . In the Run dialog box type msconfig . The system configuration editor will come up from which you will choose `` Selective Startup '' . Clear all the boxes except for the `` Load System Services '' box . Click OK and restart your computer . You just got rid of the 20 screaming kids . Those virtual screaming kids are what caused 98 % of all the complaints found in this review board . The next thing you need to do is defragment your hard drive . You need to do this on a regular basis anyway , but it great to do it just before you do anything with video . If you have a large hard drive -LRB- which you should if your going to do serious video editing -RRB- defragmenting could take several hours in which you should leave your computer alone ; so start it the night before and let it run all night.Good morning ! Now your are ready to do video editing.First off , VS is not a video editor in the truest since of the word `` Editor '' , because it can not enhance your video -LRB- brighten , sharpen , add color tone , cut out a region of a frame etc. -RRB- What VS is , is a sequencer which allows you to add video clips , images , graphics and sound together in your desired sequence . VS , is great at what it does . As far as sequencers go , VS gives you 10 times more control over your final product then any other product I have tried . All that control makes it a lot harder to understand then a program the uses a bunch of presets to do the job for you . Most people that have reviewed this product , have reviewed it as a whole , but that is not fair . I will review the individual aspects of the product for you to have a better idea of the program.One last thing I want to talk about before I issue my final review scores , is rendering . There were a lot of reviews that complained about how long rendering took . I also noticed that the same reviewers stated that the final video was of excellent quality . There was one reviewer that had tried some other programs that rendered much fast , but the final product was fuzzy and distorted . The simple truth about video rendering is that the longer it takes to render , the better the quality of video . Rendering time is also drastically effected by the build your overall system -LRB- CPU , RAM , Graphics Card etc. -RRB- and whether or not you have 20 virtual screaming kids in the background.Now for my final review . Scored 1 to 10 -LRB- 10 being the highest -RRB- 1 . INTERFACE , Score 6
 I have used several video editing products and find VideoStudio version 9.0 one of the easiest to use and with excellent output . It does an great job reading numerous video formats which other video editors have choked on -LRB- like the AVI files generated by my Canon PowerShot S230 camera -RRB- . It is not without some faults -LRB- what do you want for sub $ 100 -RRB- . Here are a few observations that may save you some headache . First of all , there are some strict restrictions on upgrade and competitive rebates - so beware -LRB- e.g. no bundled versions -RRB- . When creating a DVD note that transitions between photos in slideshows will cause a subtle yet annoying pop in the image and the very start and end of each transistion . Digitize your video as the DV type 2 format -LRB- not type 1 -RRB- if you would like edit the video in Adobe Premiere -LRB- at least this was true for my ver 6.0 -RRB- . After creating a menu system for a DVD , close out of the process and save the project file . The menu information will be saved with the project . This will prevent the loss of all of your menu info for this project in case the DVD authoring process bombs . I have found their DVD buring to be about 75 % reliable . A safer pathway is to create a video directory -LRB- see the check boxes at the buring stage -RRB- and burn the project with software like Nero . This has been flawless . Lastly , take the time to tinker with the pan-and-zoom tools for photographs , as well as the automatic music track creation tools . It 's worth the time .
 I have used Pixela numerous times , never to my satisfaction , and have examined 4 other video editing programs -LRB- free trials -RRB- over the past two weeks . Video Studio 9.0 is easy to use , and has many useful functions , especially viewing by scene . The latter makes editing a breeze . Files may be saved to many different formats . This is an outstanding program .
 Like the other posters , I 've been doing trials of 4 or 5 other editing packages , and UVS 9 strikes the best balance between having plenty of features and being easy to use . There are definitely more powerful programs out there for only slightly more money , but they 're not nearly as simple or straighforward . UVS 9 has plenty of video effects/filters , transitions , support for animations , and an excellent slideshow tool.I 've had no problems whatsoever with capturing video , in fact some types of capture that were not possible with other programs are not a problem with this one -LRB- like doing analog passthrough of a video source -- like an old VCR -- using your digital camera -RRB- .
 I have been using all sorts of programs to make presentations , slideshows , etc. , and this is by far the best . I love it . Read the manual and learn how indepth it really is . Excellent , Excellent buy . It was recommended to me by the people who do promotional video for Harley Davidson and more .
 I changed to this product from Pinnacle Studio 9 . It has some nice features that Studio did not and is more user friendly . I miss a few of Studio 's features , but I do not miss the frustration of Studio 9 . VideoStudio is rock solid reliable . It has a few minor bugs , but nothing like the painfully unreliable Pinnacle Studio 9 . Overall , I 'm much happier with this product .
 I downloaded trial versions for about five different editing programs . I found that this one was the easiest to use . Using a firewire port it is easy to attach my camcorder to download the video from a miniDV and then editing is simple . It allows you to stop and start editing to cut out parts you want from a clip , other programs only allowed you to trim the beginning and end not the middle . I have burned about 5 DVD 's , they look great and I was able to add titles , a menu with music very easily . Highly recommend !
 when rendening with the UIS file formats , when you set up the frame type to be `` Frame base '' extraction is renders good frames . if you dont edit video frame by frame its also a good buy but its well worth it value just by frame editing . post rendering the source video isnt destroyed.it also comes with lot of other intersting video effects . it runs stable on the computer , but video programs are usually unstable when you tell them to do huge task . this programs stable enough for me to out put 12,000 frames -LRB- extracted -RRB- with out it crashing on my 2ghz 512 comp . just mean i have to go to sleep and wake up with the job done . when a video program is working hard dont click on everything and pound on the keyboard.no batch rendering but i have vegas 6 for that ^_^
 Compatibility is always an issue and some reviewers have had problems with crashes , but this software runs well with no problems and no crashes on my computer , which is a Windows XP 2GHz PC with 1GB of RAM . The software was very easy to learn to use and I was cutting , pasting , rendering and burning videos within a few minutes of trying it out . If you 'd like to try it out before purchase , there 's a free fully functional demo available for download from ULead at their website , ulead dot com.I do have a few criticisms . One is that there is no handy way to mask overscan if you are making digital videos from your old camcorder tapes or VHS copies of material made on a VCR . The only way I could find to do this was to create an overlay with a black border and transparent interior . However , this did bad things to the picture quality of my finished product ; the picture seemed to oscillate slightly on my finished DVD , which was most annoying . The other problem is that having an overlay over an entire 90-minute video increased render time from about 80 minutes to an unbearable length of more than 6.5 hours ! Render time is the time it takes the software to convert a project file into a finished DVD format -LRB- e.g. , MPEG 2 -RRB- . If anyone knows of software that could be used to crop or mask overscan before editing and rendering in ULead , I 'd love to hear about it.Second , there is virtually no tech support to speak of from ULead . Writing to them through the contact information on their website yields either a very slow response or no response at all.Finally , my only other complaint is that render time can be a bit slow even with few or no special effects added to a fairly conventional video , but this is apparently an issue throughtout the video editing world . Defragmenting my hard drive really helped with this ; my render time dropped from more than 3.5 hours to 75 minutes for a 90-minute video with no special effects or overlay tracks . Rendering requires several gigabytes of hard drive space to cache files while working . If you do n't have at least 6 or 7 GB of free and contiguous space for this task , rendering will take forever!Except for those few issues , VideoStudio is a terrific product . It has lots of easy editing features , tons of built-in special effects that can be added to videos for the budding video artist , versatile rendering features for how you wish to save your finished product , and a great chapter and menu utility for making your own DVDs . VideoStudio does n't do everything that a more high-powered professional editing package can do , but it is considerably cheaper than those packages . For the money , there is enough here to keep you busy turning out slick-looking home video for quite a while .
 As a novice video editor , I 've only played with Windows Movie Maker , Pinnacle and now ULEAD . I am extremely pleased with VideoStudio 9.0 . I might have given it a five but there are a couple things I ran into , although admittedly , they may be due to my lack of expertise . Overall , I utilized the tips on the VideoStudio forum , and I was able to start rolling right away with no major glitches . Very intuitive and powerful . I 'd recommend it to a friend , and have .
 Tons of features , easy to use , free video tutorials to learn how at -LSB- ... -RSB- . The only disadvantages are that it can be slow at times and the media files are not stored in the project files .
 I am happy with this product and it was easy for me to get it up and running without having to read the manual . I use several other video editors , and this one is the easiest to use .
 I did quite a bit of research and even purchased a few different software programs in an attempt to organize the thousands of recipes I have . I found that while a lot of them allowed you to add your own recipes the number was limited or you could n't do it at all . I then decided that I would stop spending the money and download some trial versions.When I came across Home Cookin I was THRILLED with the trial version alone and immediately ordered the CD ! There are a few recipes included but for the most part it is a blank canvas . You can create different categories , add pictures , allows for adjustment of servings without changing the ingredients but if that is what you are looking for , well that option is there as well.While I did order this through Amazon , I also had to speak with customer service and I have to say this company has the best I have come across in some time ! Quick response and went out of their way to find a solution to the issue I had!IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A RECIPE DATABASE SOFTWARE ... LOOK NO FURTHER !
 A great way to organize recipes . The recipes that are included in the database are wonderful . The one feature that I enjoy about the database is the fact that I can add my own recipes and set up a cookbook with only my recipes .
 I love this program and Have used it quite a bit already . The receipes are good and very easy to do
 This software was just what I was looking for . I wanted to be able to enter my own recipes in a simple format . A lot of programs wo n't let you put in a range , such as 1/2 - 1 cup , but this one will . The only time that doing this could cause a problem , would be if you were to resize the recipe for a different number of servings . It is not able to resize the whole range . The program came with a lot of preloaded recipes . The search feature is good . I put my name in parentheses after each recipe I entered , so if I wanted to find one of them quickly , or wanted to be able to print several , I could enter my name in the search field and it would pull up just the ones I had entered . This program is very user friendly .
 I love the Home Cookin program . Easy to use . The only negative thing is the `` spell check '' . It has too many choices to find the correct spelling in it.Easier to just look yourself and correct it . Other that that , I love it .
 This program is great you will love it . I refer to the recipes all the time . There is so much information to review and refer back to . Try it you 'll love it .
 Tried several different programs over the years for my personal recipes , and this one is by far the best . The program loaded from the disk and ran with no problems on Win7 64-bit laptop . After installation , the program loads instantly when I pull it up to use . The ` Save ' function is rapid and the computer has not ` frozen ' on any of the functions I have used.The best thing about this program is the open format . The open format approach makes it easy to add recipes and enter quantities without having to use predetermined options . This also makes recipe entry much faster . The open format also enables you to enter ingredients and directions in the format which is preferred by the user so the recipes are easy to follow when cooking or printing . There are pre-programmed entries on the right click in ` Edit ' mode for entering standard recipe jargon like Tablespoon , Cup , Dash , etc. . There is also an ` Add Text ' mode for entering reference material in a format determined by the user . I have added a ` text ' chapter to identify source information for the purchase of difficult to locate spices and ingredients that are not found locally or have to be purchased online.The search / find function operates very quickly , especially if the recipe title was entered to include appropriate keywords . There are several options for searching the recipes -LSB- search can be by Title , Ingredients or Directions -RSB- . The screen and print fonts can easily be changed to accommodate those of us who have a font preference . The program automatically saves the change . When viewing the sample screens at the Home Cookin website , the print does not appear as bold as it is when the program is installed ; I was concerned about the legibility of the printing , however the recipes are very easy to read and view when cooking or editing.If your goal is to have a recipe program that makes it easy to enter , store and access your favorite recipes , this is definitely an excellent program to use .
 I was looking for a fairly simple program to organize my own recipes . I was tired of searching through my recipe box , torn out recipes from newspapers and recipes that friends have shared over the years . I 'm a 61 year old retired secretary and did n't want too much difficulty . Home Cookin filled the bill and has worked perfectly for my needs .
 Have n't used the software very much , but is easy to load and use so far . I hope to utilize it a lot in the future .
 This is a software for you to put in your own recipes . Exactly what I was looking for . Left side is for ingredients and the right side is your instructions for the recipe . You create your own index , chapters , as many as you want and you can even put a photo with the recipe . Very user friendly . Everything is right there . Click this , type in what you want . Click that , type in what you want . You can copy and paste a recipe and photo from any website and paste it in your cookbook . I have NO patience for computers and this was extremely easy to do . Customer Service , via email is the best . Every question I asked was answered promptly.I can not say enough about the service that goes with this software . I am having so much fun putting in my recipes through this software . You got ta get this software !
 After many years of collecting recipes and particularly wanting to preserve special ones from past family members , I experimented with several trial versions of recipe software . I was not particularly pleased with any considering the high price . How fortunate to have found Home Cooking though I first I thought it might not be suitable considering the reasonable price ! How wrong I was . This software is GREAT and I 've recommended it to others wanting to preserve their own recipes . It is EASY to use , easy to upload PHOTOS , easy to CATEGORIZE , easy to CUSTOMIZE with my own chapter titles . I even include Household Tips & Homemade Remedies , Beauty Secrets , Cleaning tips and other such information I want to find quickly when needed . I really do like this software and want to print my own cookbook to share with family & friends one year for Christmas . It is also easy to save to flash drive when visiting others for whom I may want to cook or share . You will not regret the purchase !
 This software is very easy to use and I like the fact that I can sort my own recipes . I find the only thing it is missing so far is shortcuts for more fractions .
 Years ago I had a DOS Shareware Program called `` Edna 's Cookbook '' with 1300 personally typed in recipes . With the new computer operating systems over the years I was unable to access old Family recipes . Thanks to Home Cookin and Anthony Watkins at Mountain Software I can now enjoy the ease of use that my old program had and the best of what Home Cookin has to offer . Home Cookin has so many usefull features that to name them all here would take up a lot of space and would not do it justice . I have used other recipe programs and never found one that allows you to customize your recipe data base as well as Home Cookin . As for Anthony Watkins Support and Home Cookin I would say this program is a `` HOMERUN '' , and Mountain Software Support is in a class all it 's own . My advise , `` BUY IT NOW '' , you will never regret it .
 Home Cookin ' is the best software I 've ever used . It does its job in a remarkably user-friendly manner , has tremendous flexibility in formatting , and is fast-fast-fast ! Highly recommended .
 I was a computer virgin and one of my first task was to find a software program to put all of our family recipes on . After researching many and trying out sample ones I tried Home Cookin and immediately new it was for me . I could n't stand some of the other ones that you had to place something in a little box . I 'm an excellent typist and typing was much quicker for me and less irritating than lining up a box . I love to put my PC on the counter and make the font bigger to see and cook away . Whenever one of my adult children want to make something and they ca n't remember what the ingredients are at the grocery store , they simply have me e-mail the recipe to their phone so they can pick up the ingredients before they get home from work . Had a friend who was staying in Florida for the winter and wanted my taco dip recipe that she forgot up north , so I simply sent it to her and it was a hit . The format is really easy and very simple to use . I can make up my own categories and edit anything whenever I want to along with my own little notes to myself . You are not limited to someone who has probably never cooked before and use their limited outline . Believe me if I could figure this program out , any one can .
 Have been using this recipe software for years - I chose it after much research and several downloaded trial versions of various other programs and have been very satisfied with it . It is very easy to use -LRB- and especially to import recipes from the internet -RRB- - just copy and the software lets you specify title and yield , ingredients and directions - and import a photo . I have found that most -LRB- or all recipes found in my magazines are also online - so not more cutting out recipes - just go get them and put into the Home Cooking program -LRB- including the picture -RRB- in minutes . The recipes can be printed , and it even allows you to make a cookbook -LRB- have n't done that yet -RRB- You can search within the program based on titles , ingredients , etcThe best thing about the software , though , is Anthony Watkins , who answers every email quickly -LRB- even small questions about how to do things -RRB- If there is a `` work around '' what you want to do - he will tell you how to do it and if there is not , -LRB- a printing feature I liked in an earlier version is no longer there -RRB- :--LRB- he will explain why -LRB- had to give up that feature to include a newer feature as they could not work together -RRB- . I have never seen better support for any software.I cant imagine any better recipe software than Home Cookin ' !!
 I 've been using this program for 8 months now and the longer I use it , the more I like it ! I now have all of my recipes organized -LRB- complete with pictures -RRB- and the grocery database customized to meet our family 's needs . I particularly like the import feature which makes it very easy to bring over a recipe from a website , a friends email , Word program , etc. . The meal plan and grocery features both work well and I find them to be a real time saver for me . While looking at a recipe , if there is something that needs to be purchased , one simply clicks on it and it 's added to the grocery list . Does n't get much easier . On the grocery list itself , you have the option to not only price your items -LRB- helps with budgeting -RRB- but to designate what department the item is in so all items in that department print out together . You can also designate a store name . I find this feature helpful as there are certain items that we only get at Sam 's Club and I can print a separate list for those.The program comes with some pre-loaded recipes and grocery items so you can immediately start exploring all the features . I see that as a positive . Besides which , you are not `` stuck '' with them as any or all can easily be deleted at any time.As with anything , there is an initial learning curve but I found that the majority of my questions and `` problems '' were easily resolved by reading the `` help '' section.Bottom line for me is that it 's a great program , particularly for the price . Probably the best aspect of this program is the ability to fine tune it to meet individual preferences .
 I have been using this software for years , and it is by far the best one I found . It is so easy to enter my recipes and print them out when needed . I 'm a very messy cook , and have ruined many a cookbook from splashes and messes . It 's so much easier to find a recipe , print it out , then voila ! I can either save the paper , or if it gets messy , just throw it away . I 've also used this software to preserve my Grandmother 's recipes . I am just finishing up a two year project of typing in all the recipes they 've collected over the years and plan on printing out cookbooks for my sisters and cousins . What a wonderful keepsake that will be !! I would enthusiastically endorse this product and encourage everyone to try it .
 Sound Studio 3 is a great item for editing sound tracks.It works as expected , and I highly recommend it.I especially like the fact that it works with Stitch -LRB- an accessory plug-in which is FREE -RRB- to combine many sound tracks into one track.Highly recommended !
 I 'm primarily interested in converting vinyl to digital and recording and editing FM audio , though lately I 've begun to record live music . The colorful , gaudy , comparably-priced Toast/Spin Doctor program may be slightly handier for converting vinyl LPs , but its wave patterns are unreadable and its editing functions too imprecise to be practical for editing a large file . Sound Studio requires a bit more study than Spin Doctor , at least for the uninitiated , but the wave patterns are readable , offering the user more than the merely decorative squiggly lines of the Roxio product . Moreover , it has a reliable and easy-to-set timer for automatic recording , a very useful feature that 's missing in Spin Doctor . Finally , it comes packaged with a handy little hard-copy manual -- perhaps the reason Roxio 's Toast is once again including printed instructions.As for the recent , heavily promoted Wiretap Studio , it 's definitely the program of choice for recording audio files off the internet -LRB- I mostly use it to record files from NPR Jazz -RRB- . And it enables you to preview about a dozen different compression ratios in real time , a unique feature . Moreover , you can record in any compression ratio rather than convert after the fact , which helps insure against exceeding storage capacity while recording . Still I feel more comfortable recording and editing non-internet sound with Sound Studio . The latter offers a bigger display , more accessible wave patterns , better level indicators , more protection against distortion , and makes the saving of a single part of a large unedited file a simple , straightforward operation.Later
 I have used a number of different `` low end '' '' audio editors and found Sound Studio FAR superior on my Mac . It works smoothly without crashes , which plagued most of the other programs I tried -LRB- incl . Audacity -RRB- . I do mainly voice editing for lectures with some music background mixed it . It is very easy to enlarge and edit out unwanted sound bytes or noises . Only thing it either does n't have , or I have n't figured out yet , is how to filter the entire recording for crackles and pops . For the price , Sound Edit is way above the rest-even the freeware .
 I like this software because it is a nice and easy editing program . It operates mainly in two tracks , so if you 're looking for someing a la ProTools , keep looking . I use this program mainly to check audio files that students submit for grading - its quick and easy to pop in their disk , open the file and check levels , etc. . Its also nice for quick editing of small files . I 'm not too keen on the price but when I remember what Cool Edit 2000 cost when it first came out , its no big deal.I like that it works with all Apple formats as well as . wav and . mp3 . You do n't have to worry about compatability problems . Documentation and support are easy to read and understand.All told , this is not the solution for multi-track work on the Mac . ProTools is still the top dog . But for basic editing , listening , and sharing files , it ca n't be beat . Its a nice low-cost solution .
 I 'm a performing musician , and i make an effort to record every show with my TASCAM digital recorder . Sometimes I can hook into the board , other times , I try to find a `` sweet spot '' to hide it and use the built-in mics . I hit record and make one long file for each set , often over 1GB per set.I have found it easy to navigate , just follow the waveforms and find the approximate break between songs . Add markers where one ends , and if there is awkward silence , or nonessential conversation between songs , add another marker when next song begins . Continue until end of file , save then split by markers . By naming each marker -LRB- with something I know will be essential or non-essential -RRB- , I can go to the folder where the split files were saved , delete non-essential , then use any burning software to create discs that I CAN navigate with any home or car CD player.Also , since it shows waveforms , there were occasional songs that the quiet passages -LRB- and with the folks I play with , we can bring it down so low you could almost whisper over top of it -RRB- were almost inaudible . I could mark the beginning and end of those passages and amplify them enough to be appreciable , but not so much that the dynamics/emotion created by these level differences was lost.Sound Studio is a really good basic program -- simple enough that `` novices '' can use it -LRB- and learn the principles of recording and mixing ... I am an example of that ! -RRB- , but with enough features that someone more knowledgeable than a `` casual '' user can do some really great stuff with it . Again , it may be no ProTools , Logic , or whatever , but it definitely delivers on carrying out its INTENDED purpose .
 If you have a mac and want to edit sound of all kinds you will love this package . Sound Studio is agood name for the product . It does just about anything you could want . I even removed `` pop '' from old 78 rpm recordswithout the removal being noticeable .
 I am using Sound Studio 3 to transfer old cassette tapes and LP 's to my iMac computer running OS 10.6.3 . It installs with ease and once you get familiar with the techniques , it is simple to import the tapes and LP 's to itunes on my Mac . There is a printed manual which is unusual in the day and age . A few things were not clear in the manual so I contacted tech support by phone with my questions . Amazing , a human answered the call within a few rings ! Tech support by email is slow , so I will prefer to use the phone . I recommend this software if you want to create a library of music in iTunes .
 This is a great software for audio editing . It is easy to use and the results are excellent . I highly recommend it .
 Works the way it was described to work . Was using Audacity -LRB- very buggy and had to re-install 3x ... P.I.T.A -RRB- before and this is much easier to use . Definitely a good Sound recorder/editor
 Very good item , already we used it and it 's of great quality to make music , it has all that the great programs has , thanks so much .
 This software only works on OSX platforms tiger and leopard , I believe , but that 's ok since my husband is using it on his old macbook . Was delighted the product was so cheap ! Used to be a lot more expensive but like I said , it does n't run on the latest OSX platforms . Does exactly what he needs it to , and he 's a happy camper .
 I have been using this operating system since the very first first version came out in the late ' 80 's and each version is better . Makes you forget what the Ctrl-Alt-Del key sequence means . I had this operating system installed on a PC and ran it continuously over 9 months without a reboot . A power failure was the only reason I rebooted then . Warp is bigger and better than ever now . I can still run all my old DOS and Windoze3 .1 programs plus all the neat os/2 applications . Windoze 95 programs are so crummy that I do n't even want to run them . Most Warp applications are shareware or freeware so you are not always paying a upgrade fee like you do with Windoze junk . Star Office Suite which is 100 times better than Microsoft Office 2000 costs you exactly zero dollars and zero cents . Not a bad price . Be a leader - now a robot and try a operating system than is made to work for you - not one that tells you how to work ! Things like JAVA toolkit , 3270 emulation,Peer-toPeer networking , file sharing are all built in and not separate products like in Windoze . Also you get a whole CD of sample applications to boot .
 This is the real alternative to Windoze bloat ware . If you want a stable operating system with excellent ongoing support from IBM -LRB- regular supply of fixpaks -RRB- and a wide range of boxware and shareware applications , this is the way to go . Glad to learn that you are supplying it .
 What do you need of a Operating System ? anything you mention is on this software or can be accomplished by it . OS/2 is a great set of tools that can be expandible with suites like star office or Lotus Smart Suite , and you can use OS features like voice recognition and other things that not even Windows XP has on it .
 Version 4 is still more stable and reliable than the previous version . Easy install with a nice GUI , this fine OS is Internet-ready and of course , LAN-ready . It talks with MACS , Unixes , Netware and Windows without a problem . If you need Windows 3.x emulation , there is a specific environment for this application , without GPF errors of course . IBM makes periodic releases of collections of fixes -LRB- a.k.a Fixpacks -RRB- through Internet for free .
 Sick of Microsoft 's Blue Screen Of Death ? Get Warped ! Internet apps , Voice Navigation , and Warp is MUCH easier to use than that * other * OS . I would NEVER consider using ANY Microsoft OS again after using OS/2 !
 A stable , smooth running OS . I currently have it installed on an all - SCSI computer I built . The big problem is hardware driver availability . If you want the convenience of a near - monopoly software maker , you might want to look elsewhere . But if you want a better OS , it 's probably worth searching for the right parts . And I DO stress SEARCH . Make sure that all of your parts -LRB- sound card , video card , modem , etc -RRB- have OS/2 drivers available . Once that 's done , you 'll be in for some pretty crash - resistant computer sessions . You WILL like this OS once you use it .
 Packs into one box all you need to know about math.The topics are well presented , concise , complete . A workbook is included in the package . Exercises -LRB- over 3,000 in all -RRB- and puzzle games are incorporated in the tutorials and an achievement history allows the user to monitor his progress.The graph lab illustrates math concepts very well and the instant video help feature shows live-action video clips .
 I ca n't say enough about this program , but my 2 kids love it . I highly recommend other customers to buy this . I also had some problems installing it , and their technical support is great . I also purchased Math Advantage 2000 , which is a little more advanced then others .
 Hello everyone ... I 've had a lot of fun with this game , too , since I first played it in 2000 , it 's one of my favorite games for kids . It works fine in Windows 9x , XP and I assume , Windows ME and 2000 Professional . However , when I installed the game on my copy of Windows Vista Home Premium x64 , the game -LRB- the main . exe `` sputm90r '' file -RRB- will not run , even using Windows XP and 95/98 compatibility modes . :--LRB- This was confirmed in an exchange of e-mails from Trymedia Games technical support.I do n't know if it will work in 32 bit Vista , it 's possible . I would have to find a system with Vista 32 bit to test this on.May God Bless you !
 I originally bought this for my now 10 year old when he was around Kindergarten age . He loved it and eagerly learned computer controls and problem solving why completing this game . We are now buying it for his 4 year old brother who played a free demo upon his brothers recommendation and loved it . I thought this was simpler than `` You are what you eat from your head to your feet '' and `` Thunder and Lightning are n't so frightening '' . We have enjoyed the whole series . The Putt Putt series -LRB- ex . Putt Putt saves the Zoo -RRB- is a good series as well .
 I originally bought this for my now 16 y/o when he was about 5 y/o . In fact , he LOVED it and owned every game in the series . It helped to increase his computer and problem solving skills and provided hours of fun for us both . I loved that it combined adventure with a learning opportunity.So , last year I purchased a new copy for our 3 y/o granddaughter , but she could not understand the concepts nor did she have the computer skills necessary to move through the game . I had to play the game while she just sat on my lap and told me where to move Sam around . Not much fun for either of us . So , I 've put it up to wait until she 's older .
 I played this game when I was younger ; it is good clean fun ... with a hint of sarcasm I never picked up before but which gave it a new spin I could even enjoy as an adult . Fun for the whole family ; even the parents as you go with Sam and he gets over his fear of Darkness !
 This was the last of the 3 PJ Sam games that our daughter played . She was 8 when she played this one and went through it pretty easily and it was fun for her . Not quite as good as the other two -LRB- `` Thunder and Lightning '' and `` You are What You Eat '' -RRB- . Like the Freddi games from Humongous , it has small variations each time it 's played , which keeps it more interesting in additional runs .
 My kids -LRB- ages 7 and 9 -RRB- love Pajama Sam ! This is our third in the series . It 's great for problem solving and thinking about maps in their head . Several of the senarios change so it is a little different each time they play . Very fun characters and all E rated . They giggle and laugh . I recommend this game for primary grade kids !
 It was great ! There was fast delivery , the game was even better than I thought it would be . I really liked the way the purchase worked out .
 My elementary age kids love this game . The graphics are good and the original voices are an awesome way to relive the movie . I would n't recommend this game for any kids teenager and over , but the again I would n't suspect teenagers would be into spongebob anyway .
 This product is the best software for girls . This organizes telephones , adresses events . The best thing about this is that it saves your diary enteries with a password and in a secert code . So even if someone does know the password they cant read it . The down part about this prouduct is that if the software gets deleted all your files are erased because it doesn ; t save your files on your computer wich is why I took away a star and wich is why they ask u to print all your files just in case .
 Contrary to what many may say , this really is n't a bad product . I 've used it for years and have found it quick , reliable and easy-to-use . Our company used CVS -LRB- mostly because it 's free and it has the basic necessities -RRB- but the database was corrupted and the check-in/check-out process was n't as intuitive . In 7 years , I 've never had a VSS database fail me.I agree that VSS has n't had any major innovations in a VERY long time ... Some reports would be greatly appreciated as well as the ability to see exactly what the differences are between two MS Word docs or Excel spreadsheets -LRB- they 're Microsoft products too for goodness sake ! -RRB- but overall it 's a decent tool .
 I first encountered Mavis while going to college to learn the computer . Many people in the class did n't know how to type yet . I did but it had been quite a few years and I needed to work on my speed and accuracy . This was an excellent program . Easy to understand for everyone even beginners . My typing speed increased so much I broke 100 wpm . I ca n't say enough about this program except that I would encourage everyone to try it out especially for brush up courses if you are testing for that special job .
 I got this CD years ago when it was the current version . Now it 's dirt cheap . But it made learning to type very , very easy . I think I did it over about a ten-day period , practicing twice a day with it . That 's all it took , and although I 'm not the fastest typist , I 'm fast enough.The only caveat I 'd give is that this version does not have the number pad . That came a couple versions later . I think the number pad is important , but if you only work by laptop , chances are your keyboard does n't include one . That 's the only thing I 'd think was necessary to change . One more thing I 'd add . After my roughly ten days of practice , I did n't want to hear the music or voice from this CD ever again . Great learning and bam , you 're done with it . I thought I 'd probably have to use it again just to get faster , but remembering the sounds , I did n't want to use it again .
 In my opinion , this software is great , especially for a backpacker who just wants to use a GPS as a `` toy '' . There are 15 major national parks with 4 map views and more than adequate zoom capabilities . In addition , it is possible to create your own routes -LRB- by drawing them with your mouse -RRB- , obtain elevation gains/losses , and automatically create and upload up to 30 waypoints per route to your GPS . There is a search engine to find various points of interest -LRB- mines , cemetaries , overlooks , etc -RRB- off the beaten path that will give you an exact waypoint to go exploring with a GPS unit . For the average person who likes the seclusion of the backcountry of national parks , who for the most part stays on the trails and assigned backcountry campsites , and who wants to use a GPS , this program is perfect .
 TrailSmart/Topo offers the best Maps on CD that I 've seen , at least for people like me - hard core hiker , map nerd and computer geek . The viewer allows seamless display of USGS 7-1/2 minute quads as you pan across , up and down exploring the cyber world . You can draw your trips on the maps , add text labels and symbols ; and print them out on your color printer . You can also download tiny . tpo files from the topo website where people like me share their favorite trips with you.Each area covered comes with maps at 4 or 5 levels of zoom - so you can make good driving and overview maps - and still get all the detail you need . The closest version is usually 1:24,000 -LRB- regular USGS 7-1/2 minute -RRB- and contains most of the information found on the quads . -LRB- Some areas of coverage do not go down to 1:24,000 and are not useful for hiking -RRB- . I use the Zion , Arches and Grand Teton Sections , and have not used the others . It really helps to have a color printer to print the maps out .
 Excellent Maps on CD for Zion National Park . Also includes Arches , Grand Canyon , Grand Teton , Denali , Yosemite , etc. . If you have a color printer , with a little effort and computer saavy you can print out trip specific maps real slick . Easy to use.If you are looking at an inexpensive way to jump into the marvelous world of maps on CD , this is one of the best ways to jump in . Buy that 11x17 color inkjet printer , and you 'll never buy an actual topo again .
 This software really lived up to my expectaions . Functional , elegant , and easy-to-use . Great maps combined with great software . I highly recomend it . The best topo software out there
 This is a great software for my digital camera . If I take a not so great pic I can go to the photo enhancer and enhance it to a better pic . I have never used any other photo software so I have nothing to compare it to but I think it is great .
 I have owned MGI Photosuite Family Ed for many years and I have tried many other photo programs . This is the 1 that I always return too do to its all I really need and so easy to use . The only other program reccomended is Microsoft Picture It and the only time I use it is to make circles , or soft highlights around my pictures . The Microsoft program is a huge file and takes a long time to install as the Photosuite does not take a long time . I use both of these products along with the program American Greetings Create a Card 3 and I have a great setup for my pictures . Have n't been able to find anything to beat these products . I used these programs along with the Photo Story program from Microsoft that works with Windows xp and a program called Sonic DVD to make some great family dvds of all my older and new pictures of the family . I sold these at a great price of $ 10 each at the family reunion this year that I host all by myself . Had music playing in the background with them . You can also narrate it as well . Used my Create a card program to pull family pics into a label and a cover project in order to place them in a plastic dvd case to sell . Great add on each year . Everyone loved them .
 It 's definately not as easy to use as Mac but i definately like , when you mention that it run on the cheap X86 CPUs worth every cent . If there was n't their horrible Novell support i would gave them 5 stars
 SuSE 9.1 was nice and complete , but as usual it had its flaws , just check the SuSE online support portal to see the bugs that made it into release . While 9.2 fixed the stupid kpowersave dameon from being useless -LRB- I can now adjust my hdd to be quiet on the fly , with it also reporting the clock speed throttling properly , and now letting you easily select standby options -RRB- , it broke others . Perhaps it is because along with SuSE 9.2 , Novell is also at the same time releasing the Novell Linux desktop , spreading the resources thin . For example , normally by now the ftp would already have the ftp install files . They normally get it done 3 weeks after the release . Two , I WOULD NOT PAY $ 75 FOR 5 CDROMS , AND NOT GET THE DVD DUAL LAYER DISC FOR BOTH 32 BIT AND 64 BIT . It came with 9.1 . And because of that , a lot of packages and software that came with 9.1 are simply missing . Sure they will be added later , but about 2-3 months later ? Unacceptable.Next though really is the kernel . Starting with kernel 2.6.8 -LRB- or was it .7 ? -RRB- , burning cds became a big issue due to the change in permissions on commands for the cdr drive . It was n't too dificult to get around , but nevertheless , is a big pain . Check out k3b.org and you will see what I mean at the workarounds for it . But in this case it wa n't Novell 's fault.Then comes KDE . KDE 3.3 is nice , but again , it seems the screen saver is messed up again somewhat . It works , just not the way it is set . Otherwise it 's really nice . Do n't like KDE ? Pick Gnome or even icewm.For the person there below who gave it a star for deleting your partitions
 ProsVery StableVery fastVery good lookingOpen Office is OkCons : No GamingThere is not a lot programs for itNO adequate alternative for some MStechnologies -LRB- . Net , DirectX -RRB- ConclusionLDownload from Novell and try before you buy .
 Suse has come a long ways , and I see tons of improvement from when I switched to it a few years ago .
 This is my first Linux installation my PC , the installation was smooth exept that i needed to download drivers for the Nvidia graphic card . Suse is very stable i allmost forgath the crushes and unstability of the whole system , too bad there is no DirectXsupport well i still keep Win for Gaming.I allmost forgeth : PIV 2.4256 RAM40 GB128MB Nvidia GC
 I was so happy to pick this item up on Christmas Eve @ the post office . This item was shipped to me promptly and arrived in Great shape ! This operating system is the best system I have ever installed so far . Thank You Amazon , you guy 's are AWESOME !
 Excellent product but they should put support for DVDout of box , and easier installer
 SuSE Linux is the oldest commercial distro of Linux , and they prove again why people are willing to pay for something that they can essentially get for free . SuSE 9.2 Pro puts Fedora Core , Mandrake , Slackware , Debian and the others to shame in every aspect.Hardware support I found to be excellent , there was nothing that did n't detect or work correctly . YaST made it easy to choose what to install and they give you tons of options , more than WindowsXP could ever dream of giving you.While i 'm not a big fan of Gnome , Novell makes it look pretty good and surprisingly nice to use . KDE is in it 's natural and beautiful state and the easy of use is pretty good.Don ' t buy into the people who write 1-star reviews of this product claiming that SuSE destroyed all their data on install . If you do n't know what you 're doing you should not use this , period . Hold nobody accountable for yourself if you screw things up.Fantastic distro , perfect for anybody learning to use Linux/UNIX . You wo n't be disappointed !
 I 've used several older versions of Mandrake Linux -LRB- 9.1 , 9.2 , 10.0 , and 10.1 -RRB- and this is my first SUSE 9.2 Pro purchase . I was glad the installation process was easier than Mandrake 's . And even though it can take SUSE 9.2 Pro longer than WinXP Pro to install -LRB- 60 minutes instead of 45 minutes ? -RRB- when you are booting up for the last time , your system will be completely UP-TO-DATE . Why ? Because the install program asks you if you want to update SUSE 9.2 Pro from the Internet . This updating process includes nVidia drivers , if your computer need them . -LSB- Try doing that with WinXP ! It takes another 30-60 minutes downloading `` security patches '' and `` driver updates '' , before you are REALLY up-to-date . -RSB- Also , during installation , you do n't have to worry if your computer 's BIOS is set to boot from the CD-ROM or the hard drive , because SUSE 9.2 Pro gives you a simple graphic menu in front of the bootup -LRB- `` Grub '' -RRB- that allows you to select `` Hard Drive '' -- even if the BIOS is set to CD-ROM . For those of you who install Operating Systems often , you will really appreciate this ! Less rebooting means less time wasted , no matter how fast your systems is.The best thing about using Linux is that you do n't have to buy and install so many third party software packages . It comes with just about everything anyone needs to work or play.Or , maybe the best thing is -LRB- when used on desktop computers -RRB- that Linux is basically NOT vulnerable to viruses and worms . To give you some idea of how important that is
 I found it to be like windows , not quit as easy to use , not for someone how is not willing to invest some time , A very good system
 Upgraded to 9.2 from 7.x , very pleased with the product . It found the systems hardware quickly and with no effort on my part . My palm pilot , printer , usb thumb drive , email , web surfing are all 100 % operational . Checking for O/S updates is a snap and requires no system admin knowledge . This Novell/SUSE is so much fun ! For those wanting to compile code , browse internet , do email in an environment other than with MS , this is the way to go . Plus all your doc 's , pdf 's , jpeg 's all work too . Install was a snap , gui 's are great , very high quality product .
 I was really surprise by this version of SuSE Professional . I like the desktop features and the many applications available . I think that Linux is the best alternative for PC users.This system finds hardware and handles it well . It has so many applications such as OpenOffice - the alternative to Microsoft Office , Evolution - the alternative to Outlook and the Mozilla and Firefox browsers.For the price , how can someone go wrong.Excellent is all I can say .
 I was curios to see what 's that hip about Linux and i give a try to Suse . I have PIV 2.6 GHz 256 mb RAM Geforce 4 64 MBand Sony CD-RW 52X . Pros : Excellent hardware support , all of my hardware was recognizedeven the sound card , i even had to install VIA drivers on the XP.Setup is pretty smart for choosing default settingsand hase good graphic during installing.Looks very good but XP looks much better . Cons :1 Setup should be much simpler . You could go default with accept next next . . but if you like to change anything hm . .2 Forces you to use password for the user , i 'm the only oneusing my system and i hate typing passwords3 It lacks -LRB- or i ca n't find them -RRB- many fine tweaks of theDesctop look .4 My monitor runs on 60MHz instead of the 75 on XP i reallydo n't understand why ? The resolution is the same .5 I felt great when i sow Real player but it did n'tplay video out of the box , only music6 They should use Mozilla staff like Firefox , Thunderbird etcas default install.Overall Suse is not bat i gave it 4 stars because you could install it on as many computers as you want , but if Novellwant 's to make great Desctop and attract more Win usersthey should make simpller installer , concentrate on feweveryday programs that will work out of the box as Real playeruse more of the Mozilla technology as default instead of pushing something else , and MAKE IT MORE WINDOWS LIKE it 's very hard to learn old dog new tricks .
 Have been using SuSE since version 5.1 keeps getting better and better . Loading 9.2 is very easy . Have done severaly dual bootsfor friends . Now loading SuSE9 .1 and 9.2 for non profits . They do not have the money to squander on Microsoft plus many need to meet HIPAA . Security and safety are very important issues . Newbies to computers have no problem using SuSE plus they like the ability to multitask . Think no viruses no blue screens of death What a concept !! As for Wally - aka Widows cripple can you please quit posting the same tired rant about Linux version after version . Cut and paste gets old.Alexandra
 I held out due to the change when Novell bought suse . This was thier 1st togetherness release . This will be a short review . Suse is nice up to date and easy to upgrade * due to YAST * -LRB- YOU -RRB- an installer . However , This is easy to use with noobies -LRB- new users -RRB- but your linux knowlage wo n't expand much with all rpms . -LRB- installer like things that need no compiling -RRB- . The price is high to me compared to Mandrakes 39.99 . Linux is free online , but for users like me on dialup I musy buy/contribute to the distro . Usually they are not to expensive . This one seemed too high 2 me , but I gave ita whirl . All installed fine . easy as pie . -LRB- Ps - make sure u remember your moniters hz khz and vertical and hortizontal . mine was defaulted at 1600x1200 180hz which was way too high . Not al defaults are right btw . Check and go slow . Gfx are good , sound is good . Lots of compatability . Even has firefox on it . woohoo ! a nice release . a little steep in price but doable . i see enterprise editions and a future becoming as redhats . Mandrake is fallback . 4of5 . cheaper price , and maybe something was missing , I felt aslight bit incomplete .
 I say that the end of 2004 , start of 2005 was the time to get a pimpin ' new PC . I booted SuSE 7.2 on a partition with Windows 2000 many years ago and the result was not funny . If you choose to dual-boot a Windows Linux machine , then get two hard drives for it . Take a hint . XP2 should be on one of the hard drives . Better yet get a docking bay installed on your PC , like a ViPower Super Rack IDE for hard drives so you can pull them out and swap them around . As Windows user this is how you want to try out Linux on your machine ... and you should , but read more to find out why.Running Windows 95 and that means Windows 98 is illegal in your country and you are in the land of needing a new computer fast , feeling that you might have a box that looks like it is running windows 3.1 and to be honest now is your chance to move to Windows 2000 for a more solid operating system . Even NT users found more stability in Windows 2000 , 98 users mostly gamers or downloaders , seeing the blue screen of death often , while Win 2K users doing something a little more software intensive like multimedia , graphics and servers that 98 could not manage . So came the day of the dual-processor , having an NT Dual 500mhz , upgrading to Win2K and you still had a fast machine , 64mb and 128mb games cards never really impressing you that much to get a better machine , a games console maybe cheaper and better , XP a little slow for you and besides , 2K was compatible with nearly everything and you could dual boot linux for fun . The only reason to buy a computer between the release of XP and now was if you did not have one and even then plenty of second hand units going around.Year
 Not bad piece of software , but has problem with forest ofprograms , lack of playing DVDs , monitor runs of 70 Hz instead of 100 what is very annoying , real player needs refurbishmentand you 'll need crossover definately
 First , for those of you who wonder if your PC can run SuSE , go to ftp : / / ftp.gtlib.cc.gatech.edu/pub/suse/suse/i386/live-cd-9.2 and download either SUSE-Linux-9 .2 - LiveCD-KDE . iso or SUSE-Linux-9 .2 - LiveCD-KDE . iso . You can burn these to a CD and then boot into a live SuSE system . Nothing will be installed , and it is a great litmus test to see if SuSE 9.2 will work as you expect on your target system . If it works as expected , then purchase 9.2 Pro and install it on your system.Second , keep in mind that Linux is not Windows . It never has been and it never will be . If you want the features of Windows with the security of Linux , but you want it in a turn-key system , then buy a Mac . With a Mac you get ease of use as well as key Microsoft applications such as Word . The only problem with this is you are buying both hardware and software.Third , today 's distributions want contemporary hardware . If your system is running Windows 9x , then there 's a good chance you 'll have problems installing SuSE 9.2 . The same thing can be said , however , for WinXP , especially with service pack 2 . Finally , with Linux , you need to know what you 're doing and you need to have a real reason to change . If you are happy with your Windows system , do n't buy any Linux . If you 're having problems with your Windows installation make sure it is n't something that can be easily fixed . If you 're a casual user , then by all means be very careful with Linux . It will bite you . But if you have a real need for a feature or features found in Linux , and you 're comfortable with the idea of fixing a problem that may show up , go ahead and install SuSE 9.2 . I run it and I 'm quite happy with it . I would be more than happy to help others install and run it as well . But I always make sure that folks know exactly what they 're getting into . I 'm a OS pragmatist , not an Linux evangelist .
 Those who complain , need to pay attention to what they are doing in YAST installer . It is NOT difficult , but , can be a bit confusing , expecially if you are used to a different distribution 's installer , such as Mandrake Linux . For those with nVidia cards -LRB- including Quadros -RRB- , you need to be online , as getting the drivers is part of the online update section of the installation . YAST wo n't delete partitions , unless you let it do so . I have 4 Operating Systems on my computer , and I installed it without deleting any partitions.There is alot of software it does not install by default . Same with Mandrake Linux Powerpack . Simply select detailed selection and click to your heart 's content.The only negative I can find so far -LRB- I have to test k3b -RRB- is that SuSE still does not include Mozilla Messenger -LRB- I 'm partial to Messenger -RRB- . SuSE 9.2 Professional is slick , fast , and very responsive . Better than Mandrake 10.0 Community Edition Powerpack . I bought a CD set of 9.2 Pro for evaluation , and I think it is worth buying the boxed set.Charles Bradshaw
 Personal knows , I really like SUSE . It was my first Linux distro , it was my learning tool , etc. . With that in mind , I 'm proud to be able to review SUSE 9.2 PROFESSIONAL prior to its release to the general public.SUSE Linux Professional 9.2 , as the Novell-Suse Distribution is known , has updated much of the distributions core technology . This includes the new Linux kernel now 2.6.8 from version 9.1 's version 2.6.4 . In addition , 9.2 has shifted the distribution from Xfree86 to the X.Org Foundation 's X Window System.If you are a KDE user , you will be happy to know that SUSE has upgraded to version 3.3 . GNOME users are not quite as fortunate as version 2.8 was released in September and the timing did not work for this release . 9.2 PRO has GNOME version 2.6 . While not the newest , this is still a very feature filled release.SUSE Linux Pro 9.2 also has new redesigned interfaces to make the setup of network services like Samba , DNS , and DHCP easier than before.Other advancements in this distro include ; GIMP 2 , a comprehensive image processing and graphics creation tool , INKSCAPE , a new vector graphics application that is advertised to outperforms all other Linux alternatives , Nvu , a Web authoring system that combines Web file management and easy - to-use WYSIWYG Web-page editing , Open Office 1.1.3 and a host of other cutting edge programs.An area that Linux , in general , has needed to improve upon has been WIRELESS . Version 9.2 Pro now offers `` Bluetooth '' wireless support including automatic recognition of Bluetooth-devices via the YaST configuration and admin tool . Bluetooth configuration is simple using YaST making it easy to connect to and move between wireless LANs -LRB- WLAN -RRB- and other network connections . There is even a suspend-the-disk feature that makes it easy for laptop users who require increased mobility.WHAT ABOUT INSTALL AND USE?Those that have installed SUSE before are familiar with the Green Screen . The new SUSE 9.2 Pro has a very pleasant blue and grey screen , but beyond that , the installation is as smooth as always . Couple of questions , auto partitioning -LRB- I always turn the entire hard drive over to the distro -RRB- and the installer goes to work . Not unlike every SUSE install , after Disc 1 has been installed , the installer reboots . A couple of disc changes and you are ready to boot into your new system.Hardware detection is excellent . SUSE 9.2 PRO correctly detected all my hardware including my old HP printer and did the full set-up without problems.I booted into KDE and was quite pleased with the speed , quality of fonts and graphics . Using the Suse icon , I went to the Control Center and selected a screen saver and then checked Internet to see what was available for browsing . KONQUEROR was my only choice , so I went to YaST and selected INSTALL SOFTWARE . With YaST , if you have never used it , you can search for software in a number of ways . I chose to enter Mozilla into the search block and it came up with Mozilla and a host of plugins . Also offered in this distro is Mozilla 's Firefox.After install , I checked to see what plugins had been installed , as I have a couple of sites on the Web where I go to play games ! No JAVA ! Not a problem , I made a directory and downloaded . Installing java in SUSE is a little different from other distributions . If you are using a Red Hat , Mandrake or a Debian distro , you can go to / usr/lib . Find Mozilla and install into the plugin directory . SUSE uses / opt/mozilla . If you are creating a simlink , your path to Mozilla becomes : / opt/mozilla/lib / pluginsOnce the symlink had been created , it was off to the Web to give it a spin . The system worked flawlessly and I noted how quickly the system responded to commands.Sound would be the next check . I went to one of the Web music services and selected a genre . Immediately , I had music playing using Real Time Player 10.0 . So far , so good . The next test would be logging into my home network . The network consists of multiple LINUX machines in the Lab and a couple of WINDOWS XP machines in the household . The Windows machines are both wired and wireless -LRB- although it does n't matter -RRB- . Log in went flawlessly.First look appeared as expected ... EXCELLENT ! For those that had fears when SUSE was purchased by Novell , this distribution should eliminate any doubts that SUSE is going to continue bringing an excellent product , featuring many cutting edge programs . Their release schedule is aggressive with a new distro planned for every 6 months .
 Suse 's YaST installation system correctly identified all my hardward and I was up in no time.My AMD 64 bit processor SCREAMS on this 64 bit Linux Install.All these other people posting as `` programmers '' and `` senior programmers '' must be the worst programmers ever if they can not get this install to work . It 's a no brainer.Suse is gon na crush Microsoft . Their buggy , insecure kludgeware is over . All the included Office Applications are as easy to use as MS office , and they 're free!As soon as Open GL can replace DirextX , there will be no reason for windows anymore .
 I installed SUSE 9.2 on my Dell Inspiron 4000 laptop . It is Super Easy to Install . YaST utility lets you easily configure devices and install/install software so easily . Very straight forward . I installed my Microsoft wireless card -LRB- MN-520 -RRB- and set up a home network . My SUSE machine is my favourite among all the machinces I have now . Highly recomended .
 I have been using Windows XP -LRB- 32-bit -RRB- for a while on my 64 bit AMD Athlon based laptop . I did not realize that I have seriously under-utilized my laptop 's horse power until I installed SuSE 9.2 Professional for AMD64 . I just fell in love with it . I have very little Linux experience and despite the fact that Linux is for geeks , SuSE has just made it so simple and easy to install and use even for casual computer users.I tried the Live DVD version for sometime and was so overwhelmed that I did not think twice getting rid of Windows XP altogether . Yes , I now have a Linux-only machine . The installation was a breeze with YaST . All my hardware except the built-in wireless LAN adapter were recognized . It took just over 40 minutes for a standard install . Then I tried YaST Online Update . It automatically found the mirror nearest to my locale and listed the updates it had . All I had to do was select the patches and Finish.The base installation media did not contain graphics driver for my nVidia graphics card . So I had to google a bit to configure 3D support . It was simple but , I did n't knew . I 'm a newbie Linux user . Anyway I got it right and it worked flawlessly . But my wireless adapter still does n't work . After little more googling , I found that my wireless adapter can not talk in 64 bits and so , I have to wait till the vendor releases one.Next , time to explore some of the applications I need for my day-to-day tasks . I 'm quite impressed with the office tools and multimedia support . My USB flash drive was detected and I was able to open and edit some of the MS office documents I had backed up in the drive . Open office had all the bells and whistles I commonly use . I played and listened to some of the MP3 songs I have downloaded . The sound was husky initially , but after little tweaking and tuning with KMix , it was just perfect . However , my DVDs and VCDs did not play out-of-the box . With a little help from the SuSE support forum , I was able to install and run Mplayer . I was really surprised at the range of codec Mplayer supports . It played virtually all formats ranging from mpg1 , mpg2 , . avi , . wmv , xvid and even . mov files . My VCDs and DVDs worked just perfect . It truly is a damn good player -LRB- http://www.mplayerhq.hu -RRB- . Mozilla firefox is cool for browsing internet . It also has Konqueror but as for now I 'm sticking to the much familiar firefox . 3D -LRB- OpenGL -RRB- is great for games . It has Kino for DV capturing and editing , K3B for burning CDs/DVDs , digiKam for managing pictures from digital camera and much much more.Another thing remarkable is the performance . SuSE has everything I wanted and that I was doing with Windows . It does it better and remarkably faster and smoother . Every bit of it is customizable . My laptop really does scream.SuSE 9.2 Pro truly is a kick-ass product . Go get it and forget -LSB- ctrl -RSB- -LSB- alt -RSB- -LSB- del -RSB- forever .
 I agonised over moving from MS Widows to Linux for a number of months . I researched a number of distributions and read all the articles . In the end I choses SuSE 9.2 professional because : AMD64 supportLots of applications -LSB- over 1000 I 'm told -RSB- already on the diskEase of installationSupportBacking by NovelWhat I found was that the installation was almost too easy - I expected to learn a little bit about Linux as it asked me questions - in the end it just ran like a dream . All my hardware , ADSL and printer were correctly identified . It literally worked straight out of the box . The only real problem is that you can be a bit overwhelmed with all the free applications that come packaged with SuSE Professional - I could choose from
 Fine product , nothing less than XP , i had one on my laptop so i decided to buy a copy for my desctop , installation is just click and enter some text , nothing different from thewindows installation . If you ever decided to give Linux a chance Suse is right for you .
 I have tried them all , Maximizer is absolutely the best most comprehensive PIM on the market . It is a Canadian product , so it does not get a lot of exposure in the USA , however , when it is compared it gets the top ratings . The customer service is superb
 Have used maximizer for years , love it . Have also used Goldmine , Act , Telemagic , Outlook , etc. . None can give all the features including hte document-centric nature and list-based approach .
 If you are looking for a software solution to organize both your contacts and day-to-day operations , this is it . Shortly after the first version of Maximizer was released , I performed an in-depth comparison of an In-House developed system , Act , Goldmine , and Maximizer . Maximizer was the better product in terms of ease-of-use , flexibility , and capability . I recently repeated that same analysis and determined Maximizer clearly remains the best choice.Maximizer has allowed me to do the work of an entire team - making the company seem much larger to the outside world while making each client and potential client feel as though he or she is my most important account . How ? 1 -RRB- By giving me total , instant recall of all past conversations and events for tens of thousands of contacts . In the few seconds the receptionist is transferring the call , I can pull up the contact and review his entire history in terms of past conversations , meeting notes , documents and unlimited user-defined fields customized to my operation , 2 -RRB- By giving me the ability to easily email quotes or other information which the person often receives while he or she is still on the phone with me , 3 -RRB- By allowing me to attach and save those quotes or any type of electronic document to that client , 4 -RRB- By giving me the memory of an elephant - enabling me to schedule contact reminders , some of which may be more than a year into the future , 5 -RRB- By making it easy to quickly print labels and merge contact information for mass personalized mailings , faxes , or emails . The size of the project makes little difference . A personalized message can be sent to 20,000 people as easily as it can be sent to one person , 5 -RRB- By continually embracing and integrating new technology into the system , 6 -RRB- By allowing unlimited contacts per client thus reducing data entry for new contacts ... I could continue the list for some time , but by now you have probably gotten the point . I 'm completely sold on this application ... For only a few extra dollars , Maximizer 5.0 or Enterprise will add more time saving and business organizing features . Version 6.0 shows even more promise.To summarize
 Great Personal Information Manager . I set up four views at a glance : Upper Left screen quadrant is the Address BookLower Left is the Contact list for the above highlighted Address Book entryLower Right my Notes for that Contact going back over the years -LRB- sorted by date -RRB- Upper Right quadrant of my screen shows my Hotlist for today -LRB- links to Contact & Address -RRB- Highlight a Phone # , click on Phone icon , hear it dial with TRENDnet TFM-561U USB dialer -LRB- or your built-in fax modem -RRB- , pick up your headset -LRB- RS232 line to either Vonage VoIP or POTS -RRB- and talk away.Powerful search features -- the works . Dictate faxes or email with Dragon Naturally Speaking 11 . Note
 Excellent software - did not need an update since installing it under OSX 10.0 or 10.1 , now running under 10.3.4 - and it outperforms rival products . Many options , customizable , rich in features.However , the company never responds to questions , does not provide holiday calendars -LRB- you can make them yourself , but that 's not a strong point obviously -RRB- , and it did not provide updates in the last two years . Forf example , the export / import facility is in need of improvement -LRB- Address Book ... -RRB- . They have started to advertize their product aggressively - I hope , they will now also do something with it .
 Bought this waaaaaay back in 2003 !!!! Yea i know trhat I am late with the review but at least I am giving one.It worked back then & it still works today : - -RRB-
 Personal Organizer is by far the most powerful yet user friendly personal information manager that exists for the Mac platform . It runs flawlessly on OS9 through OS 10.3 . Lets touch upon a few of this program 's many strengths
 At first , I was overwhelmed by all this could do but quickly caught on and fell in love with it ! Lots of helps to get the most out of this fully customizable organizer . A must for anyone who uses mac and who loves efficiency . Highly recommended software .
 In terms of its interface and its overall power , Amapi 5 has become my second favorite modeler after TrueSpace 4 -LRB- which I have also reviewed in this forum -RRB- . I gave Amapi 5 a short review in my review on Carrara 3 -LRB- see my Carrara 3 review -RRB- , because my Carrara 3 software came bundled with this secondary modeler Amapi 5 . But since I saw a separate listing for Amapi 5 , I decided that it would be appropriate to give an in depth review for this modeler.Amapi 5 has a fairly decent full screen interface which allows you to move around the object you are modeling and to move about the virtual space . The only thing I do n't like about the interface is that you do n't have the same freedom of movement as you do in TrueSpace . In TrueSpace you can move anywhere easily in the virtual 3D space , but in Amapi if you want to move away from your object there does not seem to be an easy way to move the viewer back and forth . Of course , to move the viewer forward and back away from the object , you use the zoom option . But I like the 3D viewer in TrueSpace because it offers you total freedom to move about the space as you are modeling and operating in it . But with only this limitation , I do like the interface of Amapi . Around the viewport you have a palette of commonly used tools at your fingertips and if you choose , you can choose an alternative arrangement of the tools depending on your working style . The menu is pretty straight forward and much of it is self explanatory.Amapi has of course an array of primitives for modeling and editing . These primitives are fully editable and can be incorporated into any scene along with other objects.Amapi supports the full array of editing tools including surface deforming , Boolean operations , scaling , rotation , bevel , extraction , copy , mirror , etc.Amapi 5 does not support metaballs for organic modeling , but as an alternative it supports a wide array of spline and polyline tools and true NURBS modeling which are great for organic modeling . Here is where Amapi shines ! It has tools that are hard to beat in other modelers . You can create surfaces using one , two , or three or more paths . Path extrusion in TrueSpace 4 is limited to one path at a time . In Amapi you can create a variety of surfaces , and these go by a variety of different names , such as the Catmull , Clark , Gordon , etc. . I especially love the double sweeping tool where you create a cross section , and then you can create two different profiles and sweep the shapes to create a 3 dimensional surface . I modeled human legs using this tool . There are a variety of hulling tools which make it easy to create hulls of ships and such.The drawing tools in Amapi makes it possible for you to draw on any two dimensional plane in the workspace and you can often extrude or sweep to create surfaces even if the curves are not touching or share the same point . You can draw in spline mode , polyline mode , sketch mode which is sort of between the two preceding , and also preset shapes such as circles -LRB- for lathing profiles -RRB- , rectangles and squares , various arcs and curves , and helix . The workspace also has a grid -LRB- which can be turned on or off -RRB- and a virtual workbench where you can model your objects -LRB- this can be turned off too -RRB- . And when you use the tools , the workspace generates an image of the coordinate axis with measuring lines on it so you can measure how high , how far over , how far front and back . Thus the environment in Amapi 5 is very visual . Even in rotation of the object , when the rotation tool appears , there is a circular grid that appears around the object which gives angle gradations and depending on how you move the viewer , it will allow you to rotate the object in the coordinate plane that is viewable from that angle or position in space . And if the default gradations are not fine enough for you , you can always adjust these for more precision . In addition there is also an option for numerical input.The helix tool can create truly amazing spirals , including spirals with constant radius , but also spirals with increasing or decreasing radius , so you can easily create rope coils and such with this tool.There is no special lathe tool in Amapi 5 , but you can easily lathe using a circular cross section and a path extrusion tool or even the double sweep tool using mirror image profiles on both sides of the circular cross section.Amapi also has a good selection of subdivision and smoothing tools . I you simply need to subdivide a polygon or to make a finer mesh , the tessellation tool will work fine . Amapi supports quad division and triangular tessellation and it divides a quadrilateral polygon into four triangles , using two straight diagonal lines . There are four types of surface smoothing techniques all of which can give beautiful organic shapes and with MetaNURBS you can control all such smoothed surfaces whether polygonal or true NURBS with the control mesh . The four smoothing techniques all give different types of surfaces with different types of meshes.Amapi also has true NURBS . NURBS -LRB- anagram for Non Uniform Rational B-Splines -RRB- is a modeling technique using curved lines called spline curves . Bezier spline curves are created by drawing two dots or points on the screen and then having the computer plot a straight line or a curve on the screen between them and then using a control handle on one of the points , you can control how curvy the line appears between the two points . You can build shapes in three dimensions using this technique by modeling on the basis of spline curves and then controlling the whole thing with the control mesh . That is the mesh created from the points and straight lines that the computer created initially to draw the curvy lines between . The method is more computer resource intensive , but it results in very smooth organic shapes . -LRB- TrueSpace 4 NURBS is similar to this , but it actually uses a subdivision technique rather than spline curves . Newer versions of TrueSpace however now implement true NURBS . -RRB- In any case , NURBS modeling is great also for animations . You can modify the shape using the control mesh . Think of a marshmallow or a blob of gelatin inside of a glass box . If you change the shape of the glass box , the marshmallow will change shape with the shape of the box . This is the basic idea of controlling objects with a control mesh . The marshmallow is the NURBS object.Amapi also includes other standard tools including 3D text , polygon manipulation , including the ability to delete and weld polygons together , you can cut polygons from a surface , copy them , etc.On the down side , Amapi has a limited selection of lights . Basically you are limited to bulb lights , and infinite -LRB- sun -RRB- lights . If you need area lights for soft shadows , you would have to create an array of lights and group them together . If you need a spot light , you can create a bulb light and model an opaque object around it where you do n't want the light to shine.The renderer is capable of some realism , but again , you are limited here . Amapi 5 does not support volumetric lighting -LRB- simulating lighting in a dusty room or a foggy day -RRB- , nor does it support radiosity -LRB- the ambient light caused by wave scattering and bouncing off of everywhere -RRB- . Lens flares -LRB- such as when a light shines directly into the camera -RRB- and caustics -LRB- such as light through a magnifying glass -RRB- are not supported.Character animation is also limited . Human and animal characters can be manipulated by such things as control meshes and control path manipulation , but Amapi does not support anything like `` bones '' in this version -LRB- I do n't know about later versions -RRB- . But to make up for it , Amapi does have good export capability . You can export to popular formats such as * . dxf and * .3 ds , and a few others . In which case you can export an organic created in Amapi and export it into another 3D application such as Carrara for example -LRB- whose format is also supported in Amapi -RRB- where `` bones '' and other tools are supported.You have good texturing capability , and there is support for user made textures in * . bmp and * . jpg formats , but I do n't think animated textures , backgrounds etc. , are supported . I will continue to check into this , but nothing in the manual indicates that this can be done.Animation , though simple is powerful . There is a basic key frame editor , and you can control all elements in the animation . You can animate lights , cameras , all motion of objects in the scene and deformations . Even though the key frame editor seems to be fairly simple in construction , it seems to `` know '' how to animate various aspects of motion . I wanted once to simultaneously move a sphere through space and rotate it . I was surprised at how easily that could be done ! The software was able to distinguish my animation of rotation from my animation of motion and was able to key frame both . In most key frame editors you have an explicit layout of groups and what motions and animations are possible and whether animation has been enacted for that element . The key frame editor in Amapi 5 is much more simple than this - there is no explicit layout . It just consists of a frame timeline and a slider , but still you can do quite complex animations with it.The only other criticism I have of Amapi 5 is that it is finicky . There are a few bugs in it which can make the program halt and bail . That is frustrating when you are working on something and then you do something that the program does n't like and it causes an error and the system then closes the program . Be sure to save your work often and / or use the backup option in the software . Fortunately , I have never had a problem with the system freezing with Amapi 5 as I have had with Poser 5 -LRB- also reviewed here in this forum -RRB- , but the bugs can be a pain.But in all , this is a good modeler . But I think it should be used in conjunction with other modelers . By itself it is capable of good and powerful modeling , but you 'll be cheated in animation and rendering capabilities . All my modelers have their strengths and weaknesses and I have three so far and Poser 5 . I am now working with Blender and Art of Illusion , two other modeler and animation packages , and they too have their strengths and weaknesses . Look around the internet and you 'll see my artwork done with all of these modelers .
 OUT OF ALL THE 3-D DESIGN PROGRAMES I HAVE USED THIS HAS THE BEST INTERFACE AND ALLOWS THE USER TO CREATE SOME AMAZING GRAPHICS
 I had this product a few years back and lost it when my hard drive crashed . I finally found it again on CD , just wish it would load with Vista . This is a great product .
 Perfect for kids to learn about the human body - all descriptions of various body parts , games , little videos that shows growth or demonstrations movement . My 5 year old is looking like a genius learning all the names and functions of his body parts . He particularly love the videos . I own many DK software , such as the Science , History , World , USA Explorers , but the Human Body Explorer seems to top them all.One note
 I wonder if they have any more Zoboomafoo games if so I 'd like to collect them all because this game is fun to play.Its a learning experience for children as well as adults . The whole family can gather around the computer and take turns as well as help each other on this creature quest . You can visit Zoboo in Zobooland hang out with the Kratt brothers as they interact and teach you about animals and you can use your imagination . E/I Educational/Informative ! : -RRB-
 I bought version 4 a few years ago , and have used it to design a logo for my website . Now in the process of creating a new site , I want a better logo , thus prompting me to reload the software onto my current machine.The first time around , I tried using standard user interface procedures to adjust the composition . The resulting headaches and frustration made me want to toss it out the window . But on reloading , I remembered what I had learned before , to follow the software 's own procedures , as non-standard and as counter-intuitive as they might seem . The result is a product that is both effective and fairly easy to use.Make no mistake , this is a special purpose tool , and is not in the same league as Adobe Illustrator or Corel Draw . But the logos produced can be quite pleasing . One issue that inexperienced logo designers may have to confront is how elaborate and colorful they want their final designs to be . Since logos are often placed on letterheads , packaging , and signs , a flashy , color-rich design for websites may not be suitable for print media , and vice versa . A monochromatic design may seem much too dull for the web , although some exquisite designs can emerge from a limited palette.The short tutorial -LRB- under Help Menu -RRB- provides a some of the features and uses of this product . In all , a satisfying , if inexpensive software too .
 This software is very easy to use and I would purchase from this company again . They make a great software product .
 This game is a great review of time . It is unlike other Brain Bytes products in that the game does not keep track of the child 's level and systematically take them through the program . Instead , it has three parts ; telling time to the hour , telling time to the half hour , and telling time in increments of fives . You can click on the skill you would like the child to work on . I think overall the game is great and cute . The two clock characters keep my students attention . What I like most is that it focuses in on only one skill - Telling Time of course ! . This allows needed drill and practice of the skill .
 I like this game and think that it does a good job of teaching symbols that relate to sounds heard in words , rhyming and spelling three letter words . It is pretty basic and only covers rhyming and spelling . All the child needs to know how to do is point and click to play the game . Also , it usually does not take a child long to complete the entire game . I would recommend it for an average PreK-K and for students that are having problems with rhyming three letter words and spelling three letter words .
 This program was appropriate , entertaining , and instructional for our grandkids -LRB- ages 3 and 5 -RRB- . It was new and delivered quickly . Could n't have asked for more !
 Believe it or not this program had sat in my collection for several months before we installed it ! The kids have been fighting over the computer ever since . You can ` virtually ' put together castles and you can then walk through both the inside and the outside . You can ALSO print out these castles and make them again out of paper . My children are 7 , 8 , and 10 and all of them have loved this program . On the computing side of things , the kids can easily wander the program on their own , it is very friendly . The reason for the four stars is that the instructions for the paper-version castles really need adult guidance . BUT , it turned out to be rewarding , quality time . Make the castles , get a green poster board as a piece of land and VOILA ! your kids will have an awesome time .
 This was a blast for my 6 year-old niece . She was able to start using the basic functions right away , building castles with no help from us . With a tiny bit of help she learned how to move things around and color the castles . It really held her attention and she wanted to play with it again the next day . I like the fact that she can really grow with it , as she learns to use the 3-D aspects and move around the areas and explore the castles and use some of the learning functions . I was impressed with the amount of detail and accuracy in the castle pieces and variety of options involved . The program can be as simple or as complicated as the child wishes . Overall , we were both very pleased with the purchase .
 I had Stanley 's Sticker Stories when I was a little kid and i LOVED it ! I was about 4 . I learned about how to make good stories and the characters were great -LRB- I knew them from the other Edmarks -RRB- It also kept me entertained for as long as my Mom would let me play . Anyway buy this for your little one ! You 'll be glad you did !
 Once again Edmark keeps our kids happy with another outstanding product . I 've seen kids from 3 + to 7 play this . Several different activities with both Q/A mode or explore mode keeps kids with varied levels of skills busy , entertained and learning . The games `` grow '' with the kids . Both educational and loads of fun , it 's a must for all homes.We have enjoyed it so much , we continue to buy it for gifts .
 This is our first Edmark product , but it wo n't be our last . This is a fine program with easy controls , a user-friendly interface , and fun educational activities . Kids can work on five tasks in one of two modes . For example , in Jellybean Hunt , your perspective is as an ant on a grid-patterned tablecloth . Jellybeans are scattered at various locations . In exploration mode , you can use arrows designated as relative directions -LRB- forward , left or right -RRB- or absolute directions -LRB- labelled N , S , E and W -RRB- , to find jelly beans ; in task mode , you are asked to get a particular jellybean using a specific arrow set.Other tasks include
 While playing on a computer at our library , my children visited Trudy 's Time and Play House . They each would play for about 30 minutes and throughly enjoyed it . So , I purchased it through Amazon.com for a very reasonable price . In my daughter 's own words , `` I get to work in three levels of time , hour , half-hour , and all other times . After I complete this they cheer for me when I get it right . If I get it wrong , I get another try . There is a spaceship to take me around the world and show me different places and things about that part of the world . Then there is a quiz . If I get the answer right , they cheer for me . When I get it wrong I keep trying . There is a sandbox . I get to click on tiles to complete puzzles that make cities , rivers , roads ... There is a game where an ant has to find jellybeans . As the ant finds each colored jellybean , it turns the color of the jellybean it finds . Then when all the jellybeans have been found , they cheer for me . '' As a parent , I am pleased with the education aspects being presented in a positive and understandable way . I will be looking at more products by this company .
 The OS CD I bought Is OK , but you 're better off spending the extra bucks on the latest OS systems . It all depends on your needs .
 Simply pick the duotone effect you want from the fan guide and choose the appropriately numbered curve effect from the CD , load it in Photoshop and you 're done ! Creating duotones becomes fast , easy , and accurate ! An added benefit is that you , as well as a client , can see the duotone effect you want before it gets to press - no more monitor guessing games !
 I 've been a user of LifeForm since early 1997 , and have n't once considered replacing it with another program . Besides tracking almost anything you can think of , it allows you to add items to monitor . For example , if you 've been tracking your blood pressure and want to compare that to your mood swings , you can track your mood for a while and then create a graph to compare the two and see if there 's a correlation.Compared to other programs , it is fast and easy to track your eating habits . It will retrieve a food item based on any part of the name of the food , while some others can not `` find '' the food unless you get the exact spelling and order of words.The calorie estimates for recipes you add are also very accurate . Another program I 've used -- MasterCook -- has sometimes been off by as much as 50 percent.The best thing about this program is that it can be as simple or as complicated as you want . If you want to track every blood chemical , mood , or doctor 's appoinment , you can . But if you 're looking for something to just tell you how many calories you ate today , it will do a fast and accurate job -- and not give you an annoying pop-up reminder to do something else .
 This is a wonderful tool . It offers an exceptional food diary , exercise journal -LRB- calculating the calories according to heartrate or level of exertion -RRB- , a graphing section -LRB- compare calories burned to target calories burned -RRB- , etc. . A section to track stress levels , fatigue , anxiety etc almost anything you would care to track.Its true that the food database could use an update but it is still it pretty comprehensive . If you ca n't find a food you can put it in -LRB- using the labeling information on the product -RRB- . Or you can input your own recipes.I have looked long and hard for a really good product to help with weight loss and this is the best I 've found . It has many other uses as mentioned in another review -LRB- diabetes management etc -RRB- . I ca n't reccommend it enough .
 Diabetes is a complex disease . Maintaining good health and managing glucose levels is very tricky and involves a LOT more than just watching what you eat . This program allows you to monitor carbohydrates , fat , and sugar that you consume , it monitors and graphs your glucose levels , your exercise regime , your mood -LRB- stress levels , etc. -RRB- , your weight . You name it , if it affects your glucose levels in ANY way , this program can help you track it , monitor it , graph it , and , best of all , interpret that information so that you can make appropriate , targeted lifestyle adjustments to keep your levels under control . It 's not enough to have a glucose meter . You need to watch for trends and understand what might be going on in your life that is causing various deviations . This is the program to do it . And it 's very easy to use . Buy it . Use it . Good health to you !
 This program works . Be sure you are the type of person that is around a computer all day and it will work for you too . I have been using Life Form for over a year and still feel like I want to use it.Life Form tracks your food , weight , exercise , and much more . It has useful graphs to track your progess and organized tables that you can customize to your own needs.Previous reviews are true in saying the program needs to be updated , but you can enter nutritional information from any food label you have.I strongly recommend this program to anyone trying to eat healthy and lose weight .
 With this program you will be able to track all of your daily food intake and then analyze it to see quantity of calories , fat , protein , carbs , fiber , etc. . you ingest per item , meal , day , week , and so on . You can also keep track of exercise and figure out how many calories you 've burned . On the graphs tab , you can view and print calories in vs. calories out , track and graph your weight , all your body measurements -LRB- waist , thighs , chest , etc. . -RRB- , clothes size , maximum and resting heart rate , sporting distance , endurance , body fat percentage , blood pressure , detailed blood chemistry , moods , sleep habits , emotional and spiritual well-being , sex drive , you name it ! You can track and graph most anything health related by defining your own graphs!It 's very easy to use and you can make it as detailed as you like , it 's your choice . If all you want to do is make sure you are consuming less calories than you burn each day -LRB- and therefore losing weight -RRB- or make sure your dietary proportions are in check -LRB- sodium , cholesterol , etc. -RRB- , it 's a breeze . But for those who want to monitor health conditions , document hospital/doctor appointments , test results , track exercise details , heck , even compare how your golf score is effecting your anxiety level it 's all there.The interface is top notch , easy to maneuver , and the help screens are thorough and well documented . Yes , the fast food/convenience food database is a little outdated , but all the basic foods are there , and any new info needed is easily taken from a package label or fast food website , entered in , and made a permanent part of the program . Works the same with your own recipes too ... How hard is that?To sum it up , I am very pleased with this wonderful product ! Life Form really helps me to keep not only my weight under control , but my health in check too . Before Life Form , I never knew just how many fat calories were `` sneaking '' their way into my diet ! The pie graph on the food tab gives a great visual on this , it lets you `` see '' exactly what you are putting into your body . Great awareness tool !
 ultra-slow , poor graphics . only half your yolk can ever make it over even the teeniest of water crossings . you can debate on hiring young natives to help across the water . you will get dyptheria and dissentary -LRB- spelling ? -RRB- and you will die . when you kill buffaloes , you can only take 20 % of the meat.that 's what I remember.This game was awesome . It better not be on a floppy disc though .
 THis is one of the best games i 've played . you get to go to the west and hunt , cross rivers , and buy like you would in the old west era . you should get this game
 I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend awhile back . It was a gag gift of sorts . We used to joke with each-other about the old-school game . We used to play back in grade school on the school 's old Apple IIci -LRB- monochrome -RRB- and though it was a gag gift , it brought back many memories and good laughs ... Even though this is n't the original version -LRB- this one is newer and in color -RRB- it still works and functions well on our new computer ! It has the original trails , characters , diseases , follies , and of course
 This is one of the best classic games you can own it is fun and challenging all at the same time . Now the downside is wwindows 7 64bit will not play the game without xp mode however a 32bit should play the game great .
 If you know REXX , this version is compatible with what you know . It is also an object oriented language that is open source , but `` classic REXX '' programs will alo run under it . If you want to move to OO coding , but want the convenience and ease of REXX , you should check this out . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I needed to do some process flowcharting for work , but did n't want to spend hundreds to get it done . I used to use this program back in the 90 's and knew what it could do , so I ordered it -LRB- for under $ 10 , including shipping -RRB- . I was n't sure if it would run properly under XP , but it turns out that it does . You will get some error messages saying that your windows version is not compatible , but just click on Do n't remind me again and then click continue . I was able to create my drawings and then save them in the GIF format . I did get an error when I tried to save as a JPEG , it processed the conversion to 99 % and then the program crashed . The resulting JPEG was blank . The GIF format is fine for me , so I have no complaint . This is the standard version , not Visio Technical , so if you are doing technical drawings you will need to substitute some symbols and make do with what is there in the templates . My drawings look great and cost me next to nothing . Score !
 I bought this title to use during the summer prior to my child taking Spanish in high school . She had little exposure to a foreign language and I wanted her to be ready when entering the class in high school . I found the CD to be a fun and simple way to introduce the basics of the language . Both my child and I used the CD throughout the summer and were able to learn simple spanish techniques . The approach is simple and interesting . It presents the materials in small bites that are easy to understand followed by a testing period at `` la feria '' -LRB- the fair -RRB- . You get to choose various activities to test how well you assimilated the material . My 2nd child is now using this CD to get prepared for his encounter with language . I would recommend this CD as an introduction and to help set some basics in place before taking an actual spanish course . It was more fun than either my children or I anticipated .
 This has got to be THE coolest CD-ROM . Not only can you design clothes , but you can actually print them out for your barbie to wear ! I love the variety
 This is great when you first get it ! Design a variety of barbie outfits for any occasion and watch her model it . Then print out a magazine cover or the outfit for you to make . Sounds cool right ? But there are some hidden downsides ... Number one , the outfits do n't stay together too well ! Number two , the outfits get repetitive and boring and there are n't enough pattern or color choices . Also , some new barbies would be nice ! I 'd try Cool Looks before this one ! Oh yeah and for some reason there is a saving problem when you save your designs ... Still if you wan na try a new angle on Barbie games try this one or Cool Looks to create cool Barbie clothes , until you get sick of the game !
 My daughter is 7yrs . I found this program has helped her to develop a fair sense of dress code for a 7yr old . It is not just a `` game '' CD , but a teaching tool as well . Furthermore , the method of `` sewing '' the clothes together has been good grounding for when she can follow patterns and use a sewing machine when she is a little older .
 Oh the nostalgia ! This was one of my favorite games as a kid . I always used to get yelled at for wasting all the printers ink printing out countless pictures of all the different outfits I could make for barbie . This game is awesome ! Buy it for your little girls !
 I 've had this game for about 7 years and i used to play with it ALL THE TIME . It 's great designing the clothes , but barbie likes to boss you around on what things you can put together , like you ca n't wear a scarf & wedding dress , and the clothes have gone out of style . You were only allowed to use a few colors at a time . But making the tabloid cover is really fun and i used to make them for EVERYONE . the 3d is really cheezy , and the fashion show thakes FOREVER to load -LRB- but the countdown with shoes is really cute -RRB- . I think i once saw a newer version somewhere , but it might have been another barbie game . weinerdogs rule !
 We have recived the movie in a very satisfied time period.Our granddaughter likes it very much.A nd watches it freguently.I was a good buy for the money.would buy from them again .
 I think it 's fun because you can make magazine covers and pages for a little magazine for your friends . You can design clothes for your Barbie , you get to color them , and put them together . It 's fun because you can put shoes on it .
 Very fun . I wish they would redesign the pants and shorts . Barbie has difficulty keeping the pants fastened when she sits .
 I have to say that this is an excellent product if you just want your kids to kick back and some fun after a mountain of homework , but if you 're trying to inspire your children and teach them something with software , this is a major mistake . The basic concept is based on the Grimm 's fairy tale Rapunzel and has some out of line parts thrown in . -LRB- Like Rapunzel traveling through the city in search of her prince , for example . -RRB- Of course , there are all sorts of games along the way , most of which are eye/hand or memory skill games . While some games encourage creativity , others , such as the dress maker 's shop and the bakery prohibit it . You can only make dresses one color and only make cakes according to a pattern . That was a mistake on Mattel 's part , if you ask me.Rapunzel also turns into a sort of digital paper doll when led to the attic . There she tries on beautiful gowns , jewelry and other accessories all at the child 's descretion . That is , by far , the best of the games.I think this is a great product and will be very much enjoyed as long as the child is 8 or younger since they 'll have the most fun with it . It 's clean , wholesome entertainment for a few hours of the day without the gory violence of mind-numbing hours in front of a palystation . It might not be educational , but there are much worse things out there .
 Well , I was skeptical at first , but my daughter is in LOVE with anything that is Barbie so I bought the DVD and the vid game ... She watches the movie about 4 times a week , but the game is played pretty much as long as the computer is on ! ... So ... Long story short , the game is rather ` old school ' in game play and graphics , but very simple colourful for children ... It 's a fantastic game with puzzles and dialog that any Barbie fan will love .
 I bought this program thinking it would be hokey , at best . But I was pleasantly surprised . My son was able to read stories or create new ones , using story starters or a ` blank sheet of paper . ' There are a number of backgrounds , props , and musical themes . You can even print out what you 've created . He still has fun with this two years later . I was sorry to see that it is out of stock , because I think this program is wonderful for aspiring young writers .
 I went over to my friends house one day and decided to play this game . We added sound , pictures , and wrote a great story . We had such a fun time on her computer . I wanted to buy this game for myself but it was out of stock . I 'm so upset because I wanted to record my voice on it to read the story . It 's a really great game and lot 's of kids would love to play it .
 As a school counselor , a student introduced me to this program . If you work with children who do n't trust , you know that they do not like traditional talk therapies . I have found Storybook Weaver to be helpful both in assessing students and as a way to introduce alternative ways to cope and see the world . It is great corrective play therapy . Most students enjoy the process and usually finish their pictures with a satisfied `` There ! I 'm done ! ''
 This is an excellent software package for encouraging and supporting young writers . I am a teacher/researcher and programs like this support students in using technology to publish high quality creative work .
 Initially I was angry as the box I got said Windows 95 and did not say windows XP like I saw next to the image on amazon . I sent an email to the seller requesting a refund and informing him that the package had not been opened . Have n't heard back from the seller , but in all fairness it 's the weekend -LRB- has only been two days -RRB- . Well I started googling seeing if I could get this 95 software to run on my Windows Xp or Windows 7 -LRB- I have both -RRB- . I found information on running the program on Windows compatibility mode and that this would help run older software . Well I decided to take a chance and opened the box . I put it into my window 7 computer and to my surprise it ran !! I did n't even go into compatibility mode -LRB- maybe the computer did on it 's own/automatically -RRB- . Now it seems from our early experiments that you always have to put the disk into the computer for it to run -LRB- but who cares -RRB- . My husband is still seeing if he can get it to save on the computer and place the icon on the desktop -- last I checked he has n't been able to . If he figures it out I 'll write back . My 7 year old son is ecstatic ! I love my husband!I tried another disk called `` Real World Spanish '' which is also from 1995 . It ran also . I wonder why ? If you know why please make a comment below explaining this as I would like to know . The package for StoryBook Weaver Deluxe says
 Storybook Weaver makes writing fun ! When I first I was like , oh no ! I hate writing ! But then I got so attached to it that I could n`t get off of it !
 In this game , you get to make your own story . You can add music to it , put pictures in it , borders and soo much more !! I think it 's also great if you need to write a story for your report in school too . You 'll have hours of fun making up your own stories . I found out about this software at my school for computer class , I did n't get to finish my second story . But I know you 'll have a great time with yours . I recommend this for ages 7-12 . Or when your child starts to know how to type and read . A great and imaginitive mind for a great and better story . When you 're done with your story , the great thing is that you get to print it out .
 I have used Storybook Weaver with first , third , and fourth graders and have found it flexible , interesting and inspiring . The ease of creating pictures makes it ideal for beginning writers , and the format options allows advanced writers to produce more detailed and complex compositions . It 's an effective way to both finish a final draft , as well as begin a story with a picture based prewriting exercise . Kids of all ages will find the varied and imaginative picture possibilites fun . Highly recommended for children reluctant to write and for those who ca n't seem to write enough .
 My 13 year old neice and I have spent countless hours laughing until we cried making silly stories with this program . Now that she is getting into her teen years , it takes longer for her to open up and be herself . But whenever we start talking about our past stories or start making new ones , she instantly relaxes and she is my easy-going neice again who is n't worried about cheerleading practice and fitting in . There is also so much pride involved when completing a story . Age is not an issue with Storybook Weaver . It is as much fun for me as it is for her !
 I went over to my friends house one day and decided to play this game . We added sound , pictures , and wrote a great story . We had such a fun time on her computer . I wanted to buy this game for myself but it was out of stock . I 'm so upset because I wanted to record my voice on it to read the story . It 's a really great game and lot 's of kids would love to play it .
 I liked the idea of this game , I mean , it is really , really fun , but you dont have very many characters , backgrounds , and objects to choose from , so you end up making the same thing over and over again . And plus , sometimes the game freezes or screws up and you lose your whole story . I always have a hard time editing because it always freezes up . So , I give it 3-4 stars . Fun , but too basic .
 GET THIS ITEM , no doubt a bout , it ! It 's fun and never boring and recommendable to girls of all ages ! You 'll love this learning educational , nevermind fun game for all sorts of girls ! I hope you decide upon getting this wonderful cd-rom !
 This program has a very easy to use interface that anyone can learn . If you need to inventory your card collection this is the program you need . I highly recommend it .
 Well , surprise -- this `` book '' was just what it promised ! Five thousand -LRB- count 'em -RRB- articles and books for $ 15 . That 's not even a penny apiece . You can usually find the complete works of Shakespeare here and there in a book , but this CD has all of that and lots more
 This is an unbelievable piece of software ! I just finished reading a 400 page novel -LRB- Bel Ami by Guy de Maupassant -RRB- via my computer screen . You can adjust the letter size to up to about 1/4 inch high so it 's very easy on the eyes . And the auto scroll feature means that your hands are free to enjoy a cup of coffee at the same time . It is simply astounding that so many works , from the complete works of Shakespeare to War and Peace , among hundreds of others , can be contained on a single cd-rom costing 20 bucks ! Buy it . You may be doing your part to save Western Civilization !
 You can quibble about the ancient interface , and the multimedia is somewhere between ludicrous and worthless . Yet , when all is said and done , we have here 5000 titles of the Western World 's most important literature . I 've used it for literary research with great effect . The search engine is crude but effective . Individual titles can be saved to your hard disk and/or printed . This disk is an indispensible asset to any library , or anyone with any pretensions of education . For $ 15 bucks its the best literary bargain in town .
 I am at a loss as to why there are not more products on the market like this . What could be more useful than an entire library of 5000 literary works on a single CD ! You can put the equivalent of several tons of books in your pocket ! I owned a previous version published by Electronic Home Library years ago and was highly satisfied with it - especially the search function . This disc contains many more literary titles - including the unquestioned classics of antiquity . It is impossible to list all the works or authors -LRB- Novels , plays , poems , religious works , historical and scientific documents - all unabridged . -RRB- While this last -LRB- 4th edition -RRB- was written for use on old 386 systems I have found that it works just fine on my Pentium III system . It also works with my older Electronic Home Library collection.You can search instantly by work , phrase , subject , title , or author.Plus there are hundred of original illustrations - not to mention selective audio readings and video clips.Combine this with a lap top and you are a walking library .
 What more can I say .5000 good things to read.Simple no-frills interface.You can make the type-face larger to make it EASY to read and then just turn on the automatic scroll.Should Scribners or Amazon be worried about this ? I do n't think so . If I want to read Madame Bovary unplugged I 'll get it at the bookstore or from Amazon . I 'll buy as many books as ever.But this is so coooooool . Download these on-line ? I do n't think so !!! You have better things to do with your time and RAM memory than download War and Peace . Sheeeesh!I DO N'T WANT E-BOOKS . I will never buy an e-book . I want this and when I want something else I want a nice little Scribners or something . Or when I want a Dan Brown I 'll get that.But somebody 's got ta bring this AbleSoft product back !!!!! I gave away my copy thinking I could buy another.PLEASE SOMEBODY !!!! I 'd pay $ $ $ .
 What a bunch of whiners -- with a few exceptions , of course -- have reviewed this CD-ROM . I am delighted to have found it . And so will you be . It is fabulous and ought to be one among many , many , many such CD-ROMs loaded with all of Western -LRB- and other -RRB- literature . I have used it on many occasions , and am only disapointed when the work I seek is not included . But how can anyone complain when they get 5,000 works of world literature for a pittance ?? Please give us more of this kind of software.It is true that the interface and typeface are a tad primitive , but everything is very accessible and the works and authors can be sorted many ways . I would imagine , however , that the lack of over-glitzy interfaces -- deeply disturbing as this may be to some poor tadpoles -- frees up space for more authors . `` Not worth the money ... '' writes one invertebrate . What absolute nonsense !!
 You have to ask yourself if you are purchasing the product for the software or for the titles . I personally bought it for the titles . You can save each one of the titles individually as a text file and import into your favorite ebook reader or viewer -LRB- Cut & Paste -RRB- . The software is a little cludgy but the content far out weighs the interface.More to read here than a few life times .
 This is an old product that has needed updating for many years . It does have a clunky interface and needs a complete system overhaul . Nevertheless it is fairly easy to use and has a great selection of titles -LRB- all out of copyright , of course -RRB- and a limited search capability that is very useful when doing research in literature , history , religious works , etc. . It needs to be revised so it will run under System 7 and Vista . I ca n't run it on my new computer and have kept an older one around just to use it . My alternative is to copy the books I really want to Word or some other text processor and save them that way as individual files . This would lose the search function , however , and is only a partial solution . XP Mode on System 7 is viable until 2014 when Microsoft support for XP goes away so do n't expect XP to be in the next MS operating system .
 Like the earlier version , this CD has a good collection of images in both BMP and JPG format . Most of them are in color and the quality ranges from fair to quite good.The CD is called `` Religious '' and that is a fair description . Most of the images are Christian but there are a few from other faiths as well . Some are so generic as to have no religious connotation at all but even those might be useful on occasion.The CD is divided into several categories -LRB- people , events , crosses , animals , etc -RRB- which can make it easier to find what you are looking for . Be advised , however , that the person organizing the folders on the CD did not always know what he or she was looking at . I found a monstrance in the cross folder and lots of crosses scattered throughout other folders.All in all , I am well satisfied .
 It is significangt that Intellisync software received the Pocket PC Magazine 2002 Best Software Award in the category of synchronization . Intellisync enables synchronization of email , calendar , contacts and tasks between handheld devices and PC applications such as Microsoft Outlook and Lotus Notes . Pocket PC Magazine , recognized by the industry as a leading source of information on products and services relating to the Pocket PC platform , recently awarded honors to the top Pocket PC software solutions that enhance productivity and enjoyment of the Pocket PC device .
 I had inital difficulties attempting to synchronize my ACT 4.0 w/Palm Pilot ... ACT ! software -LRB- suprisingly -RRB- did not support Palm Pilot and the software that accompanied the Palm Pilot also did n't support ACT ! . I purchased a software that works really good and allows you to import additional items if needed to Palm Pilot -- plus it works with about any database on the market -LRB- hurray ! -RRB- ... It also has a couple games for those long plane rides ...
 My kids LOVED this software but have out grown it . They loved to figure out the puzzles and enjoyed the challenge the software gave them . It helped them to be creative and think outside the box . They learned to overcome by trying different approaches and LOVED the maps .
 When I was a kid I had no games except for chop suey , when I got it , there were some tech problems , but my dad was able to run it . There are different modes like the normal where you learn about the pannel rules . My favorite mode is where you get to build your own structure . It crashes sometimes though . Mine is coming and I 'll right an updated review .
 OK , sorry , I 've been vectoring line art since 1990 . My current machine is an AMD Athlon XP with the 333 FSB , 1 Gig ram & 80 Gig HD shared on network & a 40 Gig HD for software , OS is XPpro , it 's 2 years old I think . I installed three cathode ray tubes , you know ; big boxy monitors , the largest of which is a 21 inch monster right in my face all day . I read the reviews here and started `` Quaking '' in my boots ! Oops I said to myself , and I looked up my previous day 's purchases for the new Artist I just hired . Sure enough ; I bought CS2 for the new machine . So I downloaded the 30 day trial for Illustrator CS2 Upyours , I mean Upgrade . Replacing my old Illustrator 8.01 These kids I 've been interviewing made me think I should take a look outside MY CAVE ! So I got it loaded up and sure enough ; it takes longer to load than my old corrupted rusty buddy ; Illustrator 8.01 , about twice as long . -LRB- so leave it running -RRB- !!!!!!!!! BUT WOW !!!!!!! I should have done this sooner , or should I have ? As soon as It was running Illustrator CS2 AUTO UPDATED ITSELF.It wanted it 's Adobe Bridge fixed up . So I let it . This is just exactly what people have been complaining about . ******** THE BRIDGE IS FIXED ********* WAY SUPER COOL DUDE ! I keep the Bridge open on the right monitor and I can drag art into Illustrator CS2 at lightning speed . The whole time I get to see super big previews of all the artwork I need to work with . Way better than XPpro 's little thumbnails.LIVE TRACE
 Nobody , and I mean NObody , could be more of an Illustrator novice & ignoramus than I. Several months ago I was given a licensed copy of Illustrator 9 that a departing coworker had used . Wanting a chance to design the departmental logo that otherwise would 've gone to an agency , I raised my figurative hand and volunteered for duty . Having taught myself everything from MS-DOS to TurboCAD , to Photoshop Elements , not to mention Word , Excel , and Powerpoint -LRB- do n't get me started on that latter program , argh -RRB- , I figured I could tackle at least the basics of Illustrator 9 . Loaded it on my laptop , took it home for a weekend ... and just about lost my sanity -- and several fingernails -- trying to learn that confounding program . I managed to produce a few logos , one of which was chosen . But egads , what a big , stinky bear Illustrator 9 was to wrestle.When I saw that CS2 had this Live Trace feature , I pleaded with my workplace Santa to get it for me , and WOW ! What an overall improvement !! Illustrator will still not be as intuitive to pick up as an MS Office product , but this comes darn close . With CS2 , they 've given us `` hot tips '' -- little clues about what some of the tools do , that pop up when you mouse over the tool . The intuitive menus are nice too . Also cool is that all the text & paragraph and fill & stroke features , which used to be huge boxes taking up valuable real estate on the screen , are now condensed up on a small horizontal toolbar , like in the Office products ... and when you mouse over them , the screen tips tell you how to expand them . Aaaahh ! Finally some help for dunces like me.Live Trace and Live Paint are unbelieveably cool . The very first thing I did after loading CS2 was to grab a . jpg photo of a soccer ball off Google Images , and within 20 minutes , without consulting any book or online Help , I 'd converted it into a simple graphic image painted into the 2 colors I wanted.But as for a great guidebook , the reviewer who suggested Illustrator Visual Quickstart guide by Elaine Weinmann was dead-on . I 've bought several other `` highly rated '' books to try to help me through the quagmire of Adobe products , so I 've seen them all . The Visual Quickstart book does n't have any of that insufferable `` wanna-be-a-comic-novel-author '' writing , and focuses just on the basics . And it 's very literal , with step-by-step instructions . Still there 's no substitute for the utterly excruciating process of learning Illustrator through experience . But the Weinmann book 's better than any I 've seen yet.The only reason I have n't given this product a 5 is because it still does n't have the intuitiveness that it needs . In that way it 's still `` snobby '' -- aimed at pros , not folks like me who need to do occasional stuff but not for a living . But this is a far , far , far cry better than Illustrator 9 . Absolutely worth the money , just for Live Trace and Live Paint alone .
 I was waiting for CS2 after using the CS . There are too many problems in CS . And I am very happy with CS2 now . The software is a lot easier to use , less problems . I have been using illustrator since illustrator 4 . CS2 is definitly better than ever !!
 This product arrived in a short time and was able to use right out of the box .
 This new version of Illustrator is great , glad I upgraded ! The Live Trace feature is cool !
 Came quickly , was factory sealed , loaded-up as it should.Thanks : Dale Tollefson
 Not bad , however , in Version 10 , was able to use CNTRL + to zoom in . Used the + on the number pad -- now this function does n't work , and the only + that works is that in the top row of the keyboard . The zoom out '' - '' in the number pad still works , but not the plus . I say that 's not good.Why ruin things with an upgrade .
 This product is very easy to work with and contains simple steps for installation . Has never given me a problem when connecting to Lotus Notes . Highly recommend it .
 I love my programs by HerSoft . I am keeping up with my toddlers busy life by scrapbooking it with this program . It is wonderful and so easy to use ! I recommend it to everyone who has a `` little darling '' that would never give you the time to cut and paste . I can complete a page in 10 to 20 minutes and still have plenty of time to capture more precious moments to put into new pages !
 I teach computer information systems for a living and I tell my students you can not partition a drive with data on it . I am also highly skeptical about any product that makes the claim that you can . V-Communications has changed all that with Partition Commander.Partition Commander is easy to install , although I highly recommend that you back up you drive first . Also included is the undo feature , which resets your drive in the event you no longer desire Partition Commander installed.There 's a host of feature with this product , from working with drive larger than 8.4 GB to working with any OS , I tested this with Windows 95 , 98 and Windows NT and there were no errors or problems during the install , the undo feature worked great as well.Also Partition Commander will reclaim unused disk space , which is always a plus . The cost is minimal and the users manual is very helpful . Overall V-Communications has made the technically complex very easy for everyone .
 You work for a company with DOS , Windows 3.1 , Windows 95 version A , 95 OSR2 , 98 1st and 2nd editions , Windows NT , Linux , OS/2 Warp installed on many pcs , you ca n't afford to buy several pcs to keep up , what do you do to solve this problem?Well if you like me , you grab a copy of Deluxe System Command install it on one pc and have all those operating systems in one location . V-Communications is the expert when it comes to multiple operating system applications and Deluxe System Commander is the perfect example.The application allows for multiple OS-es in one partition , over 100 different operating systems , universal mouse support , password security , file management and so much more . For the price and the convenience you have an unbeatable combination.Couple all that with another of V-Communications products , Partition Commander , and you 'll be the talk of the IS department . I found this product to safe and easy to install and use . As a computer instructor , this is one product that will certainly come in handy !
 This is SUCH a great program . I use it for practically all the pages in my scrapbooks . It is user friendly , and very easy to learn how to use . It is absolutely my favorite scrapbooking accessory !!
 I had been looking for a scrapbook creator software program for a long time and am so happy I purchased this one . With little ones who has time for all those pens , scissors , stickers and paper mess . This is the best program I 've found for computer scrapbooking . You can create a one of a kind page in minutes with cute font & with a good printer , these pages print beautifully ! If you just want to buy it to print pages and cute clipart to add to your `` traditional style scrapbooks '' its great for that too . You can also add your own CLIPART that you have downloaded to your computer and that comes in handy when you may have a more detailed theme . But the clipart in this program is great and abundant too . I was also happy that I can create not only great greeting cards but the envelopes too ! THANK YOU THANK YOU . Finally what I 've been looking for !
 I have been in the computer business for over ten years and backing up my data is one of the most important things I do every day . My first line of thought is to use a tape backup , but what if you do n't have one ? What if like myself all you have is a zip drive , then what ? V Communications may have your answer.AutoSave is small but highly effective backup tool that provides you with an opportunity to save yourself major headaches in the event of a system crash . This easy to install and configure application is well worth the money you 'll spend.The users manual is small but gives you just about everything you 'll need to know in order to be up and running in no time , my installation time was just over five minutes . The application has two outstanding features , first the ActiveBack , which allows you to back up files while you are working on them.Secondly , AutoSave works with just about any device , from tape backups to Zip , Jaz and LSL drives . AutoSave is fully Windows 95 & 98 as well as network compatible . V-Communications has made data backup a real snap with AutoSave .
 It did the trick , i did n't need all the fancy stuff the other ones had .
 A caveat
 Was very glad to find this out of date software . I love this program and was upset when I lost it due to computer error . It makes the best business cards and is very easy to use . Thanks to the seller for a smooth transaction and a great product .
 THIS IS GREAT WAY TO SAVE LOADS OF TIME IF YOU DO ALOT OF MAILING , FOR PERSONAL OR SMALL BUSINESS USERS THIS ADDRESS DATABASE IS SIMPLE TO USE , FLEXIBLE AND ALLOWS YOU TO NOT ONLY MAINTAIN YOUR ADDRESS KNOWLEDGE BASE BUT IT IS SIMPLE TO IMPORT DATA IN NEARLY ANY COMPUTER INFORMATION FORMAT , PERFECT FOR THOSE WHO ARE DOING MASS MAILING TO GET A BUSINESS GOING . I HAVE USED IT FOR REAL ESTATE MAILING AND I 'M SURE I HAVE SAVED HUNDREDS OF HOURS , -LRB- IF IT WOULD ONLY LIKE THE ENVELOPES , IT WOULD BE PERFECT SOFTWARE -RRB-
 This program is easy to use as an address book and quick reference on the computer ... however , I 've yet to figure out how to make decent size labels for Christmas cards .
 Not bad , and easy to use . It has a simple layout . However , I can not figure out how to add the shipping cost to the invoice . Any ideas ?
 The Item is very good has helped my secretary keep good records , I recomend that people use this item to keep good track of incoices . Please I need some help I have difficulty backing up the files . I follow the instructions and it seems that the file has been backed up but when I try to open the flopy in an other computger I get an error '' file can not be opend % SPE not found , ThanksCarlos
 If you want Professional Business Cards fast - this is the program .
 I ordered Proventure Greeting Cards , and I am pretty satisfied with them . There are alot of different card and letter designs to choose from . Also , you get some free new cliparts for your computer . I gave this product 4 stars , beacuse I was expecting a few more borders and designs , but there was a good number of them . There was enough variety of the cards to use for different , personalized cards , though .
 I have a small business and wanted a database software program that could help me organize information and keep track of my customers . This software product works great for me and my needs .
 A very functional beginner software program that can handle most business needs for small databases in all sizes of companies . It is simple to use and to learn . What it lacks is even simple look-up functions that you were able to get with the older versions of Filemaker Pro -LRB- I suspect you can script these `` look-up '' fields , but it is not intuitive -RRB- . I have assigned it to a number of my courses .
 Just the neatest and easiest program for `` designing your own things '' ... Love the LQQK of expensive graphic designs - you can achieve this with this simple to use program.I love it - I use it often - and it has made my auction ads + web page designs AAA + + + . Does the work of an expensive graphic design program at a very affordable cost - makes this program even MORE ENJOYABLE!Don ' t delay - get yours today ! Order thru Amazon now ...
 I 'm a teacher and I use this program ALL the time . It helps me create posters with interesting font and there are so many to choose from . What you need to understand is that this is not a word processing program . You create a word in the fancy font and it becomes like a piece of clip art . You can then copy it and paste it into Word or Appleworks .
 I like shade 7 because you have so many ways to create things , you can outline a photo and bring it to life , draw a character and let shade bring it to life , or you can just use regular block modeling . Though this program is not without its faults . The main problem is actually learning to use it . But once you get the hang of it the possibilities are endless . In the end I give this program a 8 out of 10 stars , because even though it 's a great modeling tool , they should have included better instructions .
 This is a program that has lots of history ... in Japan . Being so , it has developed outside the influence of other 3d programs . The natural result is that the way you work in Shade is quite different from other 3d programs . However , this is used to its advantage , as you will find out if you stick to the program and keep an open mind.The way of doing things in Shade is very consistent , the procedure is the same for everything . So once you understand how to do A , learning to do B , C , D , and all the way to X will become second nature .
 The Chinese Language Kit allows your Mac to display Chinese files and web sites in Chinese characters and it allows you to type Chinese too . It does not translate text from English to Chinese or vice-versa so knowledge of Chinese is very helpful . This language kit is now included in MacOS 9 . Update
 HyperCard is an application unlike most others . What it does is , it lets you build your own tools . For your own purposes . The way you want them to work . It would n't be inappropriate to compare HyperCard to MS Visual Basic , because both of them * do * pretty much the same thing ; the difference is * how * they do it.Visual Basic veils its power behind cryptic dialog boxes and unforgiving syntax ; HyperCard goes out of its way to make its power * accessible * to the user , with a minimum of fuss and bother . With Visual Basic , you 're pretty much * required * to muck around with a semi-arcane programming language if you want to get * anything * done ; with HyperCard , the English-like language -LRB- HyperTalk -RRB- is something you can * choose * to delve into when you decide you want to do * more * than you were already doing.Here 's a concrete example of the HyperTalk languge ; a `` handler '' -LRB- mini-program -RRB- which lets you move something around by clicking and dragging.on mouseDownrepeat until the mouse is upset the location of me to the mouseLocend repeatend mouseDownAs I said , HyperTalk is rather English-like . If you can figure out how and why this handler does its thing , congratulations -- you 're ready to start `` rolling your own '' with HyperCard ! Bad news
 Oh , HyperCard ! Alas , HyperCard ! Poor , misunderstood , underappreciated HyperCard . It 's a floor polish . It 's a salad dressing . It 's ... -LRB- SNAP ! -RRB- oops , sorry . Got a bit carried away there.How to describe HyperCard is a problem which has perplexed better minds than mine . Suffice to say that if you 're looking for a better way to create specialized applications for your Macintosh , you could do worse than to try HyperCard , Apple 's amazing `` Software Construction Kit '' . At first glance , HyperCard is a remarkably flexible database manager built on the `` index card '' metaphor . But with the judicious use of HyperTalk , HyperCard 's built in scripting language , it 's much more . Using myself as an example , with little prior programming experience I put together a simple but elegant application which I use to track and sort qualifying results and starting lineups for my local Speedway , and I 'm currently working on an animated game to help teach my five year old son how to draw his letters . Others have done much more , and plenty of examples can be found all over the Internet . Most of these `` stacks '' you can use for free ; such is the HyperCard developers ' ethic.Yes , HyperCard does have its limitations . Its color tools are somewhat lacking , and its last significant update was quite some time ago . Reports would have it officially `` dead '' as far as Apple is concerned , which for all intents and purposes means no further development . And while HyperTalk is rather intuitive , it is still a programming language with at least a slight learning curve . And programming can be WORK . Intellectually challenging , yes , but work nonetheless.But so what ? If you use only the stacks that come with it , you 'll get your money 's worth from HyperCard . And I suspect you 'll do more , lots more . Its capabilities as a multimedia presentation tool should be more than obvious , and consider that the fabulous `` Myst '' was created using HyperCard . You 'll likely find a use for it in most every portion of your computer life . And when you do , you 'll question as so many already have how such a far-sighted company such as Apple could ever neglect such a useful , powerful , and -- let 's face it -- inexpensive tool such as HyperCard .
 This is a great piece of software for many uses : - learning fundamentals of programming - creating your own custom software - developing applications for profitVery easy to learn : - You can create simple software without writing any code - The scripting language built-in is very powerful and also very intuitive -LRB- the syntax is very english-like -RRB- - All of the objects and code are re-usable so you can repurpose works you have made and share -LRB- or borrow -RRB- from othersPolished , and powerful features : - Integrate color graphics , sound , and quicktime movies -LRB- Myst was created with HyperCard -RRB- - Control other software and share data - Extend the language with a wide range of external commands and functions
 Oh , HyperCard ! Alas , HyperCard ! Poor , misunderstood , underappreciated HyperCard . It 's a floor polish . It 's a salad dressing . It 's ... -LRB- SNAP ! -RRB- oops , sorry . Got a bit carried away there.How to describe HyperCard is a problem which has perplexed better minds than mine . Suffice to say that if you 're looking for a better way to create specialized applications for your Macintosh , you could do worse than to try HyperCard , Apple 's amazing `` Software Construction Kit '' . At first glance , HyperCard is a remarkably flexible database manager built on the `` index card '' metaphor . But with the judicious use of HyperTalk , HyperCard 's built in scripting language , it 's much more . Using myself as an example , with little prior programming experience I put together a simple but elegant application which I use to track and sort qualifying results and starting lineups for my local Speedway , and I 'm currently working on an animated game to help teach my five year old son how to draw his letters . Others have done much more , and plenty of examples can be found all over the Internet . Most of these `` stacks '' you can use for free ; such is the HyperCard developers ' ethic.Yes , HyperCard does have its limitations . Its color tools are somewhat lacking , and its last significant update was quite some time ago . Reports would have it officially `` dead '' as far as Apple is concerned , which for all intents and purposes means no further development . And while HyperTalk is rather intuitive , it is still a programming language with at least a slight learning curve . And programming can be WORK . Intellectually challenging , yes , but work nonetheless.But so what ? If you use only the stacks that come with it , you 'll get your money 's worth from HyperCard . And I suspect you 'll do more , lots more . Its capabilities as a multimedia presentation tool should be more than obvious , and consider that the fabulous `` Myst '' was created using HyperCard . You 'll likely find a use for it in most every portion of your computer life . And when you do , you 'll question as so many already have how such a far-sighted company such as Apple could ever neglect such a useful , powerful , and -- let 's face it -- inexpensive tool such as HyperCard .
 I gave 4 to it because it is n't really has all the options running properly under OS X , but it works and provides GOOD training .
 version 9 is by far the easiest and fastest of the bunch . if in doubt , use the wizards . it can create , resize , and even format partitions for your swap file as well as a seperate partion to store a backup image using norton ghost utilities . for the large hard drive buffs , store all your data in one partition and keep the system partition clean and defragged often with a small section . it has been a real sweet set of tools ! thanks V-COM
 Last time I used Partition Commander was version 6 . Yes , I had an issue where I lost a partition , but I became well aware of the program after that.Bought Version 9 -LRB- even after reading the reviews -RRB- because I bought a Dell laptop and for some reason Dell thinks I like a 80 GB drive all in one partition . Thinking I had nothing to lose since the laptop is so new , I bought Partition Commander 9 and installed it . I too chose NOT to use the 2 floppies , and install continued fine for me . I chose NOT to install or use System Commander because I did n't want to have that as a boot loader.For the single purpose of breaking my one drive into 3 , I rebooted the laptop and went to work in the familiar interface that I was used to in Version 6 . After making the changes , exited out , rebooted and expected the worst due to the previous reviews here . XP booted with no issues and I now have 3 partitions.This is one program that one needs to get to know first before doing anything . Just like any other partitioning program , one mistake can cost alot.For me , I 'm quite happy with my choice . It was $ 20 after rebates and it did just what I wanted it to do .
 Used this to add unused space on my D
 I 've had several versions of Partition Commander , and have twice had to email for help , and my experiences differ from several expressed on this site . I have not used the multiple OS BOOT tools , and I have not used Recovery Commander , so you need to look elsewhere for reports on those.What I have used extensively are the tools for splitting disks into several partitions , changing filing systems from FAT to NTFS , resizing partitions , changing cluster sizes , moving data onto new disks and recovering data from disks that have crashed . I am currently using PC9 , and it does all that the manual says it will do . It may be that those who have had bad experiences with this have not read the manual before diving in . Any tool that reads and writes directly to the surface of the disk can be dangerous.My experience has been uniformly positive . The most recent correspondence with technical support came when the power failed while I was enlarging a partition , and the machine would not boot when it came on again . Technical support were prompt and patient with email advice . Although the correspondence stretched over several days because I was working in a very different time zone , I do not think that any of their responses took more then 3-4 working hours . They first got me back into Windows , had me run a diagnostic programme , then had me change values directly on the disk . Despite having had the power go off mid operation , I suddenly had an entire partition reappear , complete with 11,328 files in 800 + folders . Any software that can recover this way meets with my complete approval !
 Good experience from the gitgo . Product arrived rapidly from Amazon . Program did everything I wanted , and more . I am not a computer expert and the manual was a bit `` above '' me . The equalizer was their excellent tech support . I have talked to them at least five times finding them pleasant , knowledgable and understandable . A welcome departure from the tech support from some other companies that have outsourced their tech support to foreign countries.I give their program and support and big plus.JOJ
 I wanted to establish partitions for my new laptop to separate my OS , programs , files , etc. . I wanted to do this not only to organize my hard drive , but also because my old laptop had a C :\ , E :\ & F :\ I had to have the same configuration in order to migrate applications using PC Mover . The product allowed me to do this easily . The interface is very easy to understand and if I should want to dynamically change partition sizes or create a partition in the future I am confident I can do this without any problems .
 I 've had no problems with this software , and although I was a bit dubious , I found that this product works better than G-Parted . The built in System Commander was a bit buggy , but that part of program not essential to creating or resizing partitions , which this very capably handled . Great product for the price -- I got it for less than 10 bucks .
 My father got me this after having a good experience with it . He had a booting problem and was able to fix it by booting up with PC 8.0 . I build computers and I used it to upgrade a my PC . I had Windows XP -LRB- which in my opinion is a dinosaur , get into Linux if you have a chance -RRB- in an old 20Gb hard drive . I was able to transfer -LRB- using the Copy Commander on PC 9.0 -RRB- the OS and program files to a SATA 160Gb HD easily . It is also useful to partition new HDs before adding them to your system .
 Evaluatiing VCOM Partition Commander Ver . 9 . I really liked this program . I 've used a much earlier Partition Magic that is out of date for most machines.My reason for purchase was to install Windows NT on a machine so that I could evaluate a developer version of MS SQL Server -LRB- 6.5 -RRB- . Partitioning your hard drive is not to be done without some basic knowlege of disk structure . It 's not rocket science now , but its complicated enough so you should read the manual -LRB- paper manual in this version -RRB- thoroughly . Take the installation disk out of the package and you are advised to install it in Windows -LRB- my machine has Win ME on it -RRB- . A caveat . My system had Windows ME installed as a single partition . Since I wanted to install Windows NT 4.0 , I clicked on install new OS . This did not work . The manual does not tell you what to do in this frankly average case . Instead of installing a new OS , you will first have to resize your current partition . You are essentially reducing the space allocated so that your current OS disk space is made smaller and the remaining space is made available to the new OS . Once you resize , you will see your current OS and new free space that was created when you resized the drive . The manual does n't mention this . But once you create this extra space , the remaining steps will be clear.I resized the partition and then clicked on Install a new OS . -LRB- There are some potential intermediate steps here , but I wo n't go into them -RRB- . To add the new OS , I suggest that use the `` Install a new OS '' menu -LRB- once you have resized -RRB- , instead of resorting to the manual install method.I then installed Windows NT 4.0 . Windows NT did not recognze my network card although there was a driver listed . I tried to install MS Sql Server -LRB- a developer version -RRB- , but it does n't work either!Someone suggested I postpone my this and try out a Linux system on the same hard drive . I downloaded Ubuntu.Partition Commander created an extra partition for NT . I did n't understand that it had loaded itself -LRB- partition Commander -RRB- into a separate partition . You can create up to 4 partitions on your hard drive . I now had Windows ME , Windows NT , and now Partition Commander . 3 partitions were occupied . Then comes Ubuntu . I did not know that Ubuntu needs 2 partitions
 I installed Retrospect Express and as soon as it finished it asked me to create a backup . It is all automated and within minutes I had started my first backup to CD-RW .
 Over the past seven years I have successfully started four software companies.I now spend most of my time looking over young company 's business plans . A majority of these plans do not look too good.I have been instructing the authors of these plans to purchase this software and to use the Jian product to correctly remake their plans.The end results are without fail nice pieces of work . The product is very easy to use , gives great suggestions on format and context , and has done a great job in helping to make professional looking business plans .
 I used BizPlanBuilder to raise millions to build a 1st class -LRB- NBC -RRB- TV station . And I got the equipment manufacturers to underwrite the largest cost . The business plan convinced them that it made sense . The bankers said it was the best business plan they 'd ever seen .
 At the end of 1991 I decided to start a company . I had an idea and had previous experience but was having difficulty organizing my thoughts . I found it especially difficult to articulate my plan in a manner that would attract investors and the bank . I purchased BizPlan Builder and developed my plan . There is a lot of detail in between , but , to get to the point ... my plan , thanks to BizPlanBuilder , became a multi-million dollar company located in five states , went public in 1996 and recently sold to a larger public company for more than $ 75,000,000 .
 We used biz plan and bought a building . Our bankers said they do n't normally see so much depth in a business plan . Our past financials were n't going to qualify us for the building but because we had a strong business plan and projections that did it . Most people do n't realize this .
 As Manager of Corporate Market Research for Hughes Aircraft , I 've found that BizPlanBuilder is an invaluable resource , taking prodigious volumes of input from globally dispersed field marketers and crafting workable business plans in astonishingly short periods of time . BizPlanBuilder is a must for anyone working to coalesce the thinking of multinational business teams !
 When I worked at Nation 's Bank , I was very successful articulating a project that I was working on within the bank thanks to BizPlanBuilder ... I am a good example of intrapreneurship -LRB- using the business plan and being entrepreneurial within a large organization -RRB- , and I think Nation 's Bank should offer BizPlanBuilder to their small business customers !
 This program is great.It is made for the JavaScript and Web Page creators of the world that KNOW HOW TO CODE ! This is not a visual program . It is a glorified NOTEPAD for users to look at code , and quickly test via a one touch F8 . Flip back and forth from your code to its output instantly . Worried about browsers ... . Scriptbuilder lets you integrade IE or Netscape right in to test using their engines.I 've used it for JavaScript over the past 4 years and its still my favorite development tool.It has tons of room for advanced users who want some 1 touch code generation . I can see you cringing ! Do n't . This book lets you click a button that generates -LRB- clean -RRB- code to do such things as rolovers , buttons , form elements etc. . The beauty of it is that you are right there to change the code , names etc to your specific demands . The best part is that its not too over imposing like other `` code generators '' that shove Meta tags in touting the fact that the page was created by `` it '' and not YOU . No unwanted code !!! I suggest this tool over any other web development tool out there for the advanced user who knows HTML and JavaScript.Fully deserving of 5 stars .
 My daughter , 6 , loves this game . The graphics are fun and entertaining . She loves receiving the certificate at the end . My only complaint is that you once you play this game , no new clues are found . It would be nice to play again with another set of clues .
 My son is only three and a half , so my husband bought the game with the intention of saving it until our son was older . I got it out for him , and even though it is rated for ages 6-10 , it is one of our son 's favorites . Given that he ca n't read , I had to help him at first , but once I showed him where to click to get the riddles read to him , he could play independently -LRB- for hours on end -RRB- . I keep two different user files -- one of a completed game so that he can make all seven ghosts -LRB- which requires completing the game -RRB- ; and one uncompleted , so when he completes puzzles the skeleton gives him new puzzle pieces . Other reviewers said that the game was not interesting once played through , but we have not found that to be the case . Our son was _ more _ interested in the repetition once he 'd got the hang of it . Also , of all the games we have , this is the most pleasant and interesting for the adult helping the child .
 My daughter was five years old when we bought this for her , and while some of the items were difficult for her to find she loved looking at everything and figuring out which items moved when touched . The game helped her to look at things from a different perspective , such as bat being both an animal and a sports object , and especially loved the attic flashlight search . Since she was n't very comfortable with her reading skills when she first started playing this I was glad that the search items were spoken for her , but now she loves making her own search pages . I thought she might get tired of it after she had completed the puzzle , but she plays it quite often still , and now works at completing the entire puzzle faster each time . This software is a great way of masking a learning game !
 Two kids at heart played the whole way thru this game and loved it ... it was a bit easy for us , but the effects were amusing and impressive . After we tape the box up and give it to our niece , we are going to order one to have here at the house for any big kids who come to visit .
 I bought this for my nephew when he was 6 , and even now -LRB- he 's 8 -RRB- he enjoys it . Slightly spooky -LRB- complete with screams and halloween music -RRB- and challenging even with repeated playings , this game is rewarding for a 6-8 year old to play alone , but we also had a lot of fun figuring out the puzzles together . The combination of deductive reasoning -LRB- in the clues -RRB- and great graphics makes this an educational and addictive game .
 This is one fantastic CD ... that I would not call a game , at least in the typical sense . I `` worked '' with my 6-year-old daughter , through the various rooms , and we were constantly challenged by the clues and really had to think to successfully think through the riddles . We spent a couple of hours as she would say `` working as a team . '' Great product ... stretch the thinking process ... definitely a `` recommend '' for friends .
 My 7 year old daughter absolutely loves this . The game asks the child to type their name in the beginning to `` sign in , '' and then the name appears incorporated in the graphics throughout the game . As my daughter is a beginning reader , we both appreciate the feature that `` reads '' the list of items to be found aloud . I would recommend this game as a quiet alternative to the loud , intense-motion titles that abound .
 My daughter -LRB- almost 7 years old -RRB- can not get enough of this wonderful game ! It is extremely well done and I ca n't take myself away from watching her play it -LRB- and occasionally helping her ! -RRB- I highly recommend this I Spy game .
 ... a wonderful learning experience for my grandson . The I SPY series first got his attention at the library , and became his favorite , so I ordered him his own copy !
 I purchased this item for my grandchildren -LRB- ages 10 through 5 -RRB- . I played it first so that I would be able to answer any questions that they might have . A couple of the puzzles stumped me at first but , over all , this is a wonderful game ! Fun graphics . `` Create a Ghost '' is really fun . Very kid friendly , and Grandma friendly also !
 This windows Cd is fun and challenging . My son loves it ! Delivery time was good and very satisfied with item .
 In reading the review from Angry Dad , I thought it best to give the `` workaround '' for the running of this game under Windows XP . **** WARNING **** THIS FIX INVOLVES SETTING A PERMISSION IN THE REGISTRY . FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS EXPLICITLY AND YOU WILL HAVE NO PROBLEMS . I OFFER NO WARRANTY IN THESE INSTRUCTIONS AND WILL NOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY MALFUNCTIONS THAT ARE CAUSED EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY AS A RESULT OF THIS FIX **** WARNING **** ... now ... that being said . In our household , kids do not get administrator access either . I found the fix to be quite simple tho ... Log into the machine as an adminitratorSTART - > RUN - > REGEDITnavigate the following keysHKEY_LOCAL_MACHINESOFTWARESCHOLASTIC INCwhen you are there , RIGHT-CLICK on the SCHOLASTIC INC entry and select PERMISSIONSfrom there , highlight USERS and give FULL PERMISSIONS.This will allow the game to write to this singular registry `` hive '' whenever it needs to.I will be checking back to see if this has been helpful . **** WARNING **** THIS FIX INVOLVES SETTING A PERMISSION IN THE REGISTRY . FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS EXPLICITLY AND YOU WILL HAVE NO PROBLEMS . I OFFER NO WARRANTY IN THESE INSTRUCTIONS AND WILL NOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY MALFUNCTIONS THAT ARE CAUSED EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY AS A RESULT OF THIS FIX **** WARNING **** Adam NorrisMCSE , MCSA
 I really liked this game because it takes time , it 's fun , and entertaining!I play this game a lot because i love it!it is great!I would definetly buy it i i were you !
 I bought this product for my son when he was five and a half . He already owned all the I Spy books at the time , & the software seemed like a natural compliment to that interest . Plus , the Halloween theme was timely , and the price was right . He loved it right away & was continuously challenged at the varying levels of difficulty & wide variety of activities in the program . A full year later , he is still enjoying it at the highest levels & never gets bored with it -- he is great at these types of computer activities -LRB- like all 61/2 yr . olds now ! -RRB- and still finds that this program challenges & entertains him ! Highly recommend it , great value , excellent thinking & reading skills development .
 9,7 & 5 year olds love to play it alone or together . Even after playing it numerous times , it still challenges and intrigues the kids . Mom & Dad look forward to kids bedtime so we can play it .
 My 7 year old son got this game for Xmas and he loves it !!! It was the easiest way to get him away from the TV and he had loads of fun playing it . It 's a great tool as the kids have to pay close attention to everything on the screen -- it 's even more valuable to kids who need to focus on doing an activity for longer than they are used to .
 This game was given to my son as a gift . Although it is directed towards older kids my two year old son loves it.This is not something he can play by himself , he sits on my lap and I help him when it gets to be too hard -LRB- the thing he 's looking for is too small or a play on words -RRB- . However , he can usually find the items and that is what the fun is for him . I do n't let him play on the computer too much so when he gets to it 's a real treat . He particularly likes how it uses his name in the pictures , he can pick his name out a mile away.I like that it really excercises the visual discrimination skills . Certainly this game also encourages reading , thinking , and pre reading skills.Although I would not have bought it for a child so young , it seems to be ok for a short amount of time for my son . I have to admit though that I have really enjoyed it .
 This game is fantastic ! Even though I am a kid of over 40 years of age , I find this product fun and thought provoking . I would recommend it to anyone . Peg
 This is one of the best computer games that my son has ever played . He ca n't get enough of it . He 's just starting kindergarten , so many of the activities in the game reinforce what he is learning in school . Do n't pass this game up ! I actually enjoy playing it with him , and not many games suitable for his age can fit that claim .
 My daughter is a big fan of the I Spy books & just received this CD for her 7th birthday . She could n't wait to get started with this - and is NOT disappointed ! Not only is it a challenge , but I feel it also helps with READING!Feel this is a game the whole family can enjoy .
 My child -LRB- 41/2 -RRB- loved this game . It was challenging for him to find all of the items in every puzzle . It really makes him pay close attention to the detail of every puzzle .
 I have been playing this game with my 5-year-old daughter since I got it last week , it 's a very well-designed game which kept us both highly interested in finding the way out of the mansion . But somehow we ca n't get the last piece of puzzle due to a riddle we ca n't solve
 This is a great game . My son is 6 And plays it regularly , well worth the price ,
 My girls -LRB- ages 5 & 3 -RRB- have enjoyed all of the ' I SPY ' titles for the past 6 months . I thought it might be too difficult since the age range is alot higher , but they can get thru it without any problems . Occassionally they need help finding a single item but otherwise manage on their own . Even my 3 yr old can get it started and play alone with minimal help.My husband and I enjoy playing the games with the kids as well and some items can be very difficult to find , lol.It 's a game for the whole family to enjoy .
 We have both `` I Spy Fantasy '' and `` I Spy Spooky Mansion '' and the kids like both of them . I have run them an iMac -LRB- video chip
 Spooky but not scary - just the way little ones like it to be . Fun for kids and educational at the same time - teaches them to observe and teaches new words as they hunt for unfamiliar , perhaps , objects . Even my 3 year old grandson enjoys this .
 My 5 year old son absolutely loves this game . He can play for hours if we do not limit his computer time . If you love the I Spy series of books , you will love this game . Some of the hidden pictures are very tricky and the `` spooky '' effects are lots of fun .
 This was one of the best programs we have purchased . It provided hours of entertainment for both myself and my 6 year old . True once you are done you are done , but it also provided hours of family fun and reading practice .
 I purchased this game . I am 52 years old and I played it and could n't put it down . It was so much fun ! I played it all afternoon until I was able to get out of the mansion again . This is a game for everyone , not just children . I was disappointed when it ended . The only regret I have is that it does n't have more levels or different themes so that you can play again and again . However , being a child 's game , I guess they do n't do that . Please come out with another one these haunted mansion games with this `` I Spy '' series . Anyone buying this will not be disappointed . My husband and I loved it .
 I am a pediatric occupational therapist who used this game as a fun way to develop eye-hand coordination , visual perception , thinking , and reading skills . They were so motivated ! Unfortunately after you `` win '' the game that is all there is ; not another more challenging level to explore .
 My son had loved the `` I Spy Junior '' game so I thought he might enjoy trying this challenge , recommended for ages 6-10 . He 's 5 but a very strong visual learner with great memory skills . The beauty of this game is it not only plays to his strengths but encourages building lesser skills with words on many levels . My favorite aspects
 Purchased for my grandson 's 5th birthday . Incredibly clever , well designed , plays without a hitch on iMac . He played for over 2 hours the first time out of the box and is still loving it . The adults are fighting over a turn .
 The I Spy computer games are a fantastic concept . They are every bit as entertaining and educational as the books . The game is easy enough for the little ones who can not yet read but CAN click the mouse . The clues are read to you with the click of the mouse ... My daughter who is 6 now was a little bit afraid of the `` SPOOKY MANSION '' theme in the beginning , however she really enjoys playing the game , and plays this one often ... We are planning on purchasing the other I Spy games as soon as possible . I definately recommend this game .
 This information was taken from Scholastic 's Technical Support website.This program will run in Classic Mode -LRB- OS 9.0 -RRB- on Macintosh Computers with OS X and OS 9.0 installed . However , the program is not compatible with OS X Macintosh Computers which do not have OS 9.0 installed . Please note that some new machines will not allow the installation of OS 9 . If you have a computer that is not compatible , please follow the instructions below to get an exchange for a different title of equal value , or we will refund your purchase price . -LRB- Dealers , distributors , and their employees are not eligible . -RRB- Simply follow these steps :1 . Return complete package -LRB- box , disc , and user 's guide -RRB- within 30 days of purchase .2 . Include store receipt .3 . Indicate your choice of alternate Scholastic CD-ROM title or request a full refund .4 . Indicate that you are returning the product because it is not compatible with OS X. 5 . Mail to : Scholastic Inc.Retail Software Group 568/9557 BroadwayNew York , NY 10012-3999
 9,7 & 5 year olds love to play it alone or together . Even after playing it numerous times , it still challenges and intrigues the kids . Mom & Dad look forward to kids bedtime so we can play it .
 I bought this game for my 3 year old daughter for Christmas along with the I Spy Junior edition . She also owns the I Spy Junior Puppet Playhouse . She had gotten so good at the Junior games , I thought we 'd try something a little more advanced.Although some of the clues are difficult for her to find , we have had more fun playing it together . Sometimes she will surprise me and find something even I ca n't find . It 's been a blast.I 'm going to have to try the `` Treasure Hunt '' version .
 This is a great game . My grandson age 7 loved it when he played a demo . I purchased it from someone on amazon 2 months before Christmas and when Christmas got here the cd was badly scratched or something and would not play . It was too late to return . Good thing I did n't pay much for it .
 I love this , and I am not in the child age group at all . I am an adult . But is sure was fun . PLEASE make more just like this one . It is absolutely excellent !!!
 This computer game is my favorite ! In the game you find ingredients to make certain ghosts . The levels are a little hard though . If you are good at spying it does n't take very long to finish this game . This game is totally sweet !!! Ryan age 9
 My kids -LRB- 4 and 7 yrs old -RRB- love this game . The haunted house element of this game adds a nice twist that makes this game even more fun than the other I Spy games . These games also have some educational value and are fun to play with multiple players or with the entire family . Highly recommended .
 We just love this game ! I bought it for my 6 year old daughter and we play it together , but alot of the time I end up playing it alone because it is so much fun . The skeleton 's dialog is clever and entertaining . Our favorite part of the game is where you can make up your own riddle puzzles then print them out . Boy I wish I had that job ! What fun ! There are hours of entertainment in this game folks ! Try it for yourselves !
 My daughter absolutely loves this software . Admittedly , I got it in French , to get her to work on her French and not forget it , and it has worked exceptionally well for that . But for general users , it is also good to motivate children to read and work on a very very complex puzzle that is visually fascinating and downright , well , spooky . They will want to do it over and over and over.It is a superb mix of play and reading exercise , in addition to some training in logic . One of the best I have seen .
 I am an adult , We own the books for I Spy , and I enjoy playing these games ! Although these books and gaes are for younger people they stand the test for age !! Thanks !!
 This game was wonderful it gives you alot of hours of fun . Children love this game . Hints are given to help children along with the game .
 Received product on time , in condition promised , and product works in the manner intended . Ca n't ask for more than that . Thanks .
 ... History has show that within the first 5 yrs . most small businesses go belly up . Buying one of these more expensive small business products only adds to this problem . Where is the american dream ? Is it gone already ? Wallstreet may surely think so . It feels like October 1929 again . It is probably not the best product , but it will serve my needs . I am starting a paintball business and I surely need some worksheets and the like . Perhaps I can get this one for free if my entry is good enough . Its cheap but honest . Has honesty been bought out lately ? I hope not . Saying goes that cheap stuff ends up being expensive . I hope not or else someone will have to sue these guys and then the joke is on them . Oh well , good luck ... who said that?Daniel
 My son is a few months shy of three , and his loves I Spy Junior . There are enough different games to play to keep him interested for an extended length of time -LRB- up to 30 minutes -RRB- , and he wants to play it again the next day . He has not tired of it yet and we have had it for 2 months -LRB- a long time at this age -RRB- . It has improved his concentration , eye-hand coordination , color and number recognition and how to follow directions . It keeps an adult 's interest , too .
 I teach Kindergarten . My students love the I Spy Books so you can imagine their great delight when I found the software . My ` K ' students love the I Spy Junior to start out with . After they master Jr. they go on to the older version . It is more difficult , but some of them really enjoy the challenge . I recommend these products to any and all .
 The activities in this software are exciting and fun for a child as young as 21/2 years old . Children choose from 6 types of activities that hold their interest . The objects move when they are selected and the animation is life-like and fun to watch . This is an excellent choice if you are looking for your child 's first software program .
 We love all of the I Spy software and books . This one was not a disappointment . All of the I Spy games are simple for the very young child ... So long as they can click the mouse , they can play the game . Clues are read to you so that reading is not necessary . This particular I Spy game is NOT as good as the others in the series , however it is a must have for any I Spy fan !
 My 3 year old loves this software package ! It has 6 different activities that really help with important learning skills for his age group . I Spy has helped with learning to recognize and put together patterns , following directions , and independent thinking ... and it 's fun ! The software uses familiar looking objects , such as colorful toys and beads . Other software packages have left us feeling that there should be more , but we really enjoy I Spy !
 This game would not run on Windows XP out of the box . Scholastic support did not have a solution but I found it would run in compatibility mode.My son loves the games and puzzles . This was a truly great learning game for kids .
 This is a very cute set of games all based on the I Spy books . In one game the kids search for items just like in the book , in another game they sort objects into venn circles . My two going on three year old son enjoys playing this for about a half an hour at a time . This helps develop visual discrimination among other things.Having said all of that , this is one of my least favorite computer games to watch him play . Compared to some of the others he has , I find this one to be a bit boring . But it 's not me that is playing it . I 'd rate it a high four or low five because of this one reason . Otherwise I think it 's a fine set of games.The pictures are excellent . The skills that children learn in these games are good pre reading skills and that is good.Enjoy .
 My son just turned three and this program is perfectly suited to his skills . The six differect games within the program provide a good variety of activities . There 's even one game where you can create you own I Spy page to print out . The oral directions are very clear and simple for little ones who can not yet read.I believe this game is time well spent on the computer . The program presents challenging thinking games and not just mindless flash . We also like the music that introduces and ends the program .
 I like this game a bit more than my kids do . The game is very simple and can be mastered by my pre-schoolers with basic mousing skills . My biggest complaints about the game are -LRB- 1 -RRB- the small number of puzzles causes re-runs during the same session , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the graphics are like 1995 quality and look pretty poor on a newer PC with HD resolution on a 24 '' monitor . An technology update , and a few new puzzles would make this a more appealing offering.That said , I still find the game amusing and mildly educational , and it has been good for helping my 2 year old develop his mousing skills . As for reading coaching , it might help a little , but other games such as ItsaBitsa do a much better job and making small kids think about the connection with printed words on the screen and speech .
 This was great for my 31/2 yr old . He can explore all by himself . He loves that it 's similar to big brother 's I Spy games . Things make silly noises when he clicks them to add interest and entertain .
 This game is based on the popular Walter Wick `` I Spy '' books , and it does n't disappoint . My daughter is very fond of both . The recommended ages for the game are 3-5 , but if your young one can use a mouse and listen , I imagine he will enjoy the game . A child 's voice narrates , the text -LRB- written in the style of the books -RRB- is highlighted and encourages reading , and there are animated rewards once the hidden object is found -LRB- and clicked -RRB- , so the game can be used as a learning tool . If your child is terribly clever he may complete the puzzles -LRB- there are a few -RRB- quickly , as did my daughter -LRB- newly age five -RRB- ; but so far she has not become bored playing again and again . Older children might zip through the puzzles and not feel compelled to play again , since they are limited and do not change . Perfect for a preschooler .
 This is a great first game to introduce the computer and teach kids how to use a mouse . We started with this game when my son was 3 and he caught on pretty quickly . There are several levels of various difficulty but the easiest ones are easy to do . Now that he is 4 he still enjoys playing this but is moving on to more pre-k learning games -LRB- I highly recommend Dr. Seuss Kindergarten too for age 4 !!! -RRB- Overall though , this is a great way for really young kids to learn how to use a computer !!!
 My 3 yr odl daughter loves this game . Great educational value . She really enjoys it and it is easy to navigate for little ones .
 Our 4 year old son really likes I Spy books and this CD is a great transition to more challenging activities . He mastered the seek and find section immediately , but still finds the concept of grouping like things a challenge -LRB- these are Venn Diagrams I remember being introduced to in 3rd or 4th grade -RRB- . There is also a section on patterns , which is an area he has studied at preschool earlier this year , but he still finds some of the patterns a challenge , without getting discouraged . I definitely recommend this CD , especially if your preschooler has enjoyed I Spy Books in the past .
 American Idol Extreme music Creator is the awesome thing ! if u are looking for something to make your OWN ORIGINAL music , get this !!! because i wanted it so bad for christmas , i got it , and i WAS NOT disappointed !!! and if u get a PC microphone , which is really cheap , you can record your singing voice and make up lyrics to go with your music you just made !! then u can burn everything to make your own CD , AND you get to publish it !!!! I LOVE IT !!!!
 I found the Extreme Music Maker somewhat easy to use once I got the hang of it . It 's so easy to create your own style of music with all theaccessories and , I liked the `` where my dogs '' track the best . Its so easy to mix N match . . All U wan na be Idols . . this could be for YOU ... As a part time DJ I like the beats and built in bass lines to start my own songs ...
 Safari Adventures is a kid 's game . But even though I am a teen , I still enjoy it.The graphics are very good . The game plays from overhead , and the terrain looks beautiful , although the animal models look a little choppy . I especially liked the water.You start at the main menu , and from there you can either exit or start the game . If you start the game , you can either load a previously saved game or start a new one . Then you can choose whether you be Alex -LRB- a little boy -RRB- or Emma -LRB- a little girl -RRB- . Personally , I like Alex better because he looks better -LRB- kind of cute and cool-looking -RRB- , I like his personality better , and he sounds really good . Then you can go to the map to choose where you want to go . When you win an area , you 'll unlock the next area.The game itself is pretty good . It 's easy to play but hard to master -LRB- some puzzles -RRB- . The entire game is played with the mouse . You use it to to pick up and use objects , to move , and to talk to humans/animals . Yes , animals talk in this game . It 's weird , but a while after you hear the ibex say , `` Hello , Alex '' , you 'll get used to it . Some of the animals are pretty funny . I liked the elephant and the shrews especially . What do you do in the game ? Missions . You help animals . They vary from putting out fire that 's scaring wolves to freeing birds from cages . Besides the two kids and all the animals , there are three other characters
 PRE-HISTORIC PLANET is one of three AIP films that contain stolen fottage from Russian soviet epic , PLANET OF STORMS . I think that the footage was `` discovered '' by Roger Corman who was wroking for AIP around this time . The film is an incredibly slow made-for-TV movie but once it gets going it 's a bent , giddy and unintentionally hilarious romp with lots of weird looking sets and hilarious looking dinosaurs . If you enjoyed this classic , take a look at the even-better PLANET OF BLOOD -LRB- AKA
 The politics of saving at all costs coupled with a good ability to use scissors and assembly , rather than to kick up a fuss , in the '60s still ensures a good response from the audience and this film is one of the best known examples American science fiction films made by using long lengths of Russian films . -LRB- The seven sailors of the space -RRB- aka Planeta Burg -LRB- which is considered appropriate to mention the cast titles -RRB- comes from Harrington cut , reassembled and sewn around some specially filmed sequences in the studio -LRB- and think for themselves be reused later -RRB- with an anonymous Basil Rathbone in the scientist . The plot itself is the carbon paper copy of the story told by the director Pavlev KlushantsevThis imaginative and highly visual film is actually a Soviet-made production titled Planeta Bur , which was purchased by Roger Corman and American International Pictures and refashioned into a more simplistic science fiction-adventure for American audiences . Former experimental filmmaker and Kenneth Anger associate Curtis Harrington -LRB- using the nom du cinema John Harrington -RRB- was pressed into directing new footage featuring Basil Rathbone and Faith Domergue , which was incorporated into the film for Hollywood name value -LRB- such as it was at the time -RRB- . The end result gives enticing glimpses of Russian director Pavel Klushantsev 's original vision and some impressive special effects -LRB- most notably , the air car and the crew 's mechanical helpmate Robot John -RRB- , which are unfortunately dampened by the newer , more awkward-looking scenes . Ever the penny-pincher , Corman recycled the Russian footage for a second , less coherent feature , 1966 's Voyage to the Planet of Prehistoric Women , which featured scenes with Mamie Van Doren shot by then-novice director Peter Bogdanovich .
 This is why , I wish Amazon would split the review chart by ages.Younger folks will not get the fact that these old movies are just plain fun to watch , yes thay rip off each other , and yes they are cheezy.We knew that when they came out , thats why they are great.In those days , not alot of science on space , and a lack of computers ment you had to use your mind.So old farts you will love this movie , mind numbed comp.brained kids , you will not .
 i give it five stars because when it was made and how and its got class that dont exist now days
 I have been using version 5.0 of this program on Windows XP for years and it works just fine ! Never had a problem . I love its features and am very upset that the company is now out of business so I ca n't get an update to use with Windows 7 !
 I love this program ! I have been using it for years as a professional personal chef . The flaw is that it does not load on new computers . I have kept my windows 98 just for this program . The best feature about this program is what I call the chopping list -LRB- or the ingredient detail list -RRB- . For some reason , the newest softwares -LRB- I 've tried several -RRB- , do not offer this feature . MicroCookbook produces a shopping list -LRB- organized by grocery store sections , in an order you set up -RRB- as modern cooking programs do , however it also will produce a list of all your ingredients , by category -LRB- produce , spices ... -RRB- , by recipe . For example , if you are prepping for 4 menu items and you need a total of 5 cups of onions , MicroCookbooks will produce a list breakdown of each measure need for each recipe -LRB- 1/2 cup of onion , diced for Ministrone , 1 cup onion , minced for rice pilaf , 2 cups onion , sliced for Pasta Primavera , 11/2 cup onion , quartered for Roasted Vegetables -RRB- . This is a hug time saver ! Why do n't modern programs include this ??? I have to admit that the newest programs -LRB- I also use living cookbook -RRB- have an awsome cut and paste feature for importing new recipes that MicroCookbook does not offer.I intend to keep my windows 98 until a modern software program can include the `` chopping list '' feature .
 This is it , a toy for travelers . All of the CDs are actually the first level CD of the Eurotalk language program , in that there is 33 different languages on separate CDs that are all the Eurotalk Talk Now program . You wo n't find Kana in the Japanese because that 's on the Eurotalk Talk More disk -LRB- the 2nd level disk -RRB- , which is n't included . In other words , each CD has a very basic standard vocabulary in a different language with the same 20 or so phrases in each language . Still , for some of us , it 's fun to be able to say `` Hi '' in Zulu , or know the name of corn in Japanese . Spanish and Hebrew , as well as a slew of other languages , are included . Some of which you would n't want to know due to current political climates and actions EAST of Israel.It could actually be practical , as it is cheaper to purchase this used than buy a ` talk now ' from Eurotalk new , as long as you were not looking for languages like Navajo in here . If you bought this package , you could spend the money buying a Eurotalk Talk More program individually for a particular language you wanted to spend more time in , such as Hebrew . Still , it alone is a grand toy for us language lover types . -LRB- And yes , even Irish is included . -RRB-
 I am 30 years old and have been out of school for many years now . I work a job that is not mentally stimulating in the least and sometimes my brain feels as if it 's on autopilot . I bought this software as a refresher course on literature and science , as I 've forgotten much of what I learned . I am very amazed at its quality . I believe easily that I could have not attended elementary through high school and merely studied using this software and learned much more than I did . The readings are done by great actors with good voice inflection and the music and visuals enhance your learning . The quizzes are great to review and help lodge the content of the lessons into your mind . My nephew is 8 years old and is homeschooled . He uses many resources like this one in his education process are is already testing at high school level . So regardless of your age or learning ability , this is a great buy . I also plan on getting the entire learning system which includes elementary and middle to review geography and such .
 I am currently a honors student about to go to 9th grade . Since it was summer , I decided to purchase this software to review 9th grade materials such as algebra and geometry , biology , and social studies . When the product arrived in mint condition , I hurriedly opened it to see what it was like . There were three DVDS ; one for english and math , the second for social studies , and the third for science -LRB- no wonder the box felt a little heavy for software ! -RRB- . There are many great features for this program , the best being that no installation is required ! I 'll label them into different sections and rate them.MATH : Pre-Algebra , Algebra I and II , Geometry , Trigonometry , Calculus -LRB- 5/5 -RRB- This was one of my favorite part of the learning system . Instead of a program that has bulky notes , it is set up as a one on one classroom with a teacher -LRB- or professor -RRB- and a student . The voices are excellent -LRB- I love the professor 's voice in Calculus and Trigonometry ! -RRB- , animations are first class , and the explanations are easy to understand . The program also includes an eBook called Rapid Calculation Method with tips and tricks on calculation math fast , and also comes with printable tests . The one problem I had with this software was that there was not many explanations.ENGLISH
 I came across both the Middle and High School Learning Systems at Big Lots for $ 6.00 each ! I am really impressed with the subject matter and how it is being presented . It is worth the $ 20 + dollars !
 I like it but my wife and sons do n't . My wife and oldest son found errors in the math tests and had no desire to look at the information beyond . It has some great ideas for study and organization . I have found it interesting to listen to some of the lectures . It does not provide enough guidance and help in transfering audio files to an mp3 player .
 I 'm reviewing studies before going back for higher education , and learning some more , too , and my daughter is sort of bored with school work as a lot of it does n't challenge her . As I struggle to find a way to maintain the family I have limited time to help coordinate our efforts and this makes fun learning for a serious goal easier . My daughter poor thing is about to enter 6th , in second she was already doing 6th grade math and 10.6 in things like science on the SAT , but at school she had to practice her hand writing and remember to use Shirley Temple as a role model for patience . Now she 's going to still have 3 years of algebra in middle school and there 's no way I can homeschool as a single mom , so we do what we can . Since we 're good at that , it 's making being a `` Smile for Hire '' at McDonald 's a cinch , but we really want to prepare to work with the space program one day . Maybe we should start a Amazon.com business or something . -LRB- =o-LRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 this is a great game for younger children and the coolest part is the puppy grows in real time although its kind of repeative its a pretty cool game .
 I bought the Puppy Luv game for my 71/2 year old daughter and she absolutely loves it . She plays it every day . We do n't have animals , so this gives her a little experience with what it is like to have a dog .
 I bought this for my 6 year old and she loves to play it . She is a real animal lover and this dog is easier to train and play with than our real dog .
 My son is 5 and he loves this game . Puppy Luv is great to teach the kids responsibilities . It 's simple so if you have a four year-old he/she might able to play this one .
 My grandson had so much fun playing Puppy Love it is a great video showing how to love and care for a pet and ingraines in the mind of the child these two gestures , Love and care . I recommend it for our young children .
 My 5-year old loves this game . She has spent hours feeding , grooming , and playing with this dog . As an adult , I find this terribly boring , but for some reason , taking care of the virtual dog has really captured my daughter 's imagination -- even though we have real dogs . She also loves to shop for the pup , and then she plays the competitions to earn more money to buy yet more virtual toys . We are also purachsing Kitty Luv for a little variation .
 This game is not for 7 and younger . It is to complex for them . My older boys -LRB- 12 -RRB- did great at it .
 I ordered this for my grand son and he shares it with grand daughter they loved it Thanks Memaw
 this game is fun , but it dose have a few problems with game play
 This software is pretty good . I homeschool my 9 year old son , 8 year old daughter , and my 7 year old niece . The only drawback I have found is that there does n't seem to be any grade level distinctions for the videos or quizzes . My kids seem to like the videos and I like the different quizzes . I wish there were worksheets as well as quizzes for a little more reinforcement of the material in the videos .
 The software is not what I expected but has nothing to do with the seller . It arrived timely and is in great condition even though it was used .
 Likes ... Once you learn the program you can do some pretty extraordinary things with it . Finale offers a lot of flexibility . The print output put looks fantastic . It plays back your piece flawlessly !!! Recent versions come with tutorial videos so it makes it very easy for a beginner to get started right away . Also , the help forum at Makemusic is very good . Anyone can get their Finale question answered in very little time ! Finale now comes with a GM soundfont . Now you can hear your files played back with decent sounds without having to buy any external equipment . 2005 is now compatible with Garritan Personal Orchestra so you can have your files played back with some of the best available ! I would bet VST and DXi will be in the next release . -LRB- Do n't quote me on this ! -RRB- There are a couple free pdf writers on the net . Download them and then you will be able to send your arrangement via email ! This is a very cool feature!Dislikes ... Finale still makes some common tasks very difficult . Rits and accels are a nightmare to figure out . You have to have a third party plugin to get decent results . If you try and do them with Finale 's method you better be a rocket scientist !!! Something this common should be really simple ! There are other cryptic , hard to learn features lurking amidst some of the menus but Make Music is getting rid of them with each new release.I use Finale almost every day of my life ! It is amazing . It is n't as hard to learn as it used to be thanks to the tutorials it comes with . Anyone that loves writing music should get Finale ! It is the most extensive music notation program there is.Dave Morehead -LRB- trumpet/composer/arranger -RRB- Davemorehead.com
 This is an open-ended , well rounded , creativity program that features three main activities . Design ballgowns with thousands of not millions of possible combinations , visit the worlds of Belle , Jasmine , and Ariel to find extra goodies for creating outfits , or create stories by coloring pictures and adding stickers to them . You can even create a princess that looks like you by importing a picture of your face . All of the activities are fun and the dresses are just beautiful . If you know a young girl or are young at heart , get it .
 This game was a big hit with my eight-year-old niece . It imports all photo file types . She enjoyed making Princess pictures of herself , her little sister , and all of her aunties ! The game is definitely fun and really encourages creativity.That said , there were parts I did not like . The software could be more seamless . The import photo section -LRB- where girls create their own virtual models -RRB- is separate from the other CD activities . This does n't pose a huge problem , but ... . if you want to bring in someone else 's photo , you have to exit your current session -LRB- and therefore lose the creations you 've made in that session -RRB- . One bonus activity
 This version of Fashion Boutique is not as good as the first with Cinderella , Snow White , and Sleeping Beauty . While my daughter can play it at age 5 , she needs help finding the patterns and the jewels . She is not yet able to play this alone , as she is many other Disney and Barbie games . However , she does like Ariel and Belle , so she does play it , but I spend more time than she does searching for the designs .
 I was completely disappointed with this product . I have always been so pleased with Disney products in the past . I could n't believe that Disney put their name on this . It was very simple in nature , and was far from as interesting as what was stated on the box . My five year old said `` Why are the Princess ' so ugly ? -LRB- and she was right -RRB- . I have just written to Disney , and plan on returning this .
 My 6 year old really enjoys playing with this , especially the `` Star of the story '' section . I 'm surprised to see so many negative reviews . My daughter fell in love with this software immediately . Although she does n't play with it every day , she certainly plays with it often . She likes it so much that we have bought it as gifts for several friends .
 I got this for my preschooler for Christmas and she is loving it ! I love the fact that she can design the princess to look like herself or a friend or just about anyone ! Designing the dress and jewelry is her favorite part , but she could go all day if I let her ! This is definitely a gift that wo n't lose its appeal soon and also one that will grow with her !!!
 You can design your own costumes with different patterns and styles and wear them to the castle and search for more accessories and all sorts of unique items . You can even customize you characters appearance and even add your own face to the character . Then you can add your character to the storybook .
 My grandkids love this game , both boys and girls ages 6 and 8 . I am sad that it is no longer available in a newer version , but very glad that this older version still works on my Windows 7 .
 I purchased this game for my daughter , but because it had already been registered once I could not use the product . My husband was able to get into it some how for her to play it 1 time and she really liked it . but was very sad and upset when we could not get the opportunity to use it again . It was a total waste of my money . and apparently you ca n't buy it new now either it is outdated . Very disappointing .
 I bought this for my granddaughters , and they love it . It has staying power , as six months later , they are still playing it regularly . I would recommend this game , and I feel it was a good buy .
 I bought this title for my 10 year old and she is having a blast with it ! She spends a little bit of time playing with it each day -LRB- only after homework is complete -RRB- ! I encourage other mothers to purchase this item , because you will get so many kudos from your daughter/s that you will suddenly remember how wonderful it is to be a mom !
 This new antivirus works great with xp home . I installed it and also got the firewall to try for a limited time free . . It 's so easy to work with and also comes with ad-blocking and cookie manager so I can choose to void cookies when I want . . It has a fast scanner and does n't hang up my computer on shutdown like some other 's do . The firewall or hacker stopper that it 's called is easier to use than other 's that I have tried . .
 My son loves to draw and he has came up with his own comicstrip character . This software is fun , easy and great for him . At 8 years old , he feels like he is designing a real comic book . The templates , artwork etc is breath taking and so easy to upload and use . He got this for a Xmas present and designed a 18 page comic book in less than an hour and loved every minute of it ... Great gift idea !!!!!!!!!
 Legacy Family Tree will get you to where you are going . No nonsense , just follow the easy steps Legacy provides for yoursearch . Just keep your thinking cap on and Legacy will help you.I think it would be hard to beat for the price.-Harold Rackley
 This software if good for when you are starting out . But as your tree grows , I suggest new software
 This product has proven to be efficient and effective in researching my family 's history . It is easy to use and user friendly . Every family in America should have this product available to assist in their family research .
 This is user friendly software . The package inculdes a cd , the orgination of your input data is easy to follow . I lke the different view options avaible for your personal family tree .
 This software based on a modular system will give you the chance to create your own 3D Community easily and without needing a huge programming skill . In fact the modular system makes me think about Authorware products , the use of them is as easily as that . The 3D creation module is based on a WYSIWYG concept and makes one able to create easily 3D Rooms or Zones by inserting either objects and textures from a huge Library or even by importing 3D Max objects thanks to a 3D Max Export plugin.Only one thing could make you think twice before buying the product , the hosting requires a proprietary Server but with such a user friendly and quality program hosting partners will arise quickly and the bundle comes with a Free 3 month hosting by Cryo Networks .
 This product comes with a license free 10 simutaneous user peer to peer SCOL server.For the price ... . it ca n't be beat.For the ease of 3D multimedia site creation ... . it ca n't be beat.For online virtual world user interaction ... . it ca n't be beat .
 I bought this software lately and installed it on my machine . It works very well with my DVD+RW burner.So far I have burned 3 movies.The only problem is that I failed three times and waste 3 DVD+R . But I think the reason is not because this software . It is probably due to that I have too many background other services running . I will try to rebuild my PC and check it out again.So far I give this software 4.5 stars .
 Theres nothing better on the market right now.This program is great for beginners and very easy to use . I highly recommend it .
 This product does exactly what it says . I 've yet to have it produce any coasters and I 've backed-up over 30 DVDs .
 Good product . What everybody has been waiting for . A little pricey , but worth it . It is ONLY for Windows 2000 and XP OS . ...
 Fast , Easy , Exact ! This is the software DVD Owners have waited for . Back up your new DVD 's and never worry about damage again.Spend half the time copying and get exact results.I love it .
 I have used DVD X Copy v1 .4 to make copies of about 30 movies so far with great results . The only problems I have experienced have been with discs of The Sopranos and Band of Brothers . For some reason , these multiple episode discs do not copy properly.I am using a generic DVD drive to rip the disc , and a Sony DRU500A to record . ... combo.The fact that most movies require 2 discs is not a flaw in the software . Most commercial DVD 's are recorded in 2 layers , allowing over 8 gig of data on a disc . Current recorders can only record to one layer , limiting data levels to app .4.7 gig.This software does all that can be done without data compression . My solution to multiple discs was to buy one of the current generation of DVD changers and load both discs .
 I use both programs and have had great results . My burner is a Pioneer A05 -LRB- dvd-r/rw format -RRB- . The backups play fine on my comp and on my Pioneer DV 535 . DVDRHELP.com has alot of good info about these programs .
 My stepson and I have made copies of over 100 of our DVDs with this software . It works flawlessly . I 've installed it on a 4 year old laptop and use a DVD burner connected via a USB 1 hub - way below recommended specs - and have not had a single problem . And I can guarantee you that I do n't work for 123 ... This is about the only DVD burning software that I have tried that works every time . Never a wasted disk .
 If what you are trying to do is back up a copy of your child 's dvd collection , then this is the program for you . A monkey could use this program - it is that simple to use . I have used it for 6 months , burning about 20 bargain basement -LRB- no-name -RRB- discs on a pioneer dvd-r internal dvd burner , and have had no problem playing the discs on any machine that states it will play dvd-r discs . Also , it has not crashed once , or failed to work flawlessly -LRB- except once when I tried to copy a disc smeared with peanut butter - my bad -RRB- . However , it does edit the disc , and you have very little choice over what features you can keep . One big plus - the discs it produces need no menu input proir to playing , as a standard dvd would . Just pop 'em in the machine , and they play . Down load a trial version , and try it out !
 I was a little skeptical about this program at first based upon a few negative reviews and comments from others regarding problems they encountered . However , I purchased anyway based upon some articles I read . The program is terrific . I have made copies of a number of DVD 's that I have purchased and it could not be easier . With three little boys at home , it is great to be able to have a backup copy of those movies that our youngest gets a hold of and uses as a frisbee.Some have complained about having to use two disks for a movie . That has happened on ocassions , but usually I do not copy all of the trailer info . Furthermore , what is the problem with two disks ? Simply by the jewell cases that hold two disks . The quality of the recording is great . I would much rather have a top notch back-up recording of a movie than no back-up when my kids destroy their Toy Story or Shrek store bought DVD.This also allows me to make a back-up copy for the car so the kids can watch when we travel and I do n't have to fret if its gets ruined . I can simply make another copy . This is a must buy software and is terrific and highly recommended .
 I was very skeptical of DVD backup software . Most require you to download several freeware witha guide -LRB- Stay away from DVD wizard pro -RRB- This is absolutely fantastic . Very simple to use and much faster than most software . I should say that I downloaded the 1.5 version which did not recognize my DVD R drive , but the 1.4 worked fine . Video and audio quality is excellent , and the format is preserved including the titles , just like the original . My DVD drive is Toshiba which is not supported usually by this software , but luckily for me it worked well . Mine is Toshiba SD-R 6012 . It worked well with 1.4 version . Technical support was good and wait time was short .
 This program worked correctly straight out of the box . The whole process of copying a DVD is extremely straight forward . I used it with a Pioneer DVR-104 and DVD-R media.I am a very pleased customer !
 I bought the `` Special Edition '' DVD X COPY for Windows XP/2000 , and it works fine with XP . I had NO PROBLEMS LOADING it up and using it . This was my first experience with burning DVDs , so I wanted something simple . I just bought Sony 's new DVD burner model DRX-500UL and so far it works great.Here are the GOOD THINGS I 've discovered about DVD X COPY : - EASY TO INSTALL and get started-Only takes seconds for the program to determine size of DVD movie and if it requires one or two disks to make a copy-Takes LESS THAN 1 HOUR to make copies -LRB- 1 disc -RRB- - The QUALITY IS PERFECT ... Looks just like the original ! - For movies that would require only 1 disk if the special features were omitted , the PROGRAM WILL PROMPT you if you want to leave them on -LRB- requiring 2 disks -RRB- or to omit them so the movie can fit onto one disk ... very nice ! - Allows you to choose which chapter , to a certain extent , to split the movie at if its going to require 2 disks . It also lets you preview the chapter that disk # 2 will start at , so you can actually see what part of the movie disk # 2 will begin with.-The DVD-Rs I record on PLAY PERFECTLY on my Sony DVD player -LRB- 2 year old -RRB- . - They also play on my Toshiba laptop-DVD drive -LRB- Also about 2 years old -RRB- . - They DID NOT play on an older -LRB- 3 years -RRB- RCA model -LRB- with DIVX , remember that fiasco ? -RRB- that I have . No surprise there.-So far , the different brands of DVD-R disks I 've used play fine . However , I burned a movie onto a DVD-RW disk , but could not play it on my DVD player or laptop . I 'm sure this is a disk format compatibility issue with my player , therefore not a problem stemming from DVD X Copy.-DVD X COPY puts a warning/disclaimer on each disk at start-up when playing the movie stating that it is a copy and is intended for personal use only , blah blah blah . Good or bad -LRB- depending on your intentions -RRB- , this helps in the prevention of anyone thinking they might want to get into the movie-pirating business ! ... BUT HERE 'S MY BIGGEST BEEF WITH DVD X COPY ... The MAJORITY OF MOVIES REQUIRE 2 DISKS for copying !!! I sat down one night and tested out about 60 MOVIES from my DVD collection and let DVD X COPY determine how many disks it would take to record each movie -LRB- I did n't actually copy them , it only takes a moment for the program to make it 's caculations on a movie -RRB- . To my disappointment , about 37 MOVIES OUT OF 60 REQUIRED 2 DISKS ! Out of the other 23 1-disk movies , 8 of those were only able to fit on one disk if I omitted some or all of the special features . That means out of 60 DVDs , ONLY 15 MOVIES with all of their features could fit onto one disk!I also discovered that the LENGTH OF THE MOVIE is NOT the sole determining factor on whether a movie will fit onto 1 disk or 2 . Consider the following examples.The following LENGTHY movies will fit onto 1 DISK : Air Force One ... 125 min.The 5th Element ... 126 min.The Man In The Iron Mask . .132 min.Rob Roy ... 139 min.The following SHORTER movies require 2 DISKS : Dragonheart ... 103 min.Behind Enemy Lines ... 105 min.Grease ... 110 min.Mission Impossible ... 110 min.Why is this ? I 'm not sure , but it 's probably got something to do with how much disk space was originally required for the DVD based on the quality and the way it was produced at the factory . I 'm sure someone more savvy in this area could explain it.The above examples are EXCEPTIONS to the rule , most longer movies -LRB- approx . 120 minutes -RRB- will require 2 disks , whereas shorter ones -LRB- 80-100 minutes -RRB- should fit onto one disk . Thankfully , none of the movies I checked required 3 disks -LRB- I do n't even know if that 's possible with DVD X COPY -RRB- . CHEAP DVD-R disks can be found on many internet sites , usually in stacks of 50 or 100 . I recently purchased a pack of 100 for about $ ... . This was cheaper than in local stores , where they ranged anywhere between $ ... - $ ... . each . If you can get them cheap , then splitting movies onto 2 disks does n't seem too bad , although the CONVENIENCE OF 1 DISK CA N'T BE UNDERESTIMATED!I 've read some bad reviews here , but it sounds like some of them were because of COMPATIBILITY ISSUES with computers and whatnot . Read the system requirements CAREFULLY before you buy . There are A LOT OF VARIABLES INVOLVED HERE -LRB- type of DVD burner , computer specifications , DVD-R brand used , etc. -RRB- If your system is set up right , you should be as pleased as I was with the results.IN SUMMARY ... DVD X COPY is very easy to use , even for beginners . Very simple and straight-forward , short burn time . I 'm very pleased with the quality and playability of the copies I 've created . It 's only downfall that I can see is that the majority of movies -LRB- approx . 2 out of 3 -RRB- being copied require 2 disks instead of just 1 . I certainly hope that sometime in the near future 321 Studios -LRB- the DVD X COPY creators -RRB- figure out a way to correct this deficiency in an otherwise superior and user-friendly program.If getting each movie onto 1 disk is of high importance to you , then you might try another program/recording format . For me , the quality and playability -LRB- on newer model DVD players -RRB- of movies using DVD X COPY outweighs the somewhat annoying inconvenience of 1 movie on 2 disks.Let 's hope they fix this soon in a later version ! If so , they 'll deserve 5 stars.Until then , I 'll give DVD X COPY 4 OUT OF 5 STARS .
 I see a lot of people bashing this product and it really surprises me . I 've been hanging out at the DVDXCOPY online forum since buying the software and have seen nothing but excellent support from the people using the software and the makers themselves . I 've called their tech support on a Saturday to get information about how install keys are used and to my surprise got to talk to a live person . Try that with another software company!I 'm also not sure where the whole `` pay-to-upgrade '' spiel is coming from either . Since owning DVDXCOPY I have seen 3 version upgrades -LRB- 1.2 , 1.3 , 1.4 , and soon to be released 1.5 -RRB- . I have n't had to pay for any of these . Simply download and reinstall . Done . Plus , if you bought DVDXCOPY early on when it was released chances are you 'll get the Platinum version of the product for FREE when it is released . Episodic discs are currently the achilles heal of this software but that is soon to be rememedied -LRB- hopefully -RRB- in the 1.5 version and in the Platinum.Now I will admit I have read some horror stories on their forum about guys having problems getting this software to work . As with anything PC based though it is hard to guarantee compatibiltiy with everything that is out there . I would suggest making sure you meet all the requirements before plunking down the cash for this software . But in DVDXCOPY 's defense , I have had this software since January and have yet to make one coaster using my Sony DRU500A burner . I am also using DVD-R media bought in bulk . My average cost per disc -LRB- Meritline Accu media -RRB- is $ .79 which in my eyes is a bargain . Granted many movies take 2 discs -LRB- there are double sided DVD-R 's and I 've used them successfully -RRB- , but I do n't think that is a big deal . Small price to pay . Plus , DVDXCOPY is smart enough that it will tell you if you can squeeze a whole movie on one disc by losing the special features , etc. . This wo n't be for everybody as even I like special features , but once I 've seen them once I do n't usually watch them ever again.I do n't work for 321 Studios but I am a user of their product . I think anytime you get into a new technology such as this you ca n't expect perfect results . I have been fortunate to have an awesome experience with this product -LRB- so much so that my brother is now using it and having no issues -RRB- . In about 35 minutes -LRB- rip to burn -RRB- I have a perfect copy of a DVD using 2x DVD-R . This will only get better and better as time goes on and drive speeds go up.Before purchasing , examine your system then head over to the DVDXCOPY web site ... . Hang out on the forum and ask some questions . I think with a little work up front you 'll be better prepared and will have a better experience with this product . And once you get going with it you 'll be blown away .
 This is either an outstanding product , or not an outstanding product , depending upon your usage and technical knowledge and what you expect of it.This software will lead to mixed results for the novice , but if you know your way around DVDs and how the files are stored , many of the problems people encounter using this software have simple fixes.This software works largely good on `` conventional '' movie DVDs -LRB- DVD-5 -LRB- best !! -RRB- or DVD-9 -LRB- Ok . -RRB- formats -RRB- where all you may want to do is watch the movie , but not so great on multiepisode DVDs of TV shows -LRB- in DVD-9 format -RRB- . At least this has been my experience.Other factors include the DVD burning software and it 's default settings which is already installed on your system . For example , ensure you can do UDF 1.02 format DVD disks for maximum compatibility . Type of media has an affect on the archive disks created from the software , as the `` cheap '' DVD-R disks sometimes suffers compatiblity problems that are avoided on the name brands . On some multiepisode TV show disks , I 've encountered problems with the menuing setup on the second disk , which can prevent viewing of some material .
 If you are anything like me , you 've started noticing that the world of DVD copying is very confusing . There are lots of ways of doing it , and they all seem to have complications and the end product looks inferior to the original.I love DVD X Copy . I have found no other product that allows folks to make personal backups of their DVD 's , backups that include all of the original special features , and have the same digital quality . And as for all the `` 5 easy step '' software packages , it 's not easy if it requires 5 steps.If you can stick in your store bought DVD , press a copy button , and then later put in a blank DVD , you can now copy DVD 's . For that reason alone DVD X Copy is worth the price of admission.Now , unfortunately there is no common standard for DVD 's . The 4 versions of blank media available to the general public to write data to are DVD R , DVD RW , DVD R + and DVD RW + , but they all can store about 4.7 gig . Some DVD players -LRB- especially ones that also write DVD 's -RRB- are very picky about what they play , or what they play well . Many newer DVD players can play all 4 types , and they are definitely the ones to buy . The DVD media that professional DVD manufactures use can hold double the information -LRB- over 9 gig -RRB- , so yes , 1 of your store bought DVD 's may turn into 2 DVD 's , especially if you elect to copy all of the special features on the DVD . Get over it ! And if you are paying $ 5.00 per blank DVD , you are what is known by normal folks as a sucker . You can pick up spindles of 50 blank DVD-R for $ 25.00 , and DVD R + for less than $ 50.00 . So the cost of making a copy is no where near as much as buying a new copy . And it will only get cheaper in the future.Additionally , many DVD buring softwares , like Easy DVD Creator and Roxio , have bugs , and do not work well with Windows XP unless patches are applied . This makes many people think that DVD X Copy is not working . That 's certainly what happened to me at first . Then I caught an episode of Screen Savers on Tech TV that talked about these software issues , and they recommended either getting all of the patches and re-installing , or buying Nero 5.5 . I bought that software , and I have never had a problem burning any DVD since.So , I think any complaints you might read about DVD X Copy are going to be as a result of people not understanding the technology , and supporting software packages . I mean , this stuff can be very confusing.If you have a decent DVD burner , and a good DVD copy software like Nero , you will definitely be copying DVD 's in no time , and I am sure you will find no better software to do so . Believe me , I 've tried hundreds of dollars worth .
 DVDXCopy does exactly what it says . To the reviewer above who complained about the fact 2 blank DVD are usually required to copy 1 DVD - of course ! A blank DVD is about 4.7 Gb . The DVD 's you own or rent are DUAL Layer -LRB- 4.7 + 4.7 -RRB- so of course it 's going to require more than one blank DVD . This is NOT the fault of DVDXCopy . There are no DUAL layer blank DVD 's available for consumers so now you see why the movies need to be split.Before you go off on a rant , do your homework .
 To the reviewer from Hawaii , I just read an in-depth article in PC Upgrade Magazine about this program . The problem is not with the program , it is the type of DVDs used in the originals.Notice that the movies that fit onto one disc were older movies . These movies were put on DVD before the newer , double-sided/double density DVDs were being used . Now that they are being used for newer movies , the movie companies are able to put more information and better quality movies onto one disc . However , the DVD-R 's that you use to burn a movie are only single sided/single density . That is , they only hold about 4.7 GB of data instead of 9 GB . Therefore , most `` newer '' movies -LRB- within the past two or three years -RRB- will require two discs . This is covered in the article on the program , though it is not covered in the program 's documentation .
 DVD X Copy worked perfectly out of the box . I have not had any problems with the product . It makes perfect personal backup copies of your DVD movies . Three things you need to be aware of
 A lot of the complaints that I 've seen with this product will likely go away for the following reasons :1 . If you could purchase the software directly from -LSB- ... -RSB- by downloading it directly to your computer , you 're entitled to all future version updates for free . This of course , suggests that you have decent download speed on your internet connection .2 . While it is true that currently , most movies take two blank DVDs to copy , which is the single-layer limitation of consumer DVD media maxing out at 4.7 Gb per DVD , an upcoming version of this software will be able to copy most movies to one blank DVD with virtually no loss of quality . This platinum version is due late March 2003.3 . If you buy DVD blanks in bulk quantity , cost per blank can be kept under $ 2 . A good place to shop is -LSB- ... -RSB- 4 . I 've found this software very good at copying scratched-up DVDs and the copy played back perfectly . The original on the other hand depending how bad a shape it is in , may have problem on playback.Final comments
 In my opinion , the best way to use this program is to copy home movies . In the case of most PC based DVD editors , making another copy of the movie requires the movie to be re-rendered -LRB- over the course of hours -RRB- or for you to keep the material on your hard drive.Once you make a DVD you like , you can make a copy for Grandma much more quickly . In these cases the 5GB limit is no problem since nobody really wants to watch a two hour home movie anyway .
 This software allows you to make a backup copy of your DVD movies . You will need a DVD writer and 2 blank DVD -LRB- either - R or - RW or + R or + RW depending on your writer -RRB- . The reason it needs 2 DVD 's is that each blank DVD is 4.7 Gig . A typical movie DVD is over 7 Gig , thus 2 DVD 's to back one up . I used it to back up Reign of Fire . It puts a backup notice on the front of DVD , it puts a nice insert disk 2 at a breakpoint that you can define . The only quirkey thing is that when the 2nd DVD finishes playing it starts over again at the beginning of the 2ND DVD.If you value your DVD collection and have a DVD writer and some bulk DVD 's your all set to make backups and put the origional DVD 's away .
 I bought this and loaded this on a W2K box with a Pioneer DVR-A03 drive . I was skeptical about its compatibility . I used a TDK DVD-R disk and backed up my Speed Region 2 DVD . Even though it made my one DVD into a two part DVD set , it did allow me to choose the split break , which impressed me . As it is written in its specs , I was also able to have my backup DVD start without going to the menus . This is a feature that I 've been looking for , so that my technology challenged parents will be able to use the DVD player I got them for Christmas , with the least amount of effort . My copies worked in my APEX DVD player but did n't in my AIWA player . I was dismayed at first since the AIWA DVD player I have is supposed to be compatible with DVD-R disks . I then used cheap , Princo DVD-R disks on my next attempt and they worked fine in my AIWA and APEX players . I suggest that anyone interested in this product , test several different brands of DVD-R/RW or DVD+R / RW . Compatibility problems could be due to the media you are using and not the software . I hope to try this software with a faster DVD-R drive sometime . Very cool software . I just wish that it could do a little more . I hope that newer versions will have a way to compress it so that it can fit on one single-sided DVD . Something like SVCD quality on a DVD would be really cool .
 New version released 3/29/03 . Smaller , faster , more stable . This software does what it claims , make a back-up copy of a protected DVD . Burn a perfect back-up copy ! The human interface could still be improved . I use an NEC DVD+R -LRB- W -RRB- burner with the default burn engine , and It works every time . I use Roxio ECDC 6 for other tasks . Most DVD 's require two blank disks . The media gets cheaper all the time . Beware , unless you buy directly from Studio 321 -LRB- with no rebate ! -RRB- you wo n't be able to return opened software . It just gets better , hope the Gov wo n't squash our rights to back-up content .
 While the version that came on the original cd had problems the newer version I downloaded from the internet worked great . I copied a 90 minute movie to my hard drive in around 15 minutes and burnt it back on the DVD drive in around 20 minutes . A dual layer movie had to be copied to 2 DVD-r disks . Now I can leave the original home safely on a shelf when I take a movie with me while I 'm traveling .
 I installed and used DVD X COPY platinum with no problems whatsoever . I have 3 computers and have n't had any problems with any of them . Program is easy to use and I am sure the people who have problems with the program are easy to blame the program , but I am sure many issues have to be with the computers . The customer service is there to help with problems with the program and not with your computer . I ca n't even fathom the idea people cant get this simple program to work . I had it installed and burning DVD 's in less than 2 minutes . The guy who uses Windows ME , thats the problems , ME never worked right for anyone who uses it . I suggest to upgrade to XP .
 I just bought a Sony DVD + / - RW DWU14A burner and tried making backup copies of DVD movies using DVD X Copy . Everything worked perfectly right from the start . I did not have to do any tweaking .
 Since I purchased this DVD burning software , I have successfully made exact copies of over 50 DVD 's w/o any errors ! Great and user friendly interface make this a breeze to to . Highly recommend this to any one seeking to make DVD backups .
 Software works exactly as specified in the manual . I have a Sony DRU drive and it copies most DVD 's without any problems at all . As with any software , if you do n't read the manual , do n't right silly negative reviews . RTFM ! This is a must have application if you have a DVD Burner .
 I found this product to be great with one exception ... it is not compatible with RCA DVD players . The software is easy to use and will work great on all other types of players .
 I bought this program two weeks ago and from the start I DID have some problems.I believe the version I bought was 1.4 something . To solve your problems just go to the 321 website and download 1.5.2 -LRB- or the latest version -RRB- After the update you should not have any real problems . From time to time you will have to exit the program and start over but hay , that 's a small price to pay for BACKING UP your DVD 's ... Not bad !
 I waited till this software was available to buy a DVD burner and have no regrets . Some suggest using it with Nero but I am using XP and it works great alone . I could not figure how to get it to work with Nero myselfYes it requires 2 disk per move ... It is not a speed thing . Your computer will be tied up for an hour or two , but the quality is GREAT !
 I have tried many different burning softwares and this is truely one that is easy to use and will read just about any DVD in which you are trying to back-up . If you are looking for a software that will allow you to back-up and archive your DVD collection , look no further . This is the one for you . Works great with windows XP .
 DVD X Copy does indeed work as promised , at least for me . I initially had a problem with it locking up my computer until I reinstalled a buggy installation of Nero and removed a couple of worthless DVD to VCD copy programs I downloaded from some fly-by-night web-sites . Since then , I have had no problems . The complaint that it takes 2 DVD-Rs to record many movies does n't bother me . Those original movies are stamped onto dual-layer DVDs , and the technology is n't available at this time for burning dual-layer discs . Besides , many early DVDs split movies between two sides of one disk . With blank DVD-Rs readily available in bulk ... , DVD X Copy more than fulfills my need to back up my movies economically , and believe me , I need to back them up the way my kids and their friends treat discs.Heartily recommended !
 Did you possibly read the Requirements?Pentium III 500mhz or faster processorMicrosoft Windows 2000 or XP128 MB RAM10Gb hard disk spaceDVD recordable drive connected to your computer -LRB- + R or - R -RRB- Blank 4.7 Gb DVD-R -LRB- W -RRB- or DVD+R -LRB- W -RRB- discs -LRB- for recordingThe Windows 2000/XP should have tipped you off that windows 98 would not work.Oh and that thing that comes out of your computer is where you put the DVD , not a cup holder!This product works like it says ... worth the buy for backing up your collection
 I have used this product for several months now , and it has worked beautifully . I 'm using an HP computer -LRB- 1.6 GHz processor with 512 MB RAM -RRB- with a Sony DRU-500A DVD burner . I am truly impressed with the ease of use and the LACK of problems . I ca n't imagine how such negative reviews could possibly exist , considering I 've had 100 % success -- and I 've used this software enough over the past several months to know that my positive experiences are not a fluke ; this product performs excellently and consistently.There is one explanation that I can think of for the negative performance that some people have experienced
 I ordered the dvd x copy off amazon . I installed it and it worked great right away . I 've copied like 10 movies so far with no problems . I think the only thing I do n't like is that after I installing it I found out that It was an older version 1.41 , so I downloaded the update1 .52 . After that , I had to redo my registration ID and password into their online website . I guess the only thing I am worried about is if they company goes belly up or is shutdown will I be able to register to activate my product should I need to reinstall windows ?
 I use DVD X COPY xpress -- the basic version.It 's absolutely wonderful , I had no system issues , as I believe these have all , or mostly all been fixed in the more recent versions.The program is the most simple software you can possibly get ... it has 1 button - COPY . You start the program , insert your original DVD - select `` copy entire dvd '' and press `` START '' when it finishes reading the original , it says `` now put in blank media '' you take the original out , put a blank in , and press `` START '' then wham , DVD backup is done ... all the special features , entire movie , EVERYTHING is copied and works perfect.I do n't know much about DVD copying , all the different DVD media , but I use `` DVD-R '' blank media , and it plays on both my DVD players , one of which is one of the original cheap DVD players , and Oritron that was the cheapest on the market at $ 119 when I purchased it a few years ago.The quality will NEVER be the exact same as the original , I honestly can hardly tell the difference , if at all , I 'd say it 's about 90 % the quality of the original.Original DVD 's hold more data than what a blank DVD-R does , the public does n't have access to this media or the burners to handle the higher data media , so deal with it ... Like I said , you really ca n't tell.The program is extremely simple and copies the entire disc , special features and all ... anyone can use it and can get a working dvd copy ... end of story . If you want to copy dvd 's , get this program .
 i have worked with all the latest DJ software but this is by far the most promising !
 I shopped around for a program that would allow me to make my business cards , envelopes and letterhead all at once , and was surprised to discover that this was the only one out there.I was even more surprised how easy it was to use and the professional results it generated . As a small business owner it saved me time and money making all three at once , and I have even used it with my son who just graduated from college this past summer to create a nice presentation for the resumes he is sending out.Well recommended !
 First , you should know I am a card carrying Luddite , if not the Great Ned 's reincarnated self . But this program is easy to install and use , even for me . Next , this has turned my PDA into the single greatest invention since the sanitar -- err , sliced bread ! I carry Excel spreadsheets that I routinely update on both my desktop , and my PDA -LRB- Palm500 . -RRB- They automatically update their alter whenever I hotsink . I carry books I 've downloaded in Word or PDF format , and I have used it to download photos onto my PDA . And all without one glitch in 1 year !
 Most of the documents I receive via email are in Microsoft Word or Excel format . I work out of my car and having these documents available on my Palm has turned my car into a paperless office . It 's so easy and convenient .
 LOVE this very much . Has the general clipart that any home or office personnel might need for instruction sheets , office newspaper , or just flyers . Great Product !
 I have taught school for many years , and when test time comes around , even the best students fall behind because the test is timed . They do not read fast enough to finish the test.Speed Your Read is a great tool to speed up your reading time.Students will have a better chance of showing what they can really do when they can finish a test.After just a few times using this program , I increased my own reading speed , and maintained it long afterwards.Don ' t let the low price scare you away , I 'd put it up against the big bucks programs any day .
 After using this program , I more than trippled how quickly I can read . Being a fictional and non-fictional writer , this has made my life so much easier . I have cut my research time in less than half , because I can read sooooooo fast ! I love this program . If you need to read , a lot , you NEED this software .
 This software package is easy to utilize . There are various ways of delivering the product i.e. Email or URL Once loaded , a password iscreated and you are into the main body of the system . The reading speedmay be calibrated for ease of use . Users may increase the speed withproduct familiarity . There is a vocabulary builder and small library ofEbooks . The product is perfect for the student or voracious reader inyour household . The product emphasis is on speed-reading of belles lettresliterature . More technical reading requires careful deliberation of thepresentation . i.e. higher mathematics and engineering Comparablecourses ; such as , Evelyn Wood teach reading techniques based upon yourfamiliarity with the subject matter . Reading levels may be increasedbased upon reading the totality of a page or delving into specificparagraphs of interest . A popular technique involves reading the firstsentence of each paragraph to gain a fairly accurate sense of thepresentation in under a half hour . The purchase is reasonable for theconsiderable value of the information provided . The product would bemost useful for advanced high school or college students havingconsiderable reading assignments on a daily basis . It may help studentsregistering for standardized tests like the LSAT , SAT and others .
 I have been using this product for more than ten years and am very satisfied . Lost my original copy so bought another at a great price . I have used this for professional remodel designs and preliminary drawings for a new home . This application is very easy to learn , fast , and has some basic 3d capability . My biggest gripe is that it wo n't print bigger than 81/2 x ll inches . But , it is possible to export files to other CAD applications for larger printer format , if you do n't mind some fiddling with the imported file . Highly recommended for preliminary design and remodel projects where drawings wo n't be submitted to your building dept.
 I love it and have used it for at least 10 years . BUT - NOW with VISTA I can not get it to work .
 MacDraft Professional definitely IS the easiest and most professional CAD program available , in my opinon . I wish I had purchased this one first . I have tried several other similar programs , but none can compare with the speed , accuratecy , and ease , associated with MacDraft Professional to produce industry quality floor plans , mechanaical drawings , and other technical detailed schematics . It 's no wonder this program is considered an industry leader . Super easy even for the beginner , yet highly professional results with best compatability to just about any format requirement . I 've tried the others ... THIS IS THE ONE YOU WANT !
 The upgrade from Director 8 to MX gives you ability to use 3d models in your projects . This opens up a whole new world of possibilities for web pages and web based games for those who have not upgraded from 8.0 to 8.5 . In all this is a much better purchase than Director 8.5 . As always , the shockwave file produced by Director MX will work on any Mac or PC with a shockwave player installed.Another new feature for those upgrading from the 8.0 version of Director to MX , is the ability to incorporate and interact with Flash SWF files . This is a powerful tool to integrate Flash into a shockwave webpage , and have the best of both worlds.The theme of MX is integration . The latest version of Director integrates with Fireworks MX seamlessly . There is even an option to use fireworks as the editor for graphic objects instead of director 's editor when you double click on the item . Best yet Director MX supports Fireworks MX 's png format native so that you can import files directly into the current Cast without exporting them first!For those upgrading from 8.5 to MX the upgrade is n't as urgent , but I would still recommend it if you also use Flash . My main disappointment was that the 3d capabilities of Director have been left unchanged from version 8.5 . I give Director MX an 8 out of 10 .
 Buy it ! Buy it ! It ` s awsome ! You make the rules , characters , levels , obstacles , and more ! I played it at Cyberstore at a camp and if you are a kid go to the camp ! You make the game and you get to bring you ` re game home and everyone elses !
 Picasa is the best graphics editing software I have found , and I have researched the possibilities pretty thoroughly.I had a few basic questions I asked Picasa techs to answer 1 -RRB- how to delete images quickly , 2 -RRB- how to tell the difference between thumbnails and say 640x480 pixels , 3 -RRB- how to fast edit colors and 4 -RRB- hot to develop `` frames '' or windows for segregating images chronologically . -LRB- NB
 Picassa finally has done what all the other programs have NOT done - they 've made it SIMPLE ! Red-eye , cropping , enhancing , etc. . This is the easiest program I 've ever used for photo editing . I use is exclusively now . Love it !
 I do a lot of digital photography . I think Windows XP does a fine job organizing and creaing thumbnails of photos , and my transfer software from the camera works pretty well , too . But these ca n't compare to Picasa Version 1.6 , software that works very well to organize , adjust and view collections of photos.I installed the trial version -LRB- full software that expires in 15 days without a serial number . -RRB- That 's nice -- a good way to test out a new product with the full feature set . The installation was quick , and immediately , the software allowed me to pull photos from all over my hard drive . You have a choice of lettting it get photos from the entire drive , or just from folders you choose , such as `` My Documents/My Pictures '' -- a nice option if you do n't want to look at mail attachments or photos in other documents.Now the intuitive power of the Picasa package comes into play . There are auto buttons for `` enhance '' -LRB- quick fix -RRB- , Red Eye removal , Crop and other quick fixes you usually need . This is all done on the fly , without having to put each photo into your normal image manipulation software . But ... if you want to go further , it 's easy enough to open up your image software of choice from Picasa . I use Adobe Photoshop Elements 2.0 for more advanced picture adjustments.However , generally Picasa does a pretty good job routine tasks such as red-eye reduction , so no need to go to Adobe . To do red-eye reduction , just drag your mouse over the eye , and let Picasa do it for you . Not bad results , either . Cropping is a matter of dragging the mouse to select the part of the picture you are keeping , and then click . Done.Another valuable feature is the ability to resize a photo . Many photos , as they come out of the camera , are too large to email or post on various places online -LRB- Ebay , blogs , for example . -RRB- To resize , all you have to do is highlight the photo , right-click , and then use the dialog box , with the very useful slider bar that resizes the picture . This is absolutely a slam-dunk . From that point you can go to `` E-mail picture '' and in a few keystrokes , go from transfer of a photo , to resized , to sent out in the mail . Very quick , very painless , very very cool . Even cooler -- a quick setup of a webpage to share your photos . If you are n't adept at HTML or webdesign , this is helpful.The software is a complete steal at this price . If you are giving a digital camera as a gift , I 'd throw this in to make the gift even more marvelous . I am considering getting a copy of this for everyone in our shutterbug-infested family . Absolutely great software .
 Picasa has been called the iPhoto for Windows . -LRB- iPhoto is Apple 's digital imaging software for Mac OS X. -RRB- The compliment highlights the program 's biggest virtue
 Got this for my wife so she does n't have to use Photoshop . We use it to deal with our snapshots and save Photoshop for in-depth photo projects . I tried the demo of Adobe ` Album ' product but it seemed slow to load and less intuitive and easy to use than Picasa.Pros
 This is a great program that makes managing hundreds of digital photos very simple and intuitive . As a power user I crave more advanced options and settings , and I have yet to find a program that does exactly what * I * want . But I never hesitate to recommend Picasa to friends and family . Especially now that Google has bought the company that makes Picasa and made it a FREE download !! Get yours at http://www.picasa.com/google/ and have fun : - -RRB-
 I have n't given back to these reviews , which have helped me in so many decisions . So here goes
 I just got Picasa from my granddaughter as a present and I love it ! I was amazed that it found all my pictures for me . It 's so easy to figure out that even this old bird can now e-mail pictures to his family . Who knew ? I would recommend this program to anyone who is baffled by e-mailing pictures - Picasa is such a breeze .
 This program is absolutely great . Everything is so simple and straight forward . It seems like they figured out exactly what you want to do with your pictures and made it really quick and easy . I am so glad a friend of mine told me about this . I did n't realize how poorly designed my old software was until I used this . Boy , what a difference good design makes .
 I have been operating Picasa for three or four years and upgraded the program once ... . which had some aggravating problems . But , nonetheless , I have purchased two other photo organizing software programs -LRB- Picture It and Photo Explosion -RRB- and I find Picasa still is above the rest in picture display and organization . I guess it depends on what you are looking for in a photo organization program . The merry-go-round display of your pictures and the ability to just run the slideshow w/music and enjoy them full screen ca n't be beat.Their photo editing ability is a little on the weak side and I tend to use other programs for that as I do a lot of electronic scrapbooking . But if you want easy ability to download your photos into a computer and be able to go back and enjoy them - email them , etc. . I would vote for this product any day !
 It is a very simple program to use but it is also very limited as to what it can do . If all you want to do is download your digital camera , save the the pictures , then e-mail them , this is the program for you . We never could get the camedia program that came with her camera to work right , even the version that you had to buy and with picasa there has never been a problem .
 This software adds some very useful foreign-language proofing tools to MS Office . I use it for Korean and am very happy with it .
 I finally received my Microsoft 2003 Office Proofing Tools on 03 February 2013 whichis still within the stated delivery time frame by Amazon.Although the seller was quick in shipping the goods to the on-forwarder , the actual shipping to Australia was very slow , even though I paid for express delivery.After some initial problems with trying to install the product , I finally managed a manual set up to get the program running.The program tested o k on my computer and the disk and package arrived in good order.What was very disappointing is that the on-forwarding cost exceeded the actual purchase cost by about 1.5 -1 . Overall , the service from the seller was efficient and in good time , with the product being in good order and condition.If the goods would have been shipped directly by the seller , the cost of sending them would only have been about half of what they were!Hence , Amazon may have to look at different ways to ship goods internationally otherwise the exercise becomes prohibitively expensive . .
 Microsoft Proofing Tools for Office 2003 allows spell-checking in over 50 different languages . I purchased for Thai & have had no problems . Proofing Tools is married to the MSO version , so this product will not work for Office 2000 . Additionally , Microsoft has changed its approach with Office 2007
 It was a big to me , because English was not one of my greatest subject and it is a big help to me . I Highly recommend this product for your computer .
 I had to replace the purchase - cd-rom had read-on errors and did n't load properly . I filed the request online and get my replacement disk the very next day , no questions asked . Great service Amazon . Keep up good work !!!!!
 This is my first time using any MS Office Product . I found the installation to be a breeze . Product is working flawlessly . My wife really enjoys the spell checker . Recommend this to all as a step up from WordPad.John M
 I was lucky enough to get Office 2003 before the official release date . Microsoft has done a nice job on the interface . Everything looks cleaner , and it will pop up useful sidebars on the righthand side -LRB- such as the clipbook for pasting items you have copied , help items , etc -RRB- . Another thing about the interface is that it meshes nicely with Windows XP themes . It will take a soft blue color when paired with Windows XP 's default theme . All of the bars will be blue . This is nice on the eyes . The same goes with silver - everthing will match.As for upgrading to 2003 from older versions ... this is a tough call . If you have Word XP , I would be hard pressed to tell you to upgrade . Even Word 2000 does a fine job . I do n't know if there are enough new bells and whistles in this to warrant upgrading . If you like to have the newest of everything however , this is the best word processor out there for PCs.For those of you on a tight budget , thers is hope . As good as Microsoft Office products are , there is a FREE alternative . You may want to give OpenOffice 1.1 a download . It is completely free and open source , and most importantly , compatible with Microsoft documents -LRB- word , excel , etc -RRB- .
 Word 2003 is more powerful than ever . Unfortunately , most of the new features are aimed primarily towards large business . As a result , many end-users simply wo n't need them -LRB- or be able to use them -RRB- . The users who will benefit most from upgrading are corporate users or users purchasing bundles with new PCs.Pros : Instant Messaging support is now integrated with Office applications . However , only MSN messenger is used . Users who predominantly use Yahoo , trillian , jabber , or ICQ will not find any utility in this feature , without signing up for a messenger account.The user interface has changed for the better , and matches the Windows XP interface better . Personally , I like it . Also , fonts are rendered better , and consequently documents will look better on laptops -LRB- no more jagged edges -RRB- . The Reading Layout feature splits the text into a two column format for easier reading -LRB- think newspaper -RRB- . If you have Microsoft Server and SharePoint services installed on your network , you can share and track changes to word documents . Nice feature , but requires a significant investment on server software.When typing an hypertext link , word no longer reformats the font of the URL.Cons : Product activation , which requires network access.All of the Office applications now have a blended help system that first checks help files online first , before getting local help files.XML is useless for end users . Programmers who use Word to write XML will find that Word no longer tries to autocorrect much of the XML , but you will still have the annoying red underline on many of your XML tags because the spellchecker flags them as misspelled.Still , I think it makes a worthy upgrade for 97/2000 users , but XP users will find the expense difficult to justify . More specifically , if you are an end user without a lot of Microsoft back end software installed on your network -LRB- Windows 2000/2003 Server , SharePoint services , etc. -RRB- I would think very carefully before upgrading .
 Microsoft Word 2003 is a great word processing program , but I would strongly recommend the Student and Teacher edition . The Student and Teacher edition contains Word along with Exel , Powerpoint , and Outlook for about $ 120 AND you can install it on up to three separate computers .
 Word is one of those products which has become a victim of its own success , and automatic features that are more annoying than the conveniences they were intended to be . Another issue is the almost non-existent backwards compatibility with previous versions , meaning that only the simplest layouts are likely to successfully transfer across versions . And it does n't seem to matter whether you save as a rich text file -LRB- . rtf -RRB- or a previous version of Word.To get around these problems , I switch all the auto-format features off , and ship anything that needs to be accurately conveyed as a . PDF -LRB- Adobe Acrobat -RRB- , which Word is highly integrated with . Macros work okay , but are best written up in the macro editor . Text for use outside of Word is best saved as a plain Text file , and any formatting done within the destination application . Framemaker , for example.Word is a good word processor and is not a DTP application to any useful extent . And used in its word processor mode , it does compare more than favourably with any alternative that I have tried . And that 's quite a few . The font options and quality of rendition is particularly good . It 's also a good idea to visit and subscribe to word tips , who have a huge amount of advice about Word in general and macros in particular.All in all , there 's not too much to complain about if the aforementioned is observed . Users requiring a more sophisticated product should consider Adobe 's Framemaker .
 I use Word with an all-in-one laser printer and can run scans , faxes and print from it . I have used it for several years in different veersions and I like it despite not needing all its features .
 Word 2003 includes development tools that add dynamic features to documents making them powerful than ever . The power beneath all this is XML , allowing the user to embed components for updating data in documents such as stock quotes . Word 2003 offers simple , familiar yet improved features regular users are accustomed to . Majority of the features in Word 2003 are aimed primarily toward businesses and the Enterprise . But are still necessary for the average user because of the control over information across all the Office applications . Tools such as Information Rights Management -LRB- IRM -RRB- , -LRB- this controls the flow of information to specific users -RRB- , persons can be restricted on how they use your Office files ; whether it 's printing or sharing , very powerful ! Reading view is an enhanced mode of print preview ; documents are laid out in virtual pages reducing the need to print . The Task Pane is also improved by offering resources to look up information on a particular topic being typed ; this is a feature across the core Office applications . Lots of other great features make Word 2003 a worthy upgrade .
 This software installed fine but was inadvertently advertised just as an older version of MS Word , 2003 , whereas , it was really an `` upgrade '' version of the software . Luckily I had a product key for Office 97 that allowed me to install this software .
 I was an original Wordperfect user . Microsoft suggested that for the price of a Wordperfect registration page they would give me a copy of a brand new product called Word . Sure why not . Any thing free is better than paying . But , this was one fantastic deal . I liked the first version so well that I upgraded everytime through version 3 . What I like most about this software is if you are the casual user , you can use it . If you are really smart -LRB- a caterogy that eludes me -RRB- you can do wonders with this massive program . When it comes time for a new computer setup it will be time for a new Office setup including the full version of Word et al. .
 My purchase was received in perfect condition and in a timely manner .
 Word 2003 is more powerful than ever . Unfortunately , most of the new features are aimed primarily towards large business . As a result , many end-users simply wo n't need them -LRB- or be able to use them -RRB- . The users who will benefit most from upgrading are corporate users or users purchasing bundles with new PCs.Pros : Instant Messaging support is now integrated with Office applications . However , only MSN messenger is used . Users who predominantly use Yahoo , trillian , jabber , or ICQ will not find any utility in this feature , without signing up for a messenger account.The user interface has changed for the better , and matches the Windows XP interface better . Personally , I like it . Also , fonts are rendered better , and consequently documents will look better on laptops -LRB- no more jagged edges -RRB- . The Reading Layout feature splits the text into a two column format for easier reading -LRB- think newspaper -RRB- . If you have Microsoft Server and SharePoint services installed on your network , you can share and track changes to word documents . Nice feature , but requires a significant investment on server software.When typing an hypertext link , word no longer reformats the font of the URL.Cons : Product activation , which requires network access.All of the Office applications now have a blended help system that first checks help files online first , before getting local help files.XML is useless for end users . Programmers who use Word to write XML will find that Word no longer tries to autocorrect much of the XML , but you will still have the annoying red underline on many of your XML tags because the spellchecker flags them as misspelled.Still , I think it makes a worthy upgrade for 97/2000 users , but XP users will find the expense difficult to justify . More specifically , if you are an end user without a lot of Microsoft back end software installed on your network -LRB- Windows 2000/2003 Server , SharePoint services , etc. -RRB- I would think very carefully before upgrading .
 I like Word very much , and I am glad MS separated it from Office as I did not need all the parts . Over time , I have learned to do all anyone could require of such a program , and the help on the internet is superb .
 I 'm studying to become a game programmer . I bought this product to upgrade from an older version , primarily , for the ability to make your own formating styles -LRB- in addition to having normal font , the headers , and a couple others . . you can make your own custom ones -RRB- so that managing my game documentation would be easier . That way , if I wanted to change the apearance of soemthing in the document -LRB- such as the font color of a hero 's ability -RRB- , I would need only to change the format that each entry was using rather than change each entry individually.While developing some documentation , I found that being able to set my own bookmarks was also a great feature . That way , I could make charts and tables that cross-referenced each other ... while reading about an ability that makes an item , the user could click the name of the item to be taken to a description of it . From there , either alt + left arrow would take him back to continue reading about the ability . Unfortunately , the interface for all this is rather tedious -- especially when you have a couple hundred references in a document.Ultimately , I decided that building a database and displaying the data through HTML would be easier -- it still provides the ability to update a style and have the document automatically update each part of the document using that style , but also gives me the ability to automatically generate links for cross-referencing . Still , for a WYSIWYG editor , Office is pretty darned good . And since it 's a WYSIWYG editor , it 's still great for prototyping .
 I finally upgraded my word processing program and love it . I knew I would because I have always used MS Word .
 Millcreek Media is the place to do business with!I needed some software `` yesterday '' for a project coming due.I placed my order right before the weekend.I had expected to get the order about mid-week . I came home late tonight -LRB- Monday -RRB- to find my order.The software package was just as advertised , `` Used - Like New '' . The software works as expected.The price was great.Microsoft Visio Professional 2003 -LSB- OLD VERSION -RSB- I knew that my `` emergency '' to get the software ASAP was not Millcreek Media 's problem.Yet , with Millcreek Media having an efficient and customer oriented business operation , my `` emergency '' disappeared.Maybe a little luck was involved but I think they are just good.Yes , I will use them again and I recommend others to use them.However , I will plan better next time.I have to go as I have the software needed to finish my project ...
 Visio has always been an excellent solution for technical diagramming . Version 2003 is no exception and improves upon its predecessor with support for the web and integration with other Office applications . The program still lacks certain elements of Microsoft Office which I feel concerned about . Users are able to import Native Auto CAD drawings directly into Visio , and use the Visio tools to further customize and edit drawings to their hearts content . You can create custom stencils save them and share with other Visio users over a corporate network . You can export diagrams as a webpage so that users who do n't have Visio installed locally on their machine can View diagrams through web browser at different resolutions with ease . The program enables IT Adminstrators to create Diagrams for Active Directory role outs for Windows 2000 Server and Server 2003 . SQL Server or other third party database products such as Oracle and IBM DB2 can use the Visio functionality to outline a companies storage of data through active digrams that automate how data is stored and used . You can create simple project management task , and also export other Visio digrams to PowerPoint and further edit within PowerPoint or Word.Other features include searching for stencils online in the program , which makes it easy for you to find that particular diagram . Visio still lacks certain elements such as native support for WordArt . Overall , this upgrade is a must have for existing Visio 2000 or 5.0 users , but some 2002 users might not see any need for some of the functionality and might wait first to see if their diagramming and network infrastructure needs demand the new functionality and technology that Visio 2003 has to offer .
 We had a quick response need to generate a complex interconnection diagram and one person on staff with some experience with an ealier version of Visio . This combined with some serious Power Point and Excel capability -LRB- and Amazom overnight delivery -RRB- gave us good working second revision within 48 hours . So far we 're very satisfied .
 I am a new user to Visio and love it . It makes me look like I actually know what I am doing .
 I needed upgrades for my Microsoft Office and this really did the trick . I enjoy using Outlook 2003 much more than the older version I had for several years . Most of the other parts of the package are fairly similar , although there are several features of Word that are a bit annoying to me . Otherwise I would give it an excellent rating .
 Finally upgraded from Office 97 and I 'm very happy I did . I like the improved features better , especially with Outlook . If you are a holdout like me , go ahead and upgrade -- it 's worth it !
 For the home use for which I acquired this product , the upgrade is decent . I do n't use most of it 's functionality , but what I do use is very nice .
 I bought this upgrade to try to solve a problem I had with the size of the Outlook pst file.I installed the software without problems and solved the problem , besides adding some improvements to my previous Office version.If you have a significant volume of e-mail , I recommend installing this upgrade .
 Word 2003 includes development tools that add dynamic features to documents making them powerful than ever . The power beneath all this is XML , allowing the user to embed components for updating data in documents such as stock quotes . Word 2003 offers simple , familiar yet improved features regular users are accustomed to . Majority of the features in Word 2003 are aimed primarily toward businesses and the Enterprise . But are still necessary for the average user because of the control over information across all the Office applications . Tools such as Information Rights Management -LRB- IRM -RRB- , -LRB- this controls the flow of information to specific users -RRB- , persons can be restricted on how they use your Office files ; whether it 's printing or sharing , very powerful ! Reading view is an enhanced mode of print preview ; documents are laid out in virtual pages reducing the need to print . The Task Pane is also improved by offering resources to look up information on a particular topic being typed ; this is a feature across the core Office applications . Lots of other great features make Word 2003 a worthy upgrade.Excel is a XML mammoth because of the integration with the language . The ability to migrate data between different storage sources and extraction of information to make it flexible in different scenarios . Tables can be transferred back and forth between applications such Word with ease . Excel can continually use the tables from documents as a data source for further expandability . It 's the flexibility for data exchange that makes Excel 2003 very powerful.Outlook , is so revamped , this alone is a worthy upgrade . Three panes in Outlook 2003 make e-mail an enjoyable experience . The Mail Pane holds all of the necessary tools found in prior versions of Outlook such as the Outlook Bar , and the different folders such as inbox , calendar , etc. . The second pane gives an expanded view of the different items listed in the Mail Pane , like your incoming mail , contacts and calendar , which makes reading these information resources easier on the eye and productive by providing a better view . Reading your e-mail in the third pane -LRB- Preview Pane -RRB- , the user views the message in portrait layout , more content is seen compared to prior versions . Its even better to view e-mails with `` Clear Type '' turned on for Windows XP users . Other features such as improved Virus and Spam protection makes Outlook 2003 a great upgrade . Outlook is not placed on the desktop by default , it can also be minimized to the system tray in Windows , for users connected to an Exchange Server , this displays all the network settings available.PowerPoint 2003 offers the same features of version 2002 , but what makes it an enticing upgrade is the package to CD feature that allows users to save presentations onto CD-ROMS . The PowerPoint Viewer included with each Package to CD allows it to be played on other computer systems even if PowerPoint is not installed . Windows media integration is also in PowerPoint 2003 , which makes watching presentations more fun and exciting . The effects are fantastic when combined with these elements . The ability to integrate videos into Presentations to create home movies has long been a request of users , even if they have a DVD burner . For the PowerPoint 2000 user this is a worthy upgrade that provides simple yet Powerful tools to take presentation graphics to a new level .
 My new laptop came with a trial of microsoft office . So basically I purchased this for the key code so that I could have it perminately . Microsoft office includes all of the major programs including word and excel . If your computer does n't already have these programs buy it !
 I have been using the Visio diagramming software since the 2000 version . In my mind this upgrade is the best I have purchased.The interface with the rest of the Office XP 2003 Suite is vastly improved . I can now take a diagram created in Visio and drop it into Word documents , PowerPoint Presentations and e-mails without having to reformat it . In the past the transfer was never clean.Once the diagram is embedded , I can emphasize and clarify key points , gather input from team members and even share documents using SharePoint services . This is a huge timesaver for me.If you embed your diagrams in other documents , you will love this upgrade .
 Visio has always been an excellent solution for technical diagramming . Version 2003 is no exception and improves upon its predecessor with support for the web and integration with other Office applications . The program still lacks certain elements of Microsoft Office which I feel concerned about . Users are able to import Native Auto CAD drawings directly into Visio , and use the Visio tools to further customize and edit drawings to their hearts content . You can create custom stencils save them and share with other Visio users over a corporate network . You can export diagrams as a webpage so that users who do n't have Visio installed locally on their machine can View diagrams through web browser at different resolutions with ease . The program enables IT Adminstrators to create Diagrams for Active Directory role outs for Windows 2000 Server and Server 2003 . SQL Server or other third party database products such as Oracle and IBM DB2 can use the Visio functionality to outline a companies storage of data through active digrams that automate how data is stored and used . You can create simple project management task , and also export other Visio digrams to PowerPoint and further edit within PowerPoint or Word.Other features include searching for stencils online in the program , which makes it easy for you to find that particular diagram . Visio still lacks certain elements such as native support for WordArt . Overall , this upgrade is a must have for existing Visio 2000 or 5.0 users , but some 2002 users might not see any need for some of the functionality and might wait first to see if their diagramming and network infrastructure needs demand the new functionality and technology that Visio 2003 has to offer .
 I found this upgrade to install easily and well perform as expected . Help function is good but lack of hard copy manual or availabilty of one is a disappointment .
 This is about the 4th version of Drive Image that I 've run over the last few years and it is easily the most impressive.I upgraded from Drive Image 5 to DI 7 a few weeks ago and have been steadily wowed by the new version.Backups I 've made with this software have now saved me twice -- once when I got a little too zealous with some file cleanup efforts , and once when an major software update failed in the middle . In both cases , I simply restored my previously saved backup image and within minutes everything was fine again.The single most important new feature is the ability to backup and restore while XP is active so you have easy access to network drives , USB drives , SCSI drives , full DMA support , etc -- all items that used to be problematic when backing up under DOS in previous versions.The DMA support -LRB- under Windows -RRB- and the new version boosted my backup speeds from one hard drive to another from 140MB/min to about 750MB/min . It 's astonishing -- a 4 gigabyte backup takes 3 minutes on my 1.7 ghz P4 machine with 2 IDE hard drives!DI7 now has the ultimate backup feature that I 've been lusting after for many years -- unattended scheduling of backups . Previous versions allowed for backups to be scheduled but they had to be done when Windows was n't active , or they could n't include the system drive . Both restrictions are gone with this version -- simply set up a backup schedule and the Drive Image service will `` wake up '' and perform your backup with the OS active , whether you are logged in or not . All you have to do is clear off some hard drive space on another drive , sit back , and your drive will just automatically back itself up ! Fabulous!Some of the other posters have touched on the downsides to the software -- DI is sensitive to the type of drives you are using -- it has limits with size and type -LRB- no Serial ATA yet , according to another poster -RRB- . Previous versions were limited to 120GB drives , this one is limited to 160GB drives -LRB- I believe -RRB- . Plenty big enough for me but it 's something to be aware of.I was a little surprised initially when I went to restore my backed up system drive because I had to restart the system and boot off the DI 7 CD -- but this makes sense as you would n't want to wipe out the disk image of your currently running system drive . That would be a bit like sawing off the tree limb that you 're standing on -- it 's hard to fault PowerQuest for this.I also encountered a minor bug when backing up a drive to a CD after turning on the `` maximum compression '' setting -- it got to the final stages of burning the CD and then reported that an `` unknown exception '' had occurred . The problem vanished when I repeated this at the `` default compression '' setting.I highly recommend this software . This has been the most exciting software upgrade for me for the last year -- way to go PowerQuest !
 I 've used Norton Ghost PE for several years on a Win 2k system . I can never be sure if I have a good Ghost backup or not . Often , I 've had to rebuild my system from scratch after a disk crash when I discovered my Ghost backup was corrupted.Overall , I 've been very pleased with Drive Image 7 . It makes a perfect backup of Windows 2k when Windows is running . Each time I 've needed to restore , it has worked flawlessly . I am backing up to an external USB drive . When restoring , Drive Image 7 has no difficulty recognizing and restoring from the USB hard drive.The negatives :1 -RRB- Have been unable to create a DVD-RW backup . It will run for over 24 hours trying to backup 7 gigs of data . I 've never been successful doing this . I have come to the conclusion this software is incapable of backup to DVD .2 -RRB- It could just be my setup , but when booting from the Drive Image disk I am unable to see any other PC 's on my local network . I 've not spent much time troubleshooting this aspect , but from my limited experience so far , networking after bootup from the Drive Image CD will not work.However , if you want to backup your data to a locally connected hard drive I do n't think you can beat this software.Hopefully future releases will fix the DVD and networking problems . When these problems are fixed , I do n't think you could find a better solution to automated backups than Drive Image 7 .
 a great upgrade from drive image 2002under the last version , a backup would take hours and had to be done in a DOS environment . Now it can be done in 15 min and in windows . WOW !! This is the software I 've wanted for a long time . I `` ve used norton ghost too , and this is better than that . save yourself any hassles and just get this . it ships with drive image 7 -LRB- windows xp users only -RRB- and also the 2002 version for those people who do n't use windowsxpYou need the CD to do any restoring of images .
 Thus far I have been happy with Drive Image 7 . In the past I used Norton Ghost and it worked fine on FAT 32 hard drives on older Windows platforms . But Norton Ghost is useless for making images of hard drives formatted in NTFS , which is used in XP Pro and usually on Windows 2000 . To date it has worked fine , it is easy to use -LRB- user friendly -RRB- , makes images very fast , and has no limits on the size of image files . Norton Ghost would span files larger than 2 gigabytes . Considering that the NTFS filing system is becoming more common , Drive Image 7 satisfies the need to image hard drives in NTFS .
 Have been using it for several months after I lost my c drive . The install cd doubles as a boot disk which has the utilities to allow you to restore from the drives . You can also click on the somewhat compressed backups and extract a single file . No problem seeing my USB backup that has 173 gigs . Automated scheduler works with no problem . You can set the times and how many copies you want to keep . Works while you sleep . Pretty easy.If you are like I was , and think it will be no big deal to go back and rebuild your c drive from scratch - think again . It 's a major pain and 2-3 weeks later you will still be finding stuff you have n't reinstalled yet . For a few bucks you can avoid it .
 Works as advertised . I took me 14 mins to create a image of my harddrive to an external firewire drive . The drive had 15 GB of data , and the compressed image was 8.5 GB . I wanted to test it to make sure that the product actually works , so I 've booted off the included recovery CD , all my controllers were recognized even thou my C
 I had an unfortunate experience with an under-warranty Gateway running XP . To make a long story short , they eventually fixed it but only after re-installing XP -LRB- which they did not have to do -RRB- . I was left with no software at all -LRB- even that which came with the computer since it was destroyed by a moving company -RRB- . I determined this would not happen again . I purchased Drive Image 7 and it was the easiest program I ever used . Following their step by step instructions I tested to see if it would boot off the CD -LRB- it did -RRB- and backed up in no time to an external drive . You can even schedule backups and copy the backup to a CD . I wish I had this sooner . Best thing is you do n't need to be a computer genius to use it .
 Like most computer users , I expected that sooner or later something would go wrong . So I made it a practice to back up my entire computer -LRB- 3 of them -RRB- from time to time . Something got on one of them . Try as I might , I could n't find it and it was occupying a huge amount of space -LRB- almost 20 gb -RRB- . Long story short , I considered reformatting the hard drive and reloading a ton of programs . First , I thought I 'd try to reinstall the backup image of the drive . It worked like a charm . My concern that the old `` hidden '' program or whatever , would n't be overwritten . It was and it was restored perfectly to the last backup point . Do n't be without it . You will need a device to backup to such as an external hard drive . Otherwise , a charm .
 Looks and works about the same as PI 7 , but with a few execellent useability enhancements .1 -RRB- I love the new `` Level '' command for correcting over - and under-exposed photos . Just pick a pixel that supposed to be pure white and/or one that 's pure black , and PI adjusts the picture accordingly . Useful for white balance correction , too .2 -RRB- The editable Lasso tool is great ! You can create really precise selections by creating and moving control points within the Lasso'ed selection .3 -RRB- The Crop tool is better . It now shades cropped areas -LRB- so that you can see the crop in the context of the whole picture -RRB- before you finalize the operation.BTW , check out Stephanie 's PhotoImpact Tutorials at http://www.....com/ for ideas on how to use all of the new features .
 All Art Explosion Clip Art Programs are the BEST ! I am still , after all of these years , using Art Explosion 75,000 . I am just now ordering this 300,000 . My 75,000 book is so torn and tattered , must be at least 7-10 years old . I have used this program for every project imaginable.Whats so great about it ? * Easy to work with images ... You can ungroup the images in a program like Coral Draw and change colors , etc. . Anything you want really . * Easy to find images ... No hassles * Huge variety of images in all sorts of catagories , un-imaginable ! * Great quality images!I cant say enough about these programs ! They are the Best !
 I am very pleased with this product . More pictures and images than you could possibly need in every category . I 'm very happy with the value for the money .
 I got this clip art collection for my sister two months ago . I kept hearing praise about it so I ordered one for myself . I am glad that I did . It has over 300,000 -LRB- 8 GIGS -RRB- of images !! It has 57,000 color photos , web graphics ... and much more . Now I can see why this company is the number 1 clip art company
 I lobve this clip art collection . it has everything I can ask for A +
 This has more clip art then I will ever need ! 14 , I repeat , 14 CD 's full of clip art . It has vector and raster images , web graphics , high res photos , and backgrounds . The variety of clip art is amazing . I will highly recommend this clip art to anyone in need of high quality clip art !!!!
 This is the best product I have found so far that teaches intro to Spanish . It is kid friendly , my 3-year-old uses it , educational and very entertaining with characters my child can relate to . Lessons are introduced with fun songs with video and lyrics , where each word is highlighted as it is sang . Then , more indepth concept presentation is done , which I would compare to the flashcards-teaching style . This is then followed by a dynamic test.Love the whole series from Super Star Phonics so much that I have bought the whole set of 8 , found brand new under the name `` Help Me to Learn Super Star Eight '' for about $ 109 . Spanish as second language is only one of the 8 DVD 's focussing on the language . The other 7 Super Star DVD 's are teaching English phonics , which are made in the same style and we love them all .
 I 've been using SpamKiller for almost a year on a P-III with 512MB of RAM , Roadrunner -LRB- Broadband service -RRB- , Windows XP Home Edition and Outlook for XP and I have n't had a single problem with the program.The ONLY reason I give it four stars instead of five is that it still lets about 4-5 SPAMS through out of the 50 I get per day . Also , occasionally I will close the program and instead of minimizing into my icon tray it will show up on my taskbar . I have to restart the program and minimize it again to make it go away . Of course , that 's a small price to pay for such a useful program . It easily saves me 15 to 20 minutes a day and , contrary to some of the other reviews , SpamKiller filtered 800 messages for me in just a few minutes .
 Spamkiller 4 does a pretty good job of catching spam . It 's easy to rescue a message if it 's accidentally put in the Killed folder , and it 's easy to create a new filter if a spam is n't caught so you do n't get it again . There 's a handy icon in the system tray that shows when there 's new email . This is a stand-alone program . If you are thinking about getting SpamKiller 5 or Norton AntiSpam -LRB- which integrate with your email program -RRB- be sure to read the reviews first !
 Good
 `` At Westtown School we have all three ScienceTutor applications on our school 's computer network and many of our students also have the software on their own personal computers . My own students have found ChemTutor to be extremely helpful for studying and preparing for tests . This past spring , for the first time , all of my first-year chemistry students had access to ChemTutor to help them prepare for the SAT II in Chemistry . I was very pleased with how well those students performed on that exam ... better than any previous group of students I have ever taught . `` Kurt M. Wicks , Chemistry Teacher , Westtown School
 `` BioTutor , ChemTutor and PhysicsTutor are the best educational software packages I have seen for science students . They help students of all ability levels to get better grades with less total studying time . They help students to learn more efficiently and more effectively . `` Ted Lutkus , Science Department Chair , Westtown School
 `` I used ChemTutor last year while I was taking Chemistry . It helped me to better prepare for tests . ChemTutor was especially helpful in studying for the final . It took me less time to study because I did n't have to go through every chapter in the textbook . With ChemTutor 's Semester Exam option , I could cover all of the topics at once . `` Sarah Speth , 11th Grade Chemistry Student , Orchard Lake , MI
 `` I used ChemTutor and got a 750 on the SAT II in Chemistry ! `` Jeremy Saul , 10th Grade Chemistry Student , West Chester , PA
 `` ChemTutor is great ! It really helped me to further understand the material . '' ... 10th Grade Chemistry Student , Media , PA
 `` ChemTutor made all the difference for me in Chemistry . I was having difficulty with Chemistry , but when I started using ChemTutor my grades shot way up . `` Alston Lambert II , 10th Grade Chemistry Student , Brooklyn , NY
 `` ChemTutor is a blessing . I 've always been a good student , but when I got to high school , math and science hit me hard ... especially chemistry . I found that doing ChemTutor for two or three days before every test improved my test scores by almost a letter grade . I 'll never be a chemist , but at least now I feel more confident walking into chem class everyday . `` Sarah Hudson , 11th Grade Advanced Chemistry Student , Kennett Square , PA
 This is the way consumer-level legal software should be written . LLC Maker takes you step-by-step through the process of setting up a limited liability company -LRB- LLC -RRB- in any of the 50 states , plus DC . It asks you a series of questions , you answer , tell it which state , and bingo , you have all the documents you 'll need to file with your state 's secretary of state . Well worth the price , especially considering you do n't have to pay your attorney the couple hundred dollars he or she will charge to do this for you .
 We used this to set up our LLC & found it very easy to use & follow . We were able to set up all our necessary legal documents with this program . We had a lawyer & our accountant review the documents we created & they said it was perfect .
 `` I worked with BioTutor over the weekend before a major test in AP Biology . I can definitely say that BioTutor was significant in my getting the best grade in the class . It especially helped me to get a stronger grasp of all the facts and concepts , and to gain a better understanding of how they all fit together . `` Eric Klose , 12th Grade AP Biology Student , Downingtown , PA
 `` BioTutor , ChemTutor , and PhysicsTutor are the best educational software packages I have seen for science students . They help students of all ability levels to get better grades with less total studying time . They help students to learn more efficiently and more effectively . `` Ted Lutkus , Science Department Chair , Westtown School
 `` I 've been using BioTutor and it really helps . It 's pulled up my grade from a B to an A . The only reason I was getting a B before was because I did n't have very good test scores . However , on my most recent test -LRB- on Genetics -RRB- I got a 37 out of 35 points -LRB- including a 2 point extra credit question -RRB- because I had reviewed that chapter in BioTutor . It 's really helpful ! `` 9th grade biology student , Portage , MI
 bio tutor is the best bio helping program sold on the market today . it brought my grade up a full letter grade . i had a c - and then when i started to use this program on my next test i got a A. which at the end of the trimester i had an b - . every one should have this program if they are doing bad in bio and want to improve .
 BioTutor helped me to excel and gave me an advantage over the other students in my class . BioTutor 's probing questions and diagrams make a difficult subject easy to understand .
 `` BioTutor , ChemTutor , and PhysicsTutor are the best educational software packages I have seen for science students . They help students of all ability levels to get better grades with less total studying time . They help students to learn more efficiently and more effectively . `` Ted Lutkus , Science Department Chair , Westtown School
 `` PhysicsTutor helps students to learn physics and to test their knowledge of and ability to apply physical concepts . The tutorials cover both the quantitative and qualitative aspects of physics . PhysicsTutor goes way beyond the plug and chug approach that too many courses employ , and allows the student to get a feel for the subject matter . Almost all of the tutorial questions that require calculations can be done without a calculator so PhysicsTutor is an excellent studying tool for the SAT II subject test in physics . `` Martin Lodish , Science Department Chair , The Hill School
 `` PhysicsTutor is immeasurably helpful in preparing for any kind of physics test or exam . `` Jonathan Evans , 12th Grade Physics Student , Texarkana , TX
 PhysicsTutor is excellent . The graphics are good , it is easy to follow , and it has good content .
 `` PhysicsTutor is excellent . The graphics are good , it is easy to follow , and it has good content ...
 This is my first experience with the OneNote product from Microsoft and it 's been a good one . At first I just jumped right in and started trying to use it without any orientation nor reading of the documentation . That was OK but the product is so flexible that I had a hard time figuring out how to use it best . Then I read somewhere that it 's like a really great electronic 3-ring binder and I started using it as such.It 's installed on Vista Ultimate on my laptop -LRB- Fujitsu N6420 -RRB- and it has become a staple part of my software toolkit . I use it for everything from research to meeting notes to shopping notes to web surfing to glorified clipboard ... The list is almost endless . It 's the greatest `` catch-all '' tool I have.I particularly like the fact that it handles hand-drawn graphics via my Wacom digitizing pad . I use that to both create new visual ideas as well as to annotate existing documents in OneNote.It seems very stable - it 's never once hung or complained about anything I 've shoved into it.Very highly recommended .
 OneNote 2003 was a ground-breaking product . The idea of having digital notebooks rather than a list of Word documents buried in folders for organization is a simple one , yet Microsoft took the concept and created an intuitive and genuinely useful piece of software . OneNote 2007 builds upon the original version and delivers additional user-requested features , and it 's honestly quite difficult to come up with any shortcomings this program may have . I have stored my entire life in OneNote , well over 8 GB worth of data , and I trust that Microsoft will continue to develop this product with close feedback from users.The main advantages of the new 2007 version include the ability to print documents into OneNote for annotation , instant search -LRB- and search within printed documents , even if they were simply scanned -RRB- and tagging , improved sharing capabilities , native PDF publishing , and a whole host of tablet PC enhancements with regard to ink.Tablet PC users will be able to reap all the features that OneNote offers , but notebook users fear not
 This is a very useful piece of software for anyone that needs to compile a lot of information very quickly . The ability to then go back and search the content of what you have compiled is amazing . I do consulting work and have to take notes and then go back and figure out how to make sense out of everything -- not all the information I need to get down is in the form of text . I can record a conversation , add a picture , capture all or some of a web site , and more . It lets me work the way my brain is wired and that is not very often compatible with a spreadsheet.If I could figure out how to make it get me coffee everything would be perfect .
 Microsoft 's OneNote is a vast improvement over its original release . It is more intuitive , easier to navigate and just plain easier to use . As a writer it has significantly improved my productivity in compiling interivews and notes for my articles . I recommend it very highly and I do not , as a rule , make such recommendations lightly . More bang for the buck .
 OneNote is a product that my wife and I love . I was looking for a software product flexible enough to allow me to implement David Allen 's Getting Things Done -LRB- GTD -RRB- system the way I wanted to , and as a result I looked at and tested many , MANY software products . At first I fought trying OneNote because I do n't like Microsoft , but I finally gave in to a trial . Since then I have found OneNote and Outlook to be the perfect GTD system for me . I have never traditionally been an organized person , but now my life is in order more than it ever has been . I LOVE how OneNote integrates with Outlook tasks . Aside from organizing my life , OneNote also organizes virtually ANY information I wish to store . My wife uses OneNote for EVERYTHING from her project management job to her personal life to lists to everything . She 's an organization freak and she is in love with OneNote . Great product !
 This is a great product . You can organize information very easily . Works well with VPN or a notebook to share info . I am a medical doctor and this is great for research .
 I 've been looking for a product like this all my working life . I started with OneNote 2003 and upgraded to 2007 as soon as it was available . I use it daily for everything from my To-Do list , to a daily journal for work and personal . It is handy to store the multitude of projects , notes , operating instructions , help desk notes , network notes , passwords , etc. . I will never understand why Microsoft does n't just include this with every Office package . It is like a best-kept secret . Hard to sell my office mates and bosses on this product when it costs extra to buy to add on to most Office packages . Come on Microsoft , this product is not only for students . Just about everyone in business could use this and it would be a wonderful product for collabrative notes in most businesses !
 I started using this for school this semester and I already love it . I wish I had it sooner . It 's worth every penny -LRB- though I only paid about half the cost with my student discount -RRB- . It allows you to be as organized as you want to be . I currently have my semester notebook set up with a section group for each class . Within each section group I have separate sections for lecture , readings , assignments , etc. . I even scanned my books and printed them to onenote and carry all my books on my Acer Aspire One that way . I take my lecture notes right on my netbook , and OneNote lets me record the lectures as I am typing my notes . I have a LiveScribe that I also love , but I think I prefer using OneNote . My notes are in outline format and the autoformatting that OneNote uses makes them look great.With OneNote you can click anywhere on the page and start typing . That 's great for annotating the books I mentioned before . It is also possible to highlight text . OneNote is also penable , I have a Wacom tablet and will experiment with adding diagrams and drawings as needed.Oh yeah , and of course I can keep my schedule and to-do lists for my homework assignments , which helps me keep on top of them . This is my fourth semester in college and the previous three semesters writing assignments were always sneaking up on me . I 've been able to keep track of them much better using OneNote.I 'm not exactly a Microsoft fangirl , in fact OneNote is the only thing keeping me from installing Linux on my netbook , but I love this product . Microsoft has created something really awesome with this software title and there is nothing out there that even comes close . And I 've looked ! I was hoping to find a Linux based product that was as good , but everything I found just did not compete .
 Overall , I am happy with the purchase of OneNote 2007 . It takes some study and practise to fully utilize . I am not there yet , but I see great potential in the product . The fact that it is seamlessly interfaced to Office 2007 products is a plus . OneNote 2007 is much more powerful than most text base note taking software . I have tried several and used one for years . Plan on ditching it for OneNote as soon as my confidence level increases .
 I made the mistake of ordering this product and Microsoft Office 2007 which I did n't realize that it was also offered in Office 2007 which I did n't need 2 of them so I gave the other one to my sister who just loves to keep all her records in them
 I was n't aware of this software until I used the trial version installed on my new PC . I realize that it 's intended for student use , but as an independent business person this helps me keep notes on my clients and all of the other information that I come across neatly and quickly organized . And the fact that it automatically saves ... I do n't have to ctrl + S even ... that 's gold . This is a really smart piece of software .
 This has been a great way to stay organized using my phone and keep track of multiple projects.I use it for shopping listskeeping track of what size items I need for house remodelsWhat exact computer I have at home and things like what type or RAM each takesThis is just a great way to stay organized and I know I 'm using only a fraction of what it can do .
 Got one note for work and it has been very helpful in organizing my work , meetings and tasks . The fact that it integrates well with office applications is great !
 This program is a great help in organizing my life . I can put in reminders , information I do n't want to lose like household repair records , instructions , etc. . It is the first thing I look at each morning when I open up the computer .
 OneNote is an excellent and handy product for both home and business . It would get 5 stars if it was just a little easier to sync between multiple computers . The sync procedure is somewhat complicated .
 OneNote seems to have fixed a number of weak points in their 2003 product and now it is a much better note taking application , easy to set it up , easy to add notes/emails/cut and paste from the web etc. . Also it is easy to share your notes with other folks both users and non-users of OneNote .
 OneNote is my favorite software package . I use it for work , graduate school and personal projects . It has an intuitive interface and is easily reconfigurable . Data is safed automatically as it is entered . I use both the link and clip features all the time . With the link you can easily create hyperlinks to files on your own computer or the web . With the clip command , you can capture all of a part of a page/graphic/anything and it will automatically be pasted into your OneNote file . This is also a great tool for a student . Terrific !
 OneNote elminates sticky note clutter and confusion on the desk . This is a powerful tool to save time searching for a note , an address , an website url , anything you want to recall quickly . The more I use it the more powerful it becomes . Could not be without it .
 The 2007 version is more tightly integrated w / Office , great tool for a project manager or someone that spends a lot of time on calls/meetings taking and organizing notes .
 OneNote is really cool !! Never having to rembmer to save your document is a life saver . It takes the good things of word and makes them better . I 've only got one thing that is keeping this from a full 5 stars and thats every once in a while when you go to open OneNote , it says it 's already running in the background and therefore wo n't open . When you go to the task list the program is not running , so you ca n't shut it down . Microsoft probably just needs to release a fix for that . Trust me , this program is worth getting . I 'd recomend spending your money for the whole office suite so you get all the 2007 versions , but that 's just me . Enjoy : -RRB-
 I have been searching for a solution in project management for over four years . Being a manager for a corporation , I am bombarded by emails , phone calls , documents , conversations , meeting , and employee performance discussions . Although Microsoft Office suites offer good tools to deal with these events , I could not find a solution to tie everything together.I have relied on using task manager , handwritten journals and digital journals , and various project manager softwares , but none seemed to really solve my problem . I needed something to document in a journal like fashion of things that happen day-to-day but still tie in with Outlook calendar and tasks.Until last week , while searching I discovered OneNote . Downloaded their free trial from Microsoft Online . Took some getting used to as the options and sections were so flexible . After one day of use , I 'm sold on it . I ca n't believe this product had a 2003 version and did n't know about it . What a shame ! All that lost productivity and organization . Better late than never.If you need a way to organize your thoughts , events of the day , tasks to be completed in a single location but hyperlinks specific items to Outlook email , to do tasks , contacts , PDF/Word documents , and various projects , then this may be the answer .
 I have been in sales for 16 years and have always looked a reasonable solution to manage notes and files electronically ... this tool is the perfect tool and very easy to use . I highly recommend it !!!
 I had Office 2003 but never use onenote , I actually removed it cause it was never used . I moved to Office 2007 and I took it out again , till I was looking for a single place to take notes and tried Evernote and did n't care for it , its a great product , do n't get me wrong . I installed OneNote 07 again and played with it and found it to be easy to use and it worked well with the rest of Office.I have been using it for a year now ... I have it on both of my computers and the folders that contain each notebook is setup to be syncd from notebook to desktop and the other way around . I found a plug-in for Firefox that lets me pull website information easily , you can copy paste as well . I have a app for my ipod touch that lets me sync to it as well , so I have my notes with me.As you use this product you will use paper and pencil less and less . If I ever left Office , I would still buy this as a standalone , its that useful .
 OneNote is wonderful for legal or consulting work . You an create a notebook for each major case or project . -LRB- There are pretty good legal-oriented templates on line at the microsoft download site . -RRB- Or , you can create a notebook for eachIt 's also great for research , such as for a book , which I used it for.Finally , you can keep recipes in it.Super flexible -- clip a copy of a screen image or `` print '' a document to it .
 I have used other packages but this one 's integration in the Office System and look/feel is excellent by far . It allows for organization of notes , so-so customization of page views -LRB- colors are too pastel for me -RRB- , a great screen capture tool , and a pop-up note taker that stays over the application window which is one of its strengths.It allows for hyper-linking of documents within text , formatting is free so one is not fixed to writing down the page . The only issue is its lack of linking multiple documents at once or linking to just a directory of documents which I am sure there must be a fix somewhere . The search routine is excellent.I hope Microsoft continues to enhance this product as it is a great addition either as a stand-alone package or integrated into other Office packages . It is a great tool for students from grade-school through doctoral students as it offers utility regardless of education venue . It is very handy for the professional or whoever has to do note taking tasks or other journal-type activity .
 This software is awesome . I can not still understand why Microsoft is not promoting this product strongly . This is the best new product in the office product group . Even enterprise IT departments need to think about using this software seriously . I believe there is productivity improvement if all users get used to this . We are in a difficult economic condition and now is the right time to learn new and more productive software.The heart of this product is `` replacement of paper and digitalization of analog information '' . I use this software mainly to take notes of the conferences and the meetings that I participated . I used to use a paper notebook but I do not use it anymore . Collaboration , sharing , search and database construction -- there are so many benefit to keep information in a digital format not analog format.Not only for my work , I can even keep my private info and userid/password of websites and protect them by password . Graphics , pictures , video and sound files are created and kept in a seamless manner . Communication with my wife is done partly through this software - scheduling and expense management , insurance , landscape , home maintenance , etc. . . Highly Recommended . Period .
 I have been using this product for over a month and I have found its flexibility to be excellent . This product has enabled me to get rid of `` numerous '' post-it notes , and have also been able to take quick notes while I am on the road . I use this to keep my work organized , and I am able to share my information with my co-workers with screen clips . My only negative comment is that this product is included in the Student Version but not the Professional Version of Office . This application should be included and would make many professionals more effective . Bottom Line , I really , really like this program and would reccommend it to any one who wants to be better organzied .
 I finally found a program that replaces all my little piles of notes all over my desk . It is easy to use and keeps all my notes , email links and information organized . I love that I can find everything in one place .
 Microsoft OneNote 2007Seriously folks - this is the best program ever . I 'm an information junkie , and have a huge amount of notes from books and the internet . This program allowed me to put my notes all in one place . I can find things now ! Notes do you no good when they 're buried under more notes on your desk . My desk is clean , and I can reference anything anywhere , anytime all on my laptop now . Best money I ever spent . : o -RRB-
 Great way to get rid of all that paper . Very stable , very simple . Highly recommend . This is a great value , as the download from Microsoft is $ 99 .
 I had the 2003 version of One Note and I love the expanded functionality of this program . as a student it is awesome for keeping all my notes organized . Even for personal projects and business it is great because I can keep all my notes in one place , arrange it however I want , and not waste time opening separate files just to view stuff . I recommend it to everybody I know for keeping track of all your information .
 This is the most useful program I have ever used . It has revolutionized the way I work and play on my computer . Kudos to Microsoft for creating the exact program everyone needs ! I highly recommend this to anyone who works on multiple projects , manages community events , or just needs a way to keep track of any information on their computer.OneNote has changed my life !
 I purchased Microsoft OneNote 2007 as an upgrade to OneNote 2003 . The install went smooth . All my OneNote 2003 notes were imported into OneNote 2007 correctly . While I have not tried all the new features in OneNote 2007 , the ones I have tried worked as expected . OneNote is a great tool for keeping notes . I use it keep notes on Photoshop , Lightroom , Illustrator , Photography , etc. techniques I find in books , magazines , etc. . This have made finding a technique to use for a particular application much easier . I believe OneNote 2007 has earned a 5 star rating from me .
 The design is intuitive , the layout options on each page are flexible , and overall the software has done excellent things for my organization and productivity . I highly recommend it to students looking for a better way to keep notes for classes and writing projects .
 First , you have to decide to use this method of keeping notes . It has been a very good `` collector '' of my notes for projects as I store many different type of info - now - all in one spot -- it does real well with copy and paste as it adds a link to were it came from ! I really like the book , folder , page idea for storage . I tried a couple of different ways to store my notes , but when I could n't find stuff - I switched methods -- easy to do and no lost info.You can also save the file to a webpage -- cool idea as I have sent some to colleagues who do n't have this program and they are still able to see my notes using IE .
 I started a task-heavy job as a project manager about six months ago that really tested my organizational skills . Last month I was introduced to this amazing product and was blown away by the amount of time it helped me save!It 's integration with the traditional Microsoft Office suite of products is something I never could have expected . It saves me from flipping through notebooks , post-its , and lost emails while keeping track of all my tasks and documents.I could only imagine what this type of product could have done for me in college ! I would have been by far the most well organized note taker in the room . No more wondering what it was you had scribbled down in a frenzy at the last minute.Try it and you will wonder why you ever spent time doing it the old fashioned way !
 I normally am a huge critic of MS products - but I find OneNote amazingly useful . I love how you can just drag notes , pictures , emails , tables , and other stuff in any arrangement you like . The shared notebook mode is really cool and great for teams . It syncs behind the scenes - so you can keep working on the shared notebook even while you travel , and it syncs when you get back . The screen shot tool is really nice - and it even searches for text inside the images you include -LRB- yes you read that right -RRB- . I consider this a must-have tool for projects or just plain organizing your life .
 Its really nice to have a method to save a lot of random data , often with illustrations . One Note allows me to bring in data from a multitude of resources , and organize it in a way that allows me to find it easily . Its an easy to use , but very effective , solution to my needs .
 I 've used version 2003 and enjoyed it thoroughly . I primarily used it for school with different classes and notes for each . What was great is that is consolidates everything in a way that makes it easy to retrieve your notes . It also makes it easy to generate reports based on the tagging feature . The tags allow you to highlight and gather key points of information that make writing papers a breeze . When working with paper , this was not always an easy task to take on.Several weeks ago , I downloaded the trial version of OneNote 2007 . The improvements are rather subtle , but powerful . It did n't take anything to get comfortable with the new features . After a short time with the trial version I just purchased it because it was so much fun.Here are some of the beneficial features : - Like a paper notebook you have sections , but with OneNote 2007 you can have as many sections as you like.-You can easily link pages to Outlook . I have linked appointments to a series of notes and support files for various projects and meetings . It makes being organized for a meeting a breeze.-Also , it 's a great way to archive emails in a way that allows you to see them and organize them as you wish . You can empty your in box and at the same time keep a record of important emails . Well worth your time.-It is also tablet friendly if you use a tablet PC like I do . I love it for that use . There is a fantastic text recognition feature that works EXTREMELY well . If you use a tablet , this is a great feature.-As was with the earlier version , you can add voice content to your notes . That 's right , voice recorded messages can be added to your notes . Too cool.Before you buy , you might want to go to the Microsoft site and download the trial version . You 'll be able to assess for yourself . I think you 'll be pleased . I fond it to be one of the best products for ` electronic file keeping ' that I 've used . For the price , it 's not a bad deal .
 I have used OneNote 2003 for a couple of years now , and it is a fantastic program . OneNote 2007 is a very nice upgrade . It is extremely versatile and works with a variety of organizational styles . I have gone nearly paperless for my projects . I can pull in emails , web pages , graphics , scanned documents , MS Office -LRB- and other -RRB- documents , screen clippings -LRB- a OneNote feature -RRB- , Excel tables , links to files and web sites , etc. . OneNote 2007 adds a a better , more intuitive interface , and integrates better with Outlook -LRB- e.g. , the tasks work together better -RRB- and other Office programs . -LRB- Note
 As a productivity coach and a Tablet PC aficionado , I used One Note 2003 extensively . I found it an outstanding tool for taking notes using a tablet PC . I enjoyed being able to take notes and easily search them and convert them to text as needed . However , beyond the Tablet PC , I found it 's usefulness limited.Not so with 2007 . Microsoft has now made this product as indispensable as Word or Outlook , in my opinion . For instance , I just `` inserted as file '' a scan from a Magazine I took almost a year ago . OneNote 2007 instantly indexed the article and made it a searchable part of my archive . The same can be done with business cards.now , imagine that same search functionality with Live audio ! You can record meeting sessions and have OneNote index the audio while the computer is idle . Voila ! Instant search capability of audio . Plus , during playback , you can see the progression of your notes while the audio plays.One nifty little feature I really enjoy is the `` napkin calculator '' just type in a mathematical expression such as `` 15 x 12 = '' and hit space , and OneNote will automatically calculate the answer -LRB- and more complex equations , as well . -RRB- Finally , in conjunction with Outlook 2007 , OneNote 2007 is a powerful meeting note organizer . By right clicking on any meeting in my Outlook calendar , I can select `` OneNote Meeting Notes '' . It automatically creates a page for keeping those notes . If I want to recall what was discussed in a particular meeting , I can repeat the process , and all notes are there . The links to those notes will even update if you decide to move the notes to a different location!This is , by far , the best product I have seen from Microsoft to date . Bravo , development team !
 I ca n't say enough about Microsoft OneNote 2007 . This product is exactly what I have been seeking for a long time ... you can save everything from website shots , files , scans , photos , audio , video , links , drawings , free text , handwriting , etc. . Just about anything you can think of to compile and organize can be compiled and organized in OneNote.The interface is designed as a series of virtual notebooks that can be divided into sections and chapters , with an infinite number of pages in each section . Each page also has its own title , as well . Best of all , the entire program is completely searchable -- even scanned documents are searchable with OCR technology . The searches are lightning fast and extremey accurate , I must say . THis makes the program excellent for datebooks , planners , address books , contact list , agendas , lists , the myriad of things we need to remember , product links for user manuals , genealogy info , cool website links that you do n't want to clog up your `` favorites '' with , and just about any type of research or project . The notebooks are share-able within a network and real-time syncable as well as usable with tablet notebook technology . I do wish that Microsoft had integrated the same toolbar `` ribbon '' interface that some of the other Microsoft Office 2007 products received ... All in all , I think users will find that OneNote is one of the most useful programs available for collecting and organizing information from many different venues . Compiling the sticky notes of my life into one organized and retrievable composite has simplified my existence beyond belief.I highly recommend this product . I am a textbook ADD humanoid , and I needed a simple system that is easily searched . I LOVE the OneNote notebook system . Information is so easy -LRB- and -- dare I say it ? -- FUN -RRB- for me to find what I need immediately on my laptop . In my previous life , I would easily spend twenty frustrating minutes rummaging through three or four messy desk drawers just to find the little scrap of `` important '' paper that I remember saving three months ago.One Note is well worth the $ 79 I paid for it . It is also available as a free trial from Microsoft . Give it a try and see how it can help you simplify your life ...
 As a jaded Windows user , I rarely get bowled over by new desktop software but OneNote 2007 is fantastic ! My three favorite features :1 . I work on multiple computers in my office . I can create a shared notebook with clippings -LRB- pictures , video , text , ... -RRB- that is automatically synchronized amongst all of my machines . No need to perform `` save '' operations , or worry about which machine has the `` master '' copy , all edits are merged instantly and without user intervention . Unplug your laptop from the network , make edits offline , plug back in to the network AND ALL THE CHANGES ARE MERGED PERFECTLY ! 2 . Image to text function . Copy a bitmap from a non-editable text window or picture , paste it into OneNote and convert it instantly to text . No more cursing dialog boxes that do n't let you select and copy text .3 . Simple and direct text and graphics manipulation . Move stuff wherever you want on the page , add and edit text - all without `` mode '' switching or needing to select a text tool or grabber tool or cropping tool or sizing tool . Very nice.I would guess that OneNote points in the evolutionary direction that the rest of the Office suite will adopt in terms of ease of use , network awareness , and replication and sharing . It 's a perfect organizing tool for individuals and small groups .
 I became a committed user of OneNote in its orginal version in 2003 . The new 2007 version seems to improve somewhat on this product 's functionality . I use OneNote as a depository for research information collection . I can create any number of notebooks and subdivide each into any number of sections and subsections , which allows me to put information where I want it . I recommend that people who collect information in one form or another give OneNote a try .
 I just entered a graduate program and noticed some of my classmates using OneNote to take notes during class . I figured , what the hey , I 'll give it a go ... and I absolutely love this program . I am the type of note-taker whose notes tend to be all over the place . I also tend to take notes on loose leaf paper that I just ca n't keep together . Because of these attributes , OneNote is perfect for me . I do n't have to go rooting around for paper , I do n't lose my notes . It is also very easy to export and share notes - just download the PDF/XPS publishing plug in -LRB- free from Microsoft -RRB- and you can create your own PDF of the notes to print , email , whatever . Going on a trip ? Put all of the confirmation numbers together , do a screen capture of the route from google maps , then publish everything as a PDF , which you can then print them out . Awesome program !
 I 've been using OneNote since it was first released . The 2007 release is the most effective writing/note-taking/information-organizing tool I 've ever seen . Data can be exchanged with other MS Office programs easily . It can be used with tablet p.c.s , desktops and laptops.Information can be organized by Notebook , Section and Page -LRB- great for students to keep their notes organized efficiently -RRB- . It is a great way to keep research notes , cut-and-paste exerpts , etc.This is , quite possibly , the most useful piece of software on the market .
 I discovered Microsoft OneNote a couple weeks ago and I have fallen head over heels in love with it . I agree with other reviewers - where has this program been ? I ca n't say much that everyone else has n't already said , but I would say this
 I 've been a OneNote user from the original release -LRB- OneNote 2003 -RRB- , and this version improves on an already exceptional product . Organize your life using this one application , and never go back to paper again !
 I use this to transfer my math and science notes into electronic format that I can save as PDF file , then download onto my tablet so I do not have to carry around three ring binders full of notes . It works great for that . There are many other features that I do not use that other users may or may not find helpful , but if you are looking for a program to organize your class notes , this will get the job done .
 This version of Office was needed at a client location . Price was a bit high in my opinion , but we needed it and I was glad to find it on Amazon .
 Have heard of it and seen it on newer modules of computers from other family members , but it is truly a welcome addition to my Microsoft family of products . I wish I had purchased sooner . The inter connectivity with all the Microsoft products is great and the ability to have anything I want added to it without worry about losing it or having to remember to save it , well that alone is worth more than words . The ability to create my folders or notebooks to keep things , ideas , notes , or web clippings in one place to be easily retrieved is a huge help to anyone especially if you are always busy , and who is n't these days . I find it a huge help and time saver .
 OneNote is a great tool for keeping you organized . It interfaces seamlessly with Outlook providing an easy way to track projects and other personal and business activities . I highly recommend this software product !
 I ordered OneNote 2007 through Amazon several weeks ago because I could n't easily locate it anywhere else after a friend recommended it . I actually received it faster than I thought I would and it was in perfect shape . This is a great application . I use it for personal and business related items . All my notes are now in one place it and makes it much easier for me to stay organized and on track .
 I adore this software -LRB- and I never thought I would say that about a Microsoft product -RRB- . It has revolutionized my research writing
 I have used & been utterly fascinated with this genre of software -LRB- `` note-taker , '' `` outliner , '' `` free-form database , '' `` personal information manager '' -RRB- for decades . I well remember using the earliest versions of `` Tornado Notes '' & askSam -- both of which were wonderful in their time ; I 've upgraded both of those apps over the years & have tested NUMEROUS other competing programs ... And OneNote Easily beats them all . There is simply no contest .
 Product was received rapidly , exactly as described . OneNote is an excellent utility for tablet PC users - much more sophisticated thatn Windows Journal , supporting much richer content collections .
 My sister introduced me to Microsoft One Note about 2 yrs ago . I was just blown away by what all you could do which is about several hundred different things . Ok not really that many but it is amazing what all you can do . I like to think of it as my computer organizer . I can put anything from graphics of all kinds to something that was scanned . It can be used for work or pleasure and for one or more users . It has templates for agendas , for sightseeing , traveling , hotel reservations to transportation . Any one who likes to be organized should get this . I Personally recommend this software to everyone . I love it . I can have a page for what flowers I have planted and if they are ones that I would get again . This software is like having a notebook with tabs on your computer . Just get this software you wo n't be sorry.One note lover
 I absolutely LOVE OneNote 2007 . I use it for school and for planning my different personal projects as well . it is a great tool to have for anyone that likes to have their thoughts laid out in front of them in an easily accessible manner . Not only do I use this for different class projects and papers , I also use it when I am writing my own stories or working on different art projects . I highly recommend OneNote 2007 for anyone - ANYONE - because it has turned my laptop into a completely indespensable tool in my everyday life .
 I work at a computer , and used to have lots of separate notebooks I would jot things in . Right now , I have three major projects , and at least 20 things going on in each , so there were lots of notes being jotted down in notebooks . OneNote allowed me to consolidate and do everything online . Ca n't say I 'm a pro at it yet , and I 'm still figuring out the best way to organize the notebooks/pages ; but being able to search them , rearrange them , and add more to a page - especially in-between notes - has been great .
 Truly , the best kept secret in business software , changed my life right side up.Organizing issues is a pre-requisite for clear thinking . Stumbled upon this software a few months ago and now wonder how I ever managed without it ! I work in multiple domains and information overload is a universal issue . So I bless the good Lord and the buddy who introduced me to this application every time I am trying to organize material.Very simply an electronic organizer with workbooks , section groups , sections , tabs and sub tabs , pages . Use them to organize your notes , emails , calendars , etc. into domains .
 Microsoft OneNote 2007Only buy this software application if you want to completely change your life ! With OneNote a user can organize information and work under convenient notebooks , tabs and pages in a virtual environment at your fingertips whenever needed . No more wondering . . `` Where did I save that ? '' ... `` What did I name that file ? '' ... `` What website did I read that article on ? '' . I am in the middle of a job search . I set up a tab for each company that I contact . During telephone interviews , all of my research on the company , questions I want to asks , etc. are there within easy reach . This application is awesome !!!
 MS Office OneNote 2007 actually does what is says - keeps all your info close at hand and so easy to get to . The notebooks that come included in the program are a snap to personalize , and taking a screenshot -LRB- or Screen clippings , as OneNote calls them -RRB- is finally easy . I started out looking for journal-writing software , and I came away with a whole lot more . As a writer , at last I 've found a way to keep all the research -LRB- pictures , web-pages , ideas , scribbles -RRB- for my books -LRB- yes , plural ! -RRB- available to hand , whether in a different section of the notebook currently open , or by using hyperlinks to connect to another section or notebook . -LRB- And I highly recommend downloading the separate Word Count PowerToy . -RRB- Included in the software is an extremely useful HelpGuide , a complete notebook on its own . You can even make new pages or sections in the Guide to include your own tips . -LRB- I do have to say , though , that the Help button found in the top toolbar is totally worthless . -RRB- All in all , this product is definitely worth the money .
 This has got to be one of the most under publicized Microsoft products in their vast software library . I also think it is one of their better products . One of the coolest things is if you do a lot of research on the web when you copy from the web it adds the reference to the original source at the bottom of the copy so you never have to try to figure out where it came from or re-Google to try to find the source , just double click on the source . Also very cool is its abilty to read and search for word text in screen shots from any application that you paste into OneNote . So if you find yourself getting a little overwhelmed with data this is just about the niftiest organizer on earth . I have many GB in my notebooks and the search is very fast .
 It 's has more features than google notebook . The only downside it 's not free like google notebook .
 It takes a little practice to get OneNote conformed to your style . This version has much better integration to and from MS Outlook . Taking notes on a page derived from a meeting invite is a breeze . Adding tasks in OneNote with link to outlook is simple . Just a better overall experience . Note
 I had a real laugh learning this product . I think it 's a real must have for any research . It really helps out .
 Works like a champ . We use it to coordinate job notes among all parties in the office , specifically for project tracking and communication logs .
 This is a fantastic product . It has endless applications . I absolutly love it .
 Length :
 The over-all experience with this seller was awesome ! The product arrived in less than five days and was in perfect condition . I would buy from this seller again in a heartbeat ! :O -RRB-
 We 've been using Office XP for way too long , but it did everything we needed it to do so there was no reason to upgrade.When my wife got a new laptop , some of the software she uses under Windows 7 would n't work with Office XP , and we were forced to bite the bullet and upgrade to the current version . And it honestly is n't bad ! Very different coming from something so old , but there are a lot of improvements that make it worthwhile.I 'm not crazy about how Microsoft changed around it 's various licensing schemes and the cost of upgrading , but the Home and Student version hits the sweet spot of giving us what we needed without too extreme a cost.If you only need the basic applications in Office , and it 's time to upgrade , this package is definitely worth a look .
 This product is great , as advertised . Priced right , shipped on time and in great condition . I would buy from here again .
 Pros
 Bought a new laptop . . love it love it love it . . but , it didnt come with the usual Office home stuff .
 The product came as advertised , and the product is excellent . I look forward to the free upgrade to Office 2010 .
 Going from Office 2003 to 2007 was a bit of a jump but so far so good . Product is suitable for my needs
 I use Microsoft Office at work and at home , it makes writing letters and spreadsheets so easy . I recommend this product to everyone !
 Good for resumes , school/college , etc. . . it 's Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 , what more can you say about it .
 I have purchased this product before and was satisfied with it and purchased it for my daughter 's computer . Arrived promptly .
 This disc arrived promptly . It is in excellent condition . It was in the original packaging from Microsoft including the Product Key . I had no problems whatsoever downloading it . It was everything the seller promised it would be . The price was definately right . Thank you for a pleasant purchase experience .
 Office 2007 is always ready to start a task . With the great visual design , quick options , easy options , and more you get an awesome end-user experience !!! THIS IS AWESOME !
 Found this purchase to be very useful and is helping me to maneuver how soft ware products operate . I am currently a student and need to be able to navigate Ms excel and other similar software by the time I graduate and Hopefully obtain employment as well . Thank You Amazon for making this available and not raping me with overly high pricing to purchase this !! Ana ladyx !!
 am pleased with my ms office 2007 as it serves my needs and more and was a offered at a reasonable price .
 I recieved this exactly on the date that was estimated . Package was not damaged and program has worked great.I bought this in the time frame to upgrade to the 2010 version when it was available . There was no instructions sent how to do this when it became available . I was able to do an internet search and found the instruction and the upgrade was a breeze .
 Good job , fast timing , packaged correctly , Would recommend in the future
 I 've been using Microsoft Office on a daily basis for more than ten years . I needed to update it on my computers and Office 2007 looked like a great deal . I read the reviews and was almost scared off by the exceedingly negative reviews here and elsewhere . However , lots of people were enthusiastic so I decided to download the trial version from Microsoft and find out for myself . And am I glad I did ! I 'm no big fan of Microsoft but this is a great product . Yes , the interface is a little different -LRB- and a whole lot better -RRB- but even I , an old timer set in my ways , was up and running on Word and Excel in but a few minutes . It 's all very logical and straightforward once you take a few minutes to understand the new scheme . And for those who complain about file compatability with older versions , the default save file type is new . However , it 's simple to set the default save file type for compatability with Office 97-2003 versions -LRB- it 's in Options -RRB- . Problem solved . Microsoft offers a 60 day free trial of Office 2007 . Download it and give it a try , you 're in for a real treat .
 This was a great buy ! my boyfriend was so excited to come home from school and see this installed on his computer ! It was easy to install and has easy to follow instructions for each application when you start them up ... I 'd definitely recommend this product to anyone
 This item was ordered on a Friday and I received it at my house on Monday . This was a very quick delivery of the product and was exactly as the seller desribed . I would order again from them . John
 I purchased the MS Office Home & Student software from Amazon , and installed it on my laptop . Although I have n't had much occasion to use it yet , it does feel and operate just like other MS Office software I have used previously .
 The new ribbon bars take some getting used to , but I like it better than past versions . Programs all work just fine with no flaws that I 've seen yet . My only real reason for buying this was to be compatible with most other people and businesses though I did wait for it to go on sale . My only real dislike is the One Note program . It 's probably good for students but I have no use for it . Also , many people still use older versions and they ca n't open your files if saved in the new format . However , if you have an older version of Office I seen no real reason to upgrade .
 I have used other Microsoft Office Products over the years and Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 is quite good . I will say that it does take some getting used to however as the format of the product has changed a lot . I will also say that the help features are very good and I have been able to figure everything out that I want to do . The installation was very easy and the price was right ! It is a very impressive product and a lot of the new features and enhancements only make the product better and more powerful .
 I have wanted Microsoft Office for a long time but price was a problem . This item was offered at the right price at the right time . Now I have all the tools for future projects with Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 . Thanks Amazon !
 I love this product it is way more user friendly than the last version . The shipping was way fast and the price was the best I found anywhere .
 This product is great . It is a differ n't from what i am use to using . But it is very easy to use and find everything .
 I love One Note ! It 's awesome to have in the class rooms , I can type and also put side text and graphics into my notes , which I ca n't with Word . The only downsides is that older versions ca n't open these documents , they need to download a conversion first . But on the flipside , -LRB- if you knew how -RRB- you can save documents to be able to be opened by a previous version . The new look is a little scary at first , but if you play around with it for a half hour to learn where every thing is , it 's not bad . I like the new look , I just wish it came with a tour . I have n't really messed with excel or powerpoint yet , I had to have it b/c my teachers send power points for notes . All-in-all I 'm happy with my purchase !
 Aside from the problems inherent with Windows Vista , Office has always been a favorite of mine . I work extensively in Word for my writing . The product is good and the price was fair .
 As much as I am disappointed in MS Vista , I love the new Office software . Microsoft never lets me down with it 's office software , and I am not sure there is any competition against it .
 Even though MS decided to change some of the locations for editting options and some of the icons it still does what it says it does . Primary functionality works like a charm and after some hunting and pecking to try and find where they moved some of the editting options -LRB- in Word , for example -RRB- it executes cleanly . My system came pre-loaded with this version so all I had to do was enter product key and it did n't even spend an hour going back out to the web to verify and force me through additional registrations . Overall , happy with it !
 I actually got this on a trial just so my son could write a report but we liked it so well we decided to buy it . At first its a little hard to use if you are use to the old word , but very quickly gets much easier to use than the old program and has a lot of features .
 The product works well , but there is a learning curve if you are up-grading from Office 2003 . Some of the functions are hidden in unexpected places .
 I 'm very happy with the price thught underwhelmed by the power of the student edition of Word . I thought it would be more like the standard version . It wo n't automtically anticipate the date or allow prinitng of labels , etc. as the full blown version of Word does .
 I bought Microsoft Office 2007 Home and Student but the only part of it that I 've really used is the Excel part . The software appears to be well written . When you add all the capabilities in it , I think it 's a very good deal for around $ 100.00 . It 's got hundreds of built in mathematical , scientific , statistical , and financial functions . It allows you to build and work with tables of data in a manner similar to working with databases . You can do graphs . That 's a pretty sophisticated capability that allows you to show them in various formats . You can do scenarios and what if types of studies . The ability to generate and modify Pivot Table Reports on the fly is an amazing capability all by itself . I 'm impressed and I have n't even started to work with Word and Powerpoint yet . There 's even more . You can create and read XML files , import and export data from and to other databases , Publish Worksheets on the web so others can view them , print , share your workbook with other users , etc. , etc. , etc. . What I 've worked with appears to work well . No software is perfect and this software is n't either , but it 's very , very good . I always test it to see if it 's doing what I want it to do . It has passed the test just about every time . Where it has n't , I only needed to tweak it a little to get what I wanted out of it . That 's a good software .
 Very Satisfied . Works well . Bought for Grandaughter and her freshman year in college She was very pleased.Was able to download on her home computer and laptop that she will take away to college . Received in a timely manner .
 I purchased the Microsoft Office from Amazon and am very happy with the purchase . It works like a charm and has been very useful . While I have used Microsoft Word and Microsoft PowerPoint in the past , I had never used Microsoft One Note . After using Microsoft One Note , I have started loving it . It has helped me keep my thoughts organized and is a well thought out product.I would have loved to have `` Microsoft Outlook '' as part of package . This would have helped me manage appointments from within Microsoft One Note.One user license would have worked better for me.Nevertheless ` Microsoft Office '' is a wonderful product !
 Installed in three computers . Unlike some that install in only one computer.Great Deal
 Great after you get used to the changes and learn where to find all the buttons again ! Love it !
 I 've used MS Office for years but it 's my first update since 2000 . It came quickly , was easy to install , and takes more understanding than the Works software that came with the new computer . It does n't take long to learn the basics and produce quality output .
 I have used this program before , just got a new computer and did n't have it preloaded onto the new computer . The good news is that I was able to upgrade to Office 2010 .
 I bought this 2007 office and got free upgrade to 2010 and used in my three home computer . It was a very good move to buy this product from Amazon .
 It was whole lot cheaper than buying it in the stores . They were priced 140.00 or so and the one I purchased was cheap and it came in 3 days .
 3 licenses and no unneeded products . It 's perfect ! Worked on XP Home SP3 , and Vista SP1 with no issues at all.My only gripe is how long Amazon took to ship it . I ordered on Sunday , it shipped on Thursday ; that 's just not acceptable for an item listed as `` in stock '' . When I contacted Amazon I was told that because I choose the free shipping option it took more time to find the most economical way to ship it . However , IT WAS JUST A SINGLE ITEM ORDER ! I can understand if I had multiple items and they needed to be boxed together , but a single item?Great product , Microsoft.Bad service , Amazon .
 It is easy to learn . It just takes using it a while to find everything you want . It also updates your old Office files to the newer version . Our family is very happy with it , especially since it can be put on up to 3 computers . Great price .
 I like the new version of Word , although it took a while to find certain features.The one really annoying thing was that after installing it the only option I had for a spell check language in Outlook Express was French , something that has been mentioned before in the reviews . My last version was Word 2000 on another computer so installing the older dictionary from 2003 was not an option.I did some checking in the Microsoft forums and found that while there is no current fix for the problem through Microsoft -LRB- they are supposed to working on hotfix for it -RRB- you can download a free stand alone spell checker for Outlook Express . -LRB- I made sure my internet security program was up to date first -RRB- It figured it should be safe since it was actually recommended by a Microsoft tech person on one of several posts recommending this as the fix.The download is available from -LSB- ... -RSB- . Look for Mail Utilities > Spell Checker for OE . I 'm happy to report that after downloading and installing it I can now spellcheck in English and both English and French are listed as available languages in OE .
 Amazon offered the best price on this product as far as I could tell . I searched several other sites , and stores , and found this same product for about $ 20 + more . Also , Amazon was the only place to offer free shipping . I received my shipment in about 6 days . I 'm no computer guru either , and this was extremely easy to install .
 There is some getting used to involved with this product . However , once you get over that hurdle , it is a great program to work with . I feel an improvement over the past releases .
 I purchased this product to help me create Powerpoint presentations for the subjects I teach in school . I really like how user friendly this program is . I do n't have to search other sites for templates because this program already has several to choose from and the color is easy to manipulate . I also liked how I was directed to the Microsoft website to update service packs so this new program would work efficiently .
 I was using the '03 version of office and was glad to update to ' 07 . There are a lot more helpful things and it is easy to use . Easy location of tabs at top and I just enjoy using it .
 My copy came in great shape ; no damage done to the packaging at all.Works great too . I do n't know , works how I would expect Microsoft Office to work . Easy to install , easy directions to read . I needed an internet connection to complete installation , but this is n't really a problem for most people . It was kind of a hassle for me because I was at home and not at my dorm and I had no way of connecting to the internet at the time . But again , this was n't really a big problem , and most people probably do n't have that issue .
 This was a great product , and an even better price . One thing I did not notice is that it comes with 3 licenses . I have been able to use this product on all my computers . I priced this item on -LSB- ... -RSB- and they wanted -LSB- ... -RSB- for one license .
 home and student edition less expensive than other versions but has what most people need . great software , easy to use .
 I use it almost every day . I love it . It is wonderful to get e-mail with music and pictures , that otherwise I will be unable to see .
 What I expected in MS Office 2007 Home and Student . Had already used trial versions of this . Amazon offered a great price for this new product , which was my reason for ordering online .
 My new laptop came with a trial office 07 edition . After installing office 03 that I had on our desktop , I had to deal with both and became a bit confusing . I was about to uninstall 07 when I happened upon the program on amazon at a much lower price than microsoft was offering ; besides , I had a gift certificate from amazon that I wanted to cash in . Since I have received the cd , installed it and worked with it for a while , I 'm very glad I did . I currently working on upgrading to 07 on the desktop as well .
 The price of this version is so reasonable and it allows me to work at home some days .
 Amazon offered the best price including free shipping for a product that offers great value in a product that is packed with features in a new version of Office that may require the user a little time and knowledge to learn how to utilize all of the features available . I recommend a custom install of 1st use -LRB- not installed until used -RRB- so that you only install what you use or need when you decide to use it . Microsoft Office offers features that the other programs do not offer that can very useful when using Word and other programs and features . To learn all that the programs offer , you may want to consider buying the how to book , Microsoft Office Home and Student Step-By-Step , that includes a CD for practices & eBook .
 I shopped around and this was the best price around ... received item right away . Installed on 3 home computers ... 100 % satisfied .
 I enjoy using the Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 . I only had wordpad before now and I ca n't stand it . This was reasonably priced and cheaper than the Microsoft website . I would encourage everyone to purchase this product , especially if you are doing a lot of papers for school .
 The Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 arrived on schedule and was successfully downloaded onto the limit of three computers.All programs within the suite worked well.Anyone who is accustomed to working on WORD 2003 or other versions will take some time to get used to the new WORD program . However after a while it becomes second nature and includes some features that are better than previous WORD programs .
 Not a big fan of MicroSoft -LRB- they tend to offer much more than needed and consume vast storage space -RRB- . This package , nonetheless , was a near-perfect fit for my project . Wanted programs common to those used at school/work -- got that ! Wanted just what would be used -- got that ! Looking for good value -- got that !!!
 I did n't want to upgrade to Office 2007 , but the school keeps e-mailing parent information using it and we will soon be getting it at work so I felt I needed to give in and buy it . I have now worked with it and have found several features about 2007 that I really like . I was pleased when it arrived quickly , exactly as advertized .
 This is a product I am accustomed to from work that satisfies my home needs very well . There are a lot of features new to me that I look forward to learning . Would be interested in a low cost tutorial .
 I use at work , we used to use Word 2003 and Excel 2003 and changed to 2007 over a year ago and at first I was confused with the new way 2007 looks . It hides alot of icons , so to speak , where you have to find what you need in the ribbon at the top of the page . After I used to working with Word 2007 and Excel 2007 it takes time to get used to something new and I 'm showing the other people who I work with on how to minimize the ribbon . I like the color feature in Word 2003 , I make calendars , and after making my graph I click on the color I want for a certain area and Word places that color in that area after I click on that area . I do recommend this product . I 'm also an IT student who likes to try new things in computer software , I have to keep up on what is going in the computer world . I still like 2003 but 2007 I like even more . Also for the people who save files in . doc you can download the compatiblity file so if someone has 2003 and your using 2007 they can still read your document also you can save it in the ` Save As ' and going to Word ' 97 - '03 document .
 I am totally satisfied with the program . first rate all the way . 5 stars and a BZ BZ in navy terms is outstanding . rapid response from seller , and arrived in fine shape !
 I purchased the microsoft office home and student after I purchased it I saw it at staples for $ 30.00 cheaper .
 Just bought a new computer and it did not come with MS Office.I did not want the entire WS Office suite , so this version -LRB- Student -RRB- was perfect.I just needed Word , Excel and PowerPoint ... and the price was great !
 Excellent product . Watch for sales on this product.I have found it for under $ 99 at many of the bigchain stores as a back-to-school promotion inAug & Sept ' 08 .
 Got the software pretty quickly , works as advertised , just what we wanted , so all in all I would recommend this to others looking to upgrade thier office product !
 Terrific product . I purchased it for my 15 year old daughter for her high school projects . It 's easy to use , especially for the computer illiterate like me . My daughter , who is very computer savvy , finds the software very user friendly . She put together a power point presentation in no time flat .
 I am glad I purchased this product . The features are WONDERFUL , especially the One Note . Also , working with the powerpoint is easy and fun . This is a must buy item . If you are in school , the APA , or MLA , feature is already built in , so no more separate discs to purchase !!!!! This is definitely worth the investment ...
 This product has been working great since I got it . Definitely the best of its kind .
 I really like the improvements in Word , as I use that software the most . Excel seems good , too , although I only use it at a minimal knowledge level . I have n't tried to play around with PowerPoint just yet , but I will need to master the newer version pretty soon , with an expected presentation scheduled for December . The OneNote is very confusing to me ; I think I understand what Microsoft is trying to help me do with this software , but it has n't made complete sense to me at this time , and a popup said I needed a particular file to make OneNote work best , but the file would not load on my computer . That was frustrating . However , except for OneNote , the suite of software programs seems pretty easy to figure out , and I 'm thoroughly enjoying going to this upgrade . A good deal of thought went into making this suite more powerful in function and more beautiful in its appearance . -- Larry
 Works well , but be careful ... when sending a word document created by this as an attachment , some will not be able to download from older models . Just be careful when saving it .
 I need to use a word processor every day since I write reviews . This software package is excellent if you do n't need the full blown package to get the job done . I love it !
 Great product . My son put it on his PC and says he really likes the format and the speed . Likes the new shortcuts , too .
 I like the product , though I wish it included the publisher feature as well . . something that would be very handy for todays students considering all the web publishing many of our courses seem to require these days.The tech support through misrosoft was wonderful , kudos to their cutomer service department helping me through the bugs related to uninstalling my old program and installing the new program properly . * thumbs up *
 Great product . Even though Microsoft has changed their toolbars and menus , it really is n't that difficult to get used to . It just takes time . It has made a lot of common tasks much quicker .
 I would recommend this for anyone who has a student , regardless if its high school , middle school or college . This will help with papers needed for their subjects . As well as writing general letters to people .
 I could n't get this product in my price range on Ebay . When I looked on Amazon , I found it right away . I trust Amazon to buy my products and I 'm glad I found what I was looking for . I ordered it and received it right away , within the week . This product cost $ 250.00 in stores , so if you find it for less than $ 200.00 , you 're getting a great deal ! I bought it from Amazon , for $ 97.00 , BRAND NEW ! Hope you find the deals I find on here too !
 I searched for a while for this product and you 're price was by far the best .
 Bought this for my grandaughter - she 's going to High School this year and will need it to write reports and do math . Very good and LOTS OF UPDATES from previous versions .
 This was an outstanding buy . I got it on sale and it is good for up to three computers .
 A good upgrade from the previous versions of Office . Home and Student is reasonably priced unlike the higher versions of this product .
 I use it but prefer the simplicity of the MS 2003 which will eventually leave . It works but too many options for me .
 Great service !! My MS Office Home and Student 2007 purchased thru Amazon arrived on time , as promised , and works perfectly on my new laptop . I had no problems with the installation and the new features are more intuitive than older versions I 've used . I have also had no problem bringing up and modifying documents created in my older version of MS Office with the new one . That applies to Word , Excel , and PowerPoint .
 I am truly impressed with the fine service I got from KASEY GREAT ! Not only was their price THE BEST , but they stepped up and sent me a SECOND COPY after I complained that the USPS sent me the dreaded EMAIL stating the package was `` undeliverable '' as addressed.Even though she had no idea why , the very nice person I was dealing with , promptly shipped me a brand new package of this software , this time , doing the right thing by sending it via 2nd day air on FEDX on Dec. 21 ... & true to form I got it just today - - Dec 23 . HOW about that ? Two great companies living up to their promises
 I received my merchandise in a timely manner . The price at the time was very reasonable I saved $ 50 , had I waited for Christmas I would have save $ 80 , Oh well I have to let that go . The product works fine . Came new as they said . I have n't been having any problems . It 's a good company that I would recommend to friends .
 My product arrived just in time ! I needed it for school -LRB- of course -RRB- and it arrived in the mail much sooner than expected . The CD came in perfect , like-new condition and the case was fairly new except for a scratch or two . It has worked perfectly with my Windows 7 software and it has definitely made life a lot easier .
 It is a great a piece of software . The only thing the writing at the top says for non-commercial use . You would think to much of it on freeware or shareware but this is neither . But when it comes to the quality of the software , it is excellent .
 FIRST OF ALL , AMAZON OFFERED THIS PRODUCT AT THE LOWEST PRICE ONLINE & THIS PRODUCT IS THE PERFECT ADDENDUM FOR THE A RECENTLY PURCHASED PC WHICH ONLY INCLUDED A 60-DAY TRIAL VERSION OF THIS PROGRAM . IF YOUR NOT CREATING ANYTHING VERY COMPLICATED OR PUBLISHING A BROCHURE , THIS PROGRAM WILL MEET YOUR DAILY NEEDS . I HAVE ALREADY RE-FORMATTED MY RESUME FOR E-MAIL BASED UPON THEIR LIBRARY OF RESUME FORMATS . HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS AS AN INTERIM WORD PROGRAM , TO DO CORRESPONDENCE , REPORTS , CREATIVE WRITING , APOLOGIES ... ETC. .
 Love the Software , although it takes a little to get use to , however everything is a learning tool.Highly recommend , Be patient and just learn .
 I love the new 2007 version . I bought a computer and it only had the trial . I got so used to using it that i bought this and it worked perfect , the instructions are fool proof and i also love the hard case that it comes it ! Would totally recommend this to anyone .
 Before I tried Office 2007 , I kept hearing about how they messed with the interface and certain people were making a lot of noise over how this messed up their work flow . After spending about a month using it I have to say ... I love it ! The button is my little `` go to '' for all my office needs . I have found that my efficiency has increased since I have adapted to it . I just wish that Microsoft could have put more things into the button like a `` do my homework for me '' function or a `` fix my relationship problems '' function ;--RRB- Besides that it is awesome . I highly recommend it !
 The software came in great condition , and it was shipped very quickly ! I was very happy with the service and would definitely buy from this seller again !
 The product is exactly as advertised , the shipping and handling prompt and the price extremely fair .
 It is just what I needed and the price a very good price compared to buying in stores .
 It took a little get used to but it has nice features . I miss not having Outlook incorporated , but I just downloaded Outlook from my 2003 disk and it works fine .
 Getting Word , Excel and PP in one package at this price is a very good deal . Most people never use or master Access , so it is n't an issue not having it in this software . The database in Works does most everything . Even if you do n't create slide presentations , having PowerPoint enables you to view others . The spreadsheet is considerably more sophisticated than Works , but I use them both . Good purchase .
 I received my Microsoft Student at the perfect time , right when I started school . It took a week to get here as promised . I love that you are able to save documents in ' 97 - '03 format . It makes turning in my assignments a lot easier since I go to school online and my instructors have older versions .
 If you need the Microsoft Office basics , but you do n't need the Microsoft Outlook email program , this cheaper Home & Student version does the job . It 's less than half the price of the Standard version of Microsoft Office 2007 , and since I already have Outlook Express with Windows Vista & Windows XP , the Microsoft Outlook did n't matter to me . Microsoft Outlook 2007 also can be purchased separately if you find that you need it later . The Microsoft website has a page that compares their different Office software products to make decision-making easier .
 If your interested in merely typing a letter , making a simple chart , or most any relatively simple application that you might engage in related to administrative applications I have found that Microsoft Works will do a very nice job.However if you want professionalism , very concise detail , customization for your documents , charts , presentations . etc. this software is more than the average home/student/home business needs.I find this program very encompassing and diversification seems almost endless . That being said , it is not difficult to use as the icons displayed seem to take you right where you want to go . Recommended Highly !
 I am a MAC user forced to use win 7 and Office 2007 , due to Online UOP university Is not MAC Apple Works friendly . Ca n't complain easy to learn .
 Great product , but rather complex for inexperienced users to master easily . This especially true with the Publisher and Access suites . On the other hand , as users gain experience , the package provides features and options which are very helpful - even if they are not used very often.It would be great if such products were so designed that users did not have to go on specialised courses to quickly gain proficiency .
 It was an excellent deal thorugh J.R.Music . I got it very fast than I expected.I would prefer to buy from J.R.MusicMicrosoft Office Home and Student 2007
 Best price on the Internet -LRB- or anywhere else , for that matter ! -RRB- for a great product . I 'll keep shopping Amazon because of the great service and fantastic prices . Thanks , Amazon !
 Received the product in a timely manner and on its arrival date . Product was still sealed and in its package . Service was fast and reliable .
 After checking around for the best price for this product , I found it on Amazon . Fast delivery too . Ca n't go wrong .
 This new 2007 version of office is nice . Word is much easier to use , in my opinion , and it was easy to install over my existing version . I 'd recommend anyone going to school to get this - good price !
 This product was easy to install and I am extremely glad that I bought it .
 Purchased the product to obtain Powerpoint . Why ? Becuse so many email attachments -LRB- jokes , etc -RRB- are in Powerpoint , which I could no open . Now I can .
 For the basic users of Microsoft Office -LRB- - outlook -RRB- , this is a good buy . For the money it is more that enough for me . Any other combonation of office products will run you more . I do n't use outlook so this was the cheapest for me . Some new screens and new places for things you did before , but nothing you ca n't get use to .
 I have n't had much time to `` play '' with this yet , but have been amazed at the features of Word and Excel as well as Powerpoint . I have `` practiced '' making spreadsheets and making letters unique instead of `` run of the mill '' documents . In fact , I can hardly wait until I can have a couple of uniterruped hours just to delve deeper into all of the goodies .
 Received the item in A + condition and installed easily . It is a bit frustrating when first using Excel as the Home version toolbar is quite different from the Professional . Other than that , no complaints
 The product arrived very quickly , in good condition and worked perfectly . It has a lot of new features which are amazing , but going to take a long time to get used to . I particularly have trouble with the changes on the task bar and wish there was an option to have legacy task bar .
 The price is right , due to my job loss , I was unable to purchase the pkg . in the store , at this price , I did not hesitate to buy it . I would recommend purchasing the pkg . I only wish Outlook was included .
 MSOffice for Home and Student 2007 has many enhancements over MSOffice 2003 , but some of the improvements are not as intutitive as others . However , once you get used to it , this product works great . The `` ribbons '' have a lot of functions , and it takes awhile to learn where they all are . The ones you use most , though , can be added to your quick access bar , next to `` save '' and `` undo . '' My favorite feature is that 2007 `` saves '' smaller - a PowerPoint presentation that is 803Meg in 2003 is 540Meg in 2007 - a boon for a college student who has a limited size for a project .
 I have n't gone through the entire Office yet , but what I have I do like and enjoy . This Office is n't intimidating like the others that even sound hard . It 's simple and do n't worry about whether you 're following a ribbon of instruction correctly that you 're exhausted by the time you start on your project . I especially like the Notebook where you can create a journal for yourself and write ANYTHING you want to . You can drag your journal to wherever you 're working and place impromptu thoughts , quick notes , and comments . All this is taken care of for you so that when you log on again everything will be there . A great organizer for whatever topics important to you .
 I was informed that this product could be installed on three -LRB- 3 -RRB- systems . My spouse and I both have laptops and we have a desktop as well so that was perfect . After installing on the two laptops with no problem I have attempted to install on the desktop and continuously get an error msg . and the installation does not complete . FRUSTRATING ! The product is apparently working fine on the two laptops but I need the desktop to read the program so I can print . I am a college student so this is important ...
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007I found it way cheaper and I received the product quickly . I enjoy the product and i recieved it in fine conditions and am I very excited .
 I wanted a newer version of word , excel and powerpoint however I wish outlook was included in the package instead one note . Everything I read from the reviews were right . Since I did not delete ms 2003 , I can still use ms2003 outlook . Otherwise , I would not be able to access my email . I will get ms2007 outlook in the next few months .
 WHEN I GOT THE ORIGINAL ITEM IT DID NOT HAVE THE PRODUCT CODE SO I NOTIFIED AMAZON AND THEY IMMEDIATELY REPLACED THE SOFTWARE WITH A NEW ONE . HOWEVER , IT DID NOT HAVE THE PRODUCT CODE EITHER . I HAD TO CONTACT MICROSOFT AND GO THRU A MINOR HASSLE THERE TO GET A PRODUCT CODE . MY COMPLAINT THERE WAS THEY TREATED ME AS IF I WAS USING AN ILLEGAL PRODUCT . EVENTUALLY THOUGH IT WAS ALL STRAIGHTENED OUT AND THE PRODUCT CODE THEY GAVE ME WORKED FINE.I APPRECIATE AMAZON HANDLING THE SITUATION AS FAST AS THEY DID . I FEEL THE WHOLE LOT MAY HAVE BEEN MISSING THEIR PRODUCT CODES .
 The new innovations are long overdue . I love the ribbons and how they are separated from all the others . Wish I had purchased this upgrade sooner . I am sorry to hear others do not like it - but I just ca n't understand . It did n't take long to adjust to the new look and you can do so much more this this version ! I guess it is up to the individual , but I would highly recommend it !
 I am delighted to be able to just click a button to do manuevers that required all kinds of menus and different screens in the old program . So far , I have used both the Word and Excel programs and am impressed with how easy they are to use . I have to save most things in both the older format and the newer because most correspondents do n't have the new program yet . But that is just a click of the mouse , so no problem . I also noticed in comparing the old and new saved programs , that the 2007 version uses less memory to save items .
 The product was received faster than expected . It was brand new and works great !
 Microsoft Office works as expected , and saved about $ 30 over what Circuit City sells it for . Thanks
 This program has a lot of functions , more than I need , but it 's easy to use once you become familiar with it . Great for creating spreadsheets and presentations if you are a student .
 i must say i love office 2007 , but minor drawbacks come with it . only upgrade if you 're not afraid to try something brand new because the new interface looks nothing like before . it 's very easy to get confused with all the icons . microsofts ' new ribbon technology is a tab system that actually makes commands more accessible than old school drop down menus . it takes some time to get used to , but with the added options , power users will love it.i feel sorry for those that do n't like it , because they 've been buying older versions that were all pretty much the same thing and now that something different and new comes along , they reject and refuse to learn it.office is now a great tool to use to make very appealing looking documents - great for personal and small business use . it 's a lot of fun to use , so it might be distracting to employees of larger companies because they 'll be playing with the various tools for fun.there are numerous , attractive templates for every document imaginable . i 've already found so many beautiful and useful calendars , planners , letters , presentations , resumes , budget sheets , etc. available - dozens more than older versions . you can browse and download every avaialabe templates for free at < http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/templates/FX100595491033.aspx > . some templates are usable by older office versions , while some are exclusive to 2007 , so read the descriptions.i felt like i had to fight previous versions of office because creating simple indents and tables would be such a pain . word 2007 in particular can do a couple things so much better than before . inserting tables is so easy ! when inserting pictures , clipart and graphs there are dozens of visual improvements that would usually have to be done in a special graphics program like photoshop . for instance , when inserting a picture , you can adjust the image in a 3-dimensional space , adjust the brightness/contrast/color , add mirror/shadow effects and so much more.IMPORTANT HINT
 Excellent choice for students or for anyone who does n't have much use for all the other mumbo-jumbo programs that MS Office Business or Professional offer . This is much different than the older versions of Microsoft Office but I 'm so glad . The layout is fresh , new , and a bit of a challenge to get at first , but once you do , you will find that it is extremely user-friendly . When you once had to seek and find for different things to do with the document now it is either staring you right there in the face or just another tab away . The challenge is figuring out which tab it would be under so you wo n't have the traditional `` File , Edit , View , ... '' They will be labeled as something else -LRB- sorta like a binder 5 tab format at the top of the screen -RRB- but you can get it ... just be patient and play with it which wo n't take long . I love the added fonts , designs , and overall ease of use . The new powerpoint features , added art stuff , and easy layouts are a plus for those who do presentations and what not . This is the best product and it gives you the opportunity to save your work as the older version still so those who have n't upgraded can still view your work . MS One Note is also great because for all those times that you wanted to save a picture of a website , pdf , etc. . . and ADD your own info to it ... well , now you can . Great product and great buy on Amazon . Do n't look elsewhere , trust me ! You wo n't regret it . I 'm even going to take a class to learn more about the programs . So worth it !!
 Excellent service ! I barely hit the enter key and it was delivered to my door.What better service could that be?Thanks
 I needed to upgrade my wordprocessor so that I could upload papers to my university 's web site . This program was the right one and it is easy to teach oneself the ins and outs of the program . If you have n't upgraded your wordprocessor in this century ... I recommend it and this is the PERFECT program .
 I was very happy with the online serve/delivery and product and would purchase again.Thanks and great job !!!
 Read reviews first and many did n't like it but those were mostly ones that were used to word 2003 . I never got used to 2003 so working in 2007 has become easy for me . I 'm a student and every one is using 2007 now so I 'm in line with the times . It has the nice feature of being able to convert a document to be compatible with 2003 for when you want to send it out that way . I have played with the other programs but not worked with them . I would highly recommend this product .
 This is the perfect tool for college students . It 's very well organized , and makes school a lot more fun .
 The product was delivered more quickly than expected . It will take some time to get used to the new icons for software that I have used before so , I ca n't tell if it 's better or not yet .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007I purchased this product online and received it quickly . It was simple to install and everything I expected from placing the order to shipping and receiving and product quality was excellent . Thank you .
 I have this software on multiple computers and am happy with it 's performance in general . I am still having trouble adapting to the latest editions of Word and Excel , they are layed much different than before and it is hard to find even simple things . But like I said , I 'm getting used to them . / / / WEL
 Seems to be a lot of hoopla about how hard it is to use the new system.I find the ribbon approach more efficient and the extra features in 2007 are great.I found 95 % of my old commands immediately , the rest took a few days but was easy to do with internet help . Some of the problems I had were with finding `` set print area '' , removing the double spacing and changing headers/footers . All in all I am very happy with this software , have used it for 6 months with no crashes .
 Some of the most competitive prices online can be found on the Amazon Website . I am also impressed by the shipping and handling . Your purchase arrives approximately when they say it would ; moreover , you can track your purchase all the way to your door . That is real value for you money . Obviously I am a very happy customer of Amazon .
 I received MS Office , new and unopened , at the best price on the web or in stores . The MS website was asking twice what I paid here .
 I had gone to a major electronics store to purchase this product . The sales assistant was vary nice and told me to go on line , that I could find it a lot cheaper . He was wright I found it here for less than half price.Thanks for the great price and serviceArt -LRB- Florida -RRB-
 It arrived expeditiously , it worked the 1st time , and the only hard part was getting it out of the fancy package . What else could you want ?
 Excellent , thank you ! The package 's box was really big , but it arrived very fast and safe .
 I love this product ! It 's great for those of us that need to attend college and whatnot . Although OpenOffice is free , Microsoft is better quality .
 When advertised , this product showed that it included microsoft outlook , which I need for my blackjack telephone . When I received the product it did not have outlook , so I returned the product and ordered the outllok program alone . Shipping , handling and ablility to return were outstanding . it just was n't the product I actually wanted .
 This is all the software you need for home and school . Amazon has the best price around . I find that is true for most items I look for .
 We bought this product because my kids needed the powerpoint function to create powerpoints for their class requirements . They have had so much fun , and it is very impressive . They are eager to compile knowledge so that the powerpoint can begin to take form !
 Amazon was the cheapest place I could find MOHS 2007 , so I bought it here . Shipping was fast and the product works just fine .
 I am just starting to use it again so I really can not write any review as of yet . Give me some time .
 The software is great , but underwent so many changes from the previous version of Word -LRB- which I use the most -RRB- that it took an unbelievable amount of time to become familiar .
 I bought this software when it was on sale for $ 69 so no complaints here . It takes some getting use to because of the new ribbon but I highly recommend this product . I also bought the Word & Excel missing manuals and now i 'm starting feel like an expert user .
 Great product . . very useful and easy to understand programs.excellent value for the price I paid .
 I received my order in only 3 days ! It arrived in perfect shape and was just what I needed.NEON
 I like Microsoft office home and student a lot all went well with my purchase just wish Microsoft would have included outlook.everything else was just fine deliver , purchase , packaging all was excellent .
 This was the best deal I found anywhere . Product was brand new in sealed package and shipping was fast and free .
 Great product and also great price ! I would have paid $ 60.00 more at Walmart . I will tell my friends that need this product to go to Amazon to purchase !
 I needed to get this for my daughter for her college assignments , Amazon had the best prices , I shopped around . This is a great deal for those of you who are in school and even for your day to day things you do personally .
 Microsoft Home and Student 2007 is a good program . I have never used previous versions of word , only because there seemed to be a higher learning curve . This new program uses larger and more accessible symbols to perform word document actions . This has been much easier to learn than on the older versions . Moreover , there is also a feature that allows you to save documents in the previous MS word format , so this way everything that you write in the new program is accessible by an older version . Buying through Amazon is a sweet deal . I ca n't recommend them enough . Every other place I looked online was asking for more money than is listed here , in some cases more than twice as much . My only minor complaint is that is does not come with Microsoft Outlook .
 The license agreement works out great for our house . We were able to put the software onto both the laptop and the desktop machine . -LRB- The license allows for use on 3 home machines . -RRB- Excel , Power Point and Word are the foundation packages . One Note is a great homework tool bonus .
 I was a little disappointed that Outlook was not included in this product . That was one of the main reasons I purchased it . I now have an additional expense to have Microsoft Outlook on my computer .
 Let me start by saying that I was predisposed to hate this product . I got Office 2007 as part of a new Vista machine , and I was very unhappy with Vista -LRB- XP is much better in my opinion -RRB- . However , I was very pleasantly surprised by the new version of Office -LRB- I have been using 2000 at home and 2003 at work -RRB- . The ribbon takes some getting used to -LRB- and does eat up a good deal of screen real estate -RRB- but once I got the hang of it , it really made life easier compared to previous versions.Word - Editing documents is more intuitive . Also , a little noted improvement but invaluable for me as I write a lot of technical papers - the Equation Editor is miles ahead of previous versions . I may even drop my MathType and SciWriter and just use Word for my technical writing.Excel - Many new features . Works great . Churns through spreadsheets at great speed.Note that I have not had yet the opportunity to play with Powerpoint , Note or VBA , so I can not comment on those features.And you ca n't beat the price - $ 85 to get Word , Excel and Powerpoint on three machines ?
 This is a good product , once you figure out how to use it . Also , it is very important that you have a computer that has enough memory to use it , or else you will not be able to open any current or previous files in your documents . I learned this the hard way ! 356mg is not enough -LRB- even though the package says it is -RRB- if you are running several programs and have a relatively sopnisticated all-in-one machine installed with it .
 Totally great ! It has all the microsoft applications that i need as a student with the edition of One Note which i 'm fallin in LOVE with ! I love the new designs and how everything is so much easier to use . Perfect upgrade !
 Office 2007 is an upgrade worthy of use . The ribbon interface is a bit of a learning curve but worth the effort.The ability to activate 3 copies allows usage on my desktop and laptop.One nice thing is it is a full version which makes install easy.It also allows me to keep my Office 2000 copy of Access .
 this item was very needed and is very useful . it helps with my work tremendously -- so glad i found this , wish i had it earlier , but glad i have it now .
 It installs cleanly in about 10-15 minutes . It works just fine on my Dell Vostra , 1.8 GHz Core 2 Duo with 2GB of RAM . I am as happy with it as I have been with most versions of MS Office .
 Excellent product for school and home needs . Provides all the critical components needed for student and teacher tasks , at a much more reasonable price than MS Office Professional .
 I desparately needed Microsoft Office for preparation of course materials for classes I teach in Linguistics and Romance Languages . It was impossible for me to find this software here in Bluefield , West Virginia . So I went on-line to Amazon.com , found the product I needed , and with my VISA card was able to order . Delivery was promised within 3 days and I was not disappointed . I have been using the Amazon.com provided Microsoft Word program since , even typing and printing a transcription in IPA for a Linguistics class exam . Thanks for getting Word to me so promptly and with so little hassle . Sincerely , Lee Donnell .
 Ok , so there will always be a new version in the works , ok . But face it , Microsoft does good . Every time they issue a new `` Windows '' it is a success and an improvement.More ? Well , some have their doubt and problems here . Just be old-computer aware to support your desires -LRB- if you have problems -RRB- . Meaning , there are going to be plenty of new things in every `` Windows '' release , but since '98 you can choose whether to use them or not . Go with what you know for awhile and transition -LRB- or not -RRB- -- like I did with the single-click . Good clicking to all and to all I 'm out .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT . WHEN THEY RELEASHED THIS ONE , IT IS SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE OLDER PRODUCTS . IT 'S SO EASY TO LEARN AND YOU HAVE EVERYTHING YOU NEED RIGHT IN EVERY APPLICATION . GREAT !!!!
 This product is good to have in the computer and should come with a computer as standard software .
 I think this has been a major upgrade from office 2003 . I am now able to create some outstanding documents . One plus point is the pdf plugin and I can create pdfs too
 I went for this upgrade ! i love how the options are very easy to find and easy user interface .
 This program is very attractive on your screen . It has a lot of improvements , but some options related to word and excel seem to either be left out or hard to find . I been using it faithfully at work and with my school work for over a month and I find that it 's not really user friendly and it can be time consuming . You really have to look hard for common options .
 I think it is dishonest for Microsoft to provide the Windows Vista operating system and not tell customers that the common microsoft programs -LRB- Word , Excel , PowerPoint -RRB- are available for an additional $ 400 . That is the cost for the Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 software through Microsoft . The versions on Vista are trial versions that expire and lock users out . I was very pleased to find the software through Amazon for less than half the price . It loaded easily and works just fine .
 They changed and made Microsoft Office 2007 more in line with the flashy new Vista operating system . Problem with that is you need to relearn a lot of steps . Microsoft has a good interactive web site that without it I may never have mastered the new `` improvements '' . Now that I 'm getting used to it , I have to think I like it better if not just because it 's a lot flashier to look at .
 Chances are NO - if you own versions 2003 . But if you are thinking of buying this for first time then you are in luck ! This is an outstanding software package that can be installed on up to -LRB- 3 -RRB- home computers . Yes that is right three none business computers . That should handle just about every house hold.What you get are the standards
 some getting us to sfter older versions but there are many new features that are easier to luse once lyou becom formilia with .
 Microsoft has done it again . Office is Office , but they moved the functions to different tabs and where you are used to finding it , has moved.You have to learn where to find what you want to do , once you 've done that , it 's OK . Be careful when you save , make sure you save it to the old version selection , instead of 2007 's . If not , it wo n't open on any other version than 2007 .
 I 'm new to Microsoft Office . For years I used Lotus Suite ; so I ca n't compare MS Office 07 to 03 , but I can say I like the O7 version . The basic aspects of the programs are user friendly . To do more complex tasks certainly takes more skill , but that can be expected , and even the more complex tasks are n't too difficult . -LRB- I 'm using the Microsoft Step-By-Step book which guides me through everything . -RRB- I love the look of the programs , and the way the tool bars are set up.I 'd certainly recommend MS Office Home and Student 07 . I think it 's a great bang for the buck.Randy
 I 'm a college graduate , and I desperately needed Microsoft Office just for making edits to my resume .
 Having gotten used to the new look of Microsoft Office 2007 from using Office 2007 Professional at work , I had no trouble getting used to this version of Office . One fantastic addition to the home and student version is Onenote . I love this notebook style program and use it a lot .
 It took some getting used to , after having used the 2003 version for a while , but we like the changes they made to this 2007 version . It is easy to learn and to use .
 This was what I needed to view things that come on some of my e-mails also had a plus of Excel and word .
 Ok program but a lot different from previous edition . shipped in a timely fashion and received in good condition . Would do again .
 This product is great ! Microsoft did an excelent job of updating the office software this time around .
 I received my software just in time for classes . I love all the new features and the layout of the toolbars . Although it does n't come with access like the last home and student , I 'm still very satisfied with it .
 This is a great option for those who want more functionality than Works but do n't need as much as Office Professional has . The Notebook feature , though a tad intimidating at first , is my new best friend . Great value .
 I have read so many horror stories about Microsoft products , from this new version of Office to Vista to XP , that it makes me think that people purposely say bad things about any product made by the company . I 've had no problems with VISTA , and this Office version is the best so far . No complaints . Definitely worth upgrading for .
 I received the software in a timely manner and it was brand new , as stated in the posting . I would purchase from this seller again .
 This new office version works great with my window XP , you can also save files as office 2003 files and it 's fully backward compatible ... A must have software for every computer user .
 Even though I much prefer Office XP Pro , -LRB- it seems more user friendly -RRB- I am satisfied with my new MS Office Home and Student 2007 . The price was the major factor . It was affordable.If given the opportunity to recommend an office software , my recommendation would still be XP.Sincerely , SJ
 Good product , but I was dissapointed it did not install an icon on my desktop , to make it essier to access .
 So far Microsoft Office , 2007 works great with Vista . Some learning needed for the `` operator , '' but that 's to be expected .
 good basic product for student applications . Nothing fancy and reasonbly priced . If you want the basics and do n't need all the `` fluff '' stuff that you most likely will never use , this is the one to use .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student probably meets the needs of more than 75 % of all PC users without the additional cost of the full Office suite . Powerpoint 2007 is especially cool . Shoppers for this software should always carefully examine what is offered ! This applies in particular to the THREE LICENSES that it should come with . This allows you to install the suite only three times off the CD-ROM . Some products offered for less money have already used up one or two licenses before they ship it to you , so if your computer crashes or you get a new PC later on you may find yourself without Microsoft Office Home and Student .
 I used Microsoft Word 20 years ago , to write a manual for construction electricians . I could not have managed that task without that reliable old word processor . The new version is even better , even more complex and difficult to master , but a real pleasure to work with -LRB- especially on my more complex new project -- which is a work of fiction -RRB- .
 It 's really good , I really like it , it 's all new and easy to order it , and also it 's free shiping and fast . And my daughter can use it as well for her homework .
 I recieved the product within a few days . The installation was a breeze and it is great that I can install it on my laptop and my PC . I have no complaints so far . It worked wonderfully . I like the features with the password protection . I will definitely buy it again . The price is great comparing to other retail stores that I have seen .
 with this MS offfice home & student edition it is finally possible to upgrade home PC network of 3 computers for a good price
 After using M.S. Office 2000 thru the years decided to upgrade , but no need for the high cost and all the options in the full Office program.Office Home and Student price reasonable and meets my needs . After getting used to the Icon controls and finding some or the options that have been moved to other locations and many of the new features that have been included I find the program very easy to use and well layed out .
 I not only like this product and all of it 's new features -LRB- being able to scroll through fonts/font sizes and see them as they would appear in my document vs actually changing the font manually to see how it would look was one of the first and most useful things I noticed -RRB- but I love that it can be put on multiple computers . I am a mother of 5 and we have 7 computers . It sucks to spend so much money on certain programs and then have to choose who gets to use it.I also like how easy it is to save projects in different formats so that people with older versions of word can still open them easily -LRB- file
 I truly enjoy my Microsoft office purchase ! The process on Amazon was soo easy and the process time was the greatest . I will order something again . thanks AMAZON !
 For a person who does n't know computers very well , this was very easy to install and use . I 'm very happy with it .
 This software really helped to update my system . I recommend it to all that wish to purchase it !
 Very user fiendly , lots more bells and whistles . The end products -LRB- papers , reports , power-point -RRB- are polished and professional .
 So far I am very pleased with this product . I seem to get a faster response on my laptop than I did with XP . There are still a lot of features I need to familiarize myself with and I do that a little at a time . Like I said no complaints so far .
 This is great software for any student or anybody that needs a reliable word processor . It 's great with all the new features and I have n't found a problem with it .
 The product was everything that it was advertized to be . It just took almost 3 weeks from order to arrival . I discovered after the fact that there are a few days before a `` bulk '' order is submitted . Then it arrives at Amazon and is split , and then resent to the customer.This additional wait was unexpected , but thankfully I ordered it with enough time to get here before school started .
 In my opinion windows vista is well worth it 's price . It has a lot of features I like and find to be better than my former version of xp . The up grade to vista was not with out a few complications but they were easily solved . And it does have a couple of bugs to get worked out but Microsoft is in the process of doing this . Would I do it all over again ? Yes.M A Sinclair
 my daughter loved the Microsoft office software - it was everything she needed to do college homework .
 I received my software by the date I was promised and am very satisfied with my purchase with Amazom.com . I paid less here with shipping and handling included than I would at Walmart .
 This is a great product . Easy to use and install . I had no problem whatsoever . I think this version is the best so far with many new features !
 Yes , I know I had originally given it 2/5 stars , but to be honest , I have warmed up to the thing . I have learned to live with , and actually like the new Ribbon , as you do n't need to sift through menus to find a button . Also , while you ca n't customize the ribbon , it is actually laid out pretty nicely . -LRB- FYI , in Office 2010 , you will be able to customize the ribbon . -RRB- The new thing I like about Excel is that Conditional Formatting allows you to have unlimited rules , instead of just 3 which was the limit in 2003 . If I had to rerate this today , I would give it a 4.5 out of 5 . And , now I would recommend it . It just takes some time to get used to . __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ *** Original Review : *** I am a big fan of Microsoft Office , but this is just BAD . The GUI -LRB- Graphic User Interface -RRB- feels like it was thrown together in a few hours . There is n't much organization to it , and sometimes it is hard to find the tool you want . Removing the menu bar was a horrible idea . Who wants a huge bar full of buttons at the top of their screen?However , even though the GUI is a disaster , there are a few features I like . I like how when you roll over a new font or size , it previews it in the document . I also like the new templates.If you are used to Office 2003 , do not get this . If you are new to office , you might like it .
 Microsoft Office 2007 is used in most colleges and businesses , however , the home and student are in need of only a few basic components of Microsoft Office . I definately recommend this to any person who would use the basics-Word , Powerpoint , Excel , and OneNote . Also , any person who has to pay bills will love the updated Excel and the easy use of Word .
 It gets some getting used to , but once you 've figured it out , its a piece of cake to use . However if you 're still dead set with the previous format from windows office , than you should stick with that because this will only frustrate you and cause you nothing but grief .
 I finally have word . I can open e-mail attachments and save them . I wish I had bought it sooner .
 I am very happy with this product . It arrived in a quick amount of time .
 This was the perfect addition to our new computer . It came with a trial version and needed to purchase the full version and found it on Amazon for much cheaper that other places . I highly recommed getting this if you have a student going into high school that can use the student part of this program . My wife has purchased from Amazon before and been very happy with the products we 've received and will keep on buying from Amazon .
 I did n't want to pay the big price at Best Buy . As it turns out , most of the time , Amazon had the BEST BUY . Thanks again .
 This was the best price for an item I was forced to buy because of the Vista program . I ca n't believe that you only get a few months trial use of something that almost everyone needs for their computer . The best thing is that the place I bought my computer from never mentioned an additional cost .
 The product was what I ordered , at very low price -LRB- $ 49 off msrp -RRB- and quick delivery . Happy with product and supplier .
 This is an excellent product that allows me to do my school work both at school and home . I love getting the Microsoft Office Insider Newsletter . It is filled with a vast amount of helpful info .
 I have found all I need to complete my MBA degree . Easy to purchase , easy to install and easy to use .
 I can get spread sheets to other agents and send quotes to customers easier than without this system . Is reliable and does what we need .
 I think this version is a natural progression for student use . I take several online classes that require documents prepared in specific formats and various font requirements . I found that once I became accustomed to the product , it was wonderful to use . It really is a major improvement over previous versions . Although there are a few things that I still need to search for on occassion , I think this is the best edition yet . I am very pleased with it .
 It is a great product . Im in school and it helps with basically everything I need to do . It is very diffrent from the 2003 version and it takes some getting use to .
 I am very impressed with the new microsoft office . Office Home and Strudent Edition is very cheap , but it comes with full versions of the most essential office programs , namely Word , Excel , and Powerpoint . It also comes with OneNote , but I have not used that program . One of the greatest features in Microsoft WOrd is the ability to create citations for papers on the fly , alnog with bibliographies or works cited pages . Word allows you to chose the citation style , i.e. MLA , chicago , etc. . . And then provides a form based on what kind of thing you are citing , i.e. book , web site , journal , periodical , etc. . . You just fill in the blanks and bam ! Word inserts citiations for you and creates your works cited page . Very easy and very convienient . Just make sure you save all of your work in windows 97 to 2003 mode , otherwise older versions of office wo n't be able to open them .
 I have upgraded from Office 2003 . The upgrade process did not go as smoothe as I had hoped . For the add-ins would not transfer properly and once I had Office 2007 installed , it messed up my registry that Office 2003 would not uninstall.However , it installs great and works well if you install it on a new computer that has not known Office 2003 . The more I use it the more I 'm loving the new look and the `` tabs . '' I would recommend this software but would also caution you to uninstall your old office before installing this one .
 I went to Office 2007 as part of a new 64-bit Vista PC , so this might be colored by being tired of rebuilding and reinstalling . It is different ! It might be better and feel that it will be BUT it will take getting used to . There is a learning curve , as with all software . I am a big Word and Excel user . All of my documents and spreadsheets ported over w/o problems . There are many , many more options and functions that will increase productivity and presentation as they are mastered . It is a very easy install , on a clean PC . If you have Office installed , I would remove it first or purchase the upgrade version . This should make installing updates easier.Overall , I am happy with this version and the additional functions .
 I elected to purchase both Office Home and Student 2007 and Outlook 2007 for financial reasons . I believe that this is the most economical way to go on a new Vista computer , if you want Microsoft Office with all of its standard features . Should price offerings change , go the way that best meets all of your Office needs.For the XP user , I would use a discounted version of Office 2003 or Office XP . While the additional features are nice , I do n't think they warrant the additional cost . For this reason , I will not upgrade my XP notebook from it 's current Office 2003 version . A prudent shopper can get Publisher and Outlook included on Office 2003 for a similar price if they are willing to accept the 2003 or XP version .
 Why upgrade to 2010 version when all the other students are still using office 2007 . My low budget mindset told me to use Office 2007 for my kids computers because its almost half price .
 This older version has all the function that a home/student user needs . The drawback is that you have to buy a 3-load disc , which is great if you have 3 computers that need Office but only needing this software on one computer , it would be great to be able to share the cost 3 ways with other users .
 I really enjoyed this product . Easy to install everything I needed great for my homework needs.I love the word most . No Complaints
 A good intuitive program . I was surprised that I had to go to a third party to run `` spell check '' but I have n't found any other serious issues to confound a senior citizen.Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007
 This software was very easy to load and it works really well with older windows software . If you have files that are from the earlier windows it is still compatible with this windows . I recommend this to all students . The best thing about it , it did n't cost me a lot of money . it only cost me 119.00 . That was a steal . I feel like I am robbing bill gates .
 I am in love with the 2007 version of the Microsoft Office products . I had never heard of OneNote before , but LOVE it . After seeing a demonstration of it on the Microsoft website , I knew I had to have it ! I also purchased Outlook 2007 and love how they can work together .
 LOADED WITHOUT COMPLICATIONS ON WINDOWS VISTA . MUCH PREFERABLE TO USELESS WORD PRODUCT INCLUDED IN VISTA PACKAGE . -LRB- TRIED EARLIER WINDOWS OFFICE VERSION , COULD N'T MAKE SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR OVERIDE WHAT WAS DOWNLOADED AT DELL . -RRB-
 This new version of MS Office Home and Student 2007 offers some great advances over the old version . I find it easier to use and not much of a learning curve . It retains enough of the old version that you wo n't get lost . The price was right and I saved $ 20 . by buying it from Amazon rather that the on line version offered my by MS. Good buy !
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007this product was everything my kids needed to get their homework done . Thank you microsoft .
 A much improved and easier-to-use program , with new visual & graphics galleries for creating more dynamic documents and presentations .
 I 've only really checked out Excel and Powerpoint but the changes MS made to those two apps are pretty cool . Ca n't wait for work to upgrade so I can actually start using that functionality ...
 This product has many features which is a lot to learn , but so far I have been learning how to use many features without a manual . To get the full benefit of office 2007 such as the ultimate document creation you need to either take a class or get a manual and I am definitely willing to do that to get the total use of this software . I am happy with it so far .
 I use Word and Excel more than the the other parts of Office . At age 81 , it is taking me a while to find all of the features that I am used to in Office 2000 , but they are there and I think I will find it easier and faster to use once I get used to the new format . Excel has not changed that much so my learning curve is shorter .
 Great response , great shipping , great product . And cheaper than I could get anywhere else .
 I am so glad we got this . I had word perfect and hated it . Word 2007 is so easy to use and my daughter loves excel and power point . Have not utilized one note yet but maybe later . I searched the entire net and the best price was right here at Amazon.com . Also I was amazed at how quickly it came . I placed the order and two days later it was here . You just got ta love Amazon .
 Great product and prompt shipping . I appreciated the fact that this purchase would not go through on my charge account until I called and verified the purchase amount with my credit card company . Great security ! Installation was extremely user friendly .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 was recommmeded by MOVIP -LRB- Missouri Virtual Instruction Program -RRB- and it really helped .
 I particularly like how they use the different APA and MLA styles of citing sources . The managing sources let 's you see what sources you have and have n't used . The last version I used was 1997 and this was n't too hard to pick up for me . I had to buy it for graduate school and I 'm glad that I did .
 Good product . Have n't used it enough to tell if it is really better than 2000 Pro that I had . Needed to buy the Office 2007 All in One Desk Reference for Dummies to make the most of the features .
 I am sure that I 'll like this once I get used to the dramatic changes ! I ca n't believe how much they 've changed since the last version , but everything seems to make sense ... I 'm just trying to change old habits now !
 I used the other version of Office and inasmuch as this is different . . has ribbons in Excel , etc. that took me a couple of times using it to get use to , it is simple , seems pretty logical . I have had no problems with it and actually like the way it works better than older versions . I think if you have never used Office it may be a bit overwhelming ... JMO
 I am very pleased with this product . it 's more than i thought it would be . i highly recommend this software , especially for students .
 The Word 2007 has a completely different interface than Word 2002 and requires new orientation.Excel 2007 does not recognize Microsoft Works Database.Have not nor probably will not use the One Note software but was not afforded the opportunity not to load the program .
 Since I was upgrading from Office 2000 to Office 2007 , there was -LRB- and still is -RRB- a learning curve discovering where all the formatting and tools are . I do love the new design and will really enjoy it once I learn where everything is .
 Easy to install . Easy to run and use . Perfect for my family of four . Highly recommend . -LRB- And great deal from Amazon ! -RRB-
 It 's great if you do n't need outlook and the rest of the programs that the other Microsoft Office Programs have . Especially for school . My kids needed it for essays and presentations . I like the templates you can download from Microsoft Online .
 I needed to convert my trial version right away , but the Microsoft price was more than I wanted to pay . I checked out Amazon.com and they had a special price on that day , so I got what I needed and saved $ 40 . It was also delivered in two days .
 Just takes time to get used to.I bought this one because it 's all anyone REALLY needs for home use . Price is still high even on sale , but much better than paying for the standard version at $ 319 + . If you do the math
 This is a great way to buy office with word and excel , both of these i use full time and the price ca n't be beat , also can license it on three machines legally , no access database with it , i do n't use access that much anyway , so no biggy . For around sixty or seventy bucks it can not be beat . Power point and one note or packaged in with it and that is a plus . Great deal for the price .
 it 's a great deal is all you need is Word & Excel ... plus you get -LRB- 3 -RRB- licenses ...
 The GUI -LRB- Graphical User Interface -RRB- is amazing in this new version of Microsoft Office . It is very easy to use and is far better than previous releases . Thumbs up for Microsoft .
 Takes a little while to get used to the new interface , but it has so much more options now . Very nice .
 I like this new Office . It does n't take much time to find out all of the options . The ribbon is much more intuitive to use than the previous interface of office .
 Office 2007 is well designed . It saves me a lot of time compared to the old office .
 I started using Office 2007 in the beta version , and just could not go back to the 2003 version when beta expired . My ONLY complaint is that Outlook is no longer included in the Home/Student package . However , I would never have tried OneNote without it being included in the Home/Student package and it 's a really great software too . I wish the Home/Student version was licensed for more than 3 computers -LRB- as long as in the same household -RRB- because I have 4 kids and we will be using more than 3 computers someday when they are all needing it for school !
 I love the new edition . It is much more friendly than previous versions with more menus and easier to reach functions . The only slight negative is that most people have n't upgraded to 2007 yet so if you send a file you have to remember to save it as a 97-03 compatible file or they wo n't be able to read it . Not too big a deal , though , in the scheme of things . : -RRB-
 I upgraded to Word 2007 reciently and what a great suprize.Microsoft has added some fantastic features and a dynamic new userinterface.Good Job Microsoft
 Well worth the price -- it 's a great update from Office 2003 - and worked seamlessly on both Windows XP and Vista . Also offers compatability with all 2003 documents . This is a major plus for anyone with lots of docs that were created on 2003 Word that they do n't want to lose .
 The product is exactly as describe . The vendor I ordered from shipped it immediately .
 This is a great product to use . I had an older version in my computer and it uninstalled it and installed without any problems . My kids thinks it easier to use then the older version .
 The product was at a reasonable price and suited my immediate needs for Power Point presentations .
 I got my product the first day of the time period that they gave . Everything was as advertised . Software worked great ! . Would buy from agian .
 This is very useful when you need to yse office 2007 . It will make your life easer and buying it is very worth it !
 I received the software pretty fast . I think it took like a week to get it . I think that was pretty good . I have so far only used the Word part so far . I did like that I received templates for brochures too.I will be putting this to use .
 I am quite pleased with the improved functionality in Office 2007 . I 'll admit it takes a little gettin ' used to after working with the predecessors to Office 2007 for almost 2 decades , but I have no complaints at all.Delivery was next day as promised .
 I had to take a keyboarding course which required that I used microsoft word 2007 . Only problem is you ca n't find this in the stores anymore because of upgrading . To be able to do my work I would have to spend counltess hours at school in the lab rather than being in the comfort of my own home . I purchased this , installed it , and was able to do all my work from home . I was so happy and it does n't hurt to have microsoft word on the computer there will always be a use for this .
 office is the gold standard for college classes and easy to install and run , just wish the cost would be more reasonable
 I am very pleased with the software , it is exactly what was advertised and the price was more than fair .
 I bought this a long time ago I think when it first came out I just forgot to rate but it served its purpose .
 I downloaded this software on to my new laptop , and it 's worked great ever since . I highly recommend it to anyone .
 A nice package of products , missing only Outlook , which I would have liked to have . . And the download was purchased at a great price ! And for those who are interested , the Amazon download was not difficult once I realized that some Antivirus products like Spy Sweeper and Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus will stop the completely download from happening . I ended up downloading to a different laptop without the Webroot AntiVirus installed on it - P.K
 we had never owned a program like this before , for our computer . love it , and use it quite allot for all kinds of things
 This gave me all the programs I needed . I am writing a book and also do alot of Power Point with my grandson . Thanks .
 I normally would n't rate a product down a star just because of the packaging , but this one is so unbelievably bad I had to . It literally took me 20 minutes to open it and I never actually opened it the right way - I had to break it . And pieces of plastic shot everywhere . And my thumb is bleeding . And I ca n't toss the box because the product key is on it.If I ever meet the guy who designed this and/or the guy who said , `` whoa , this is a great idea ! '' I swear to god I will kick them in the nards .
 The updated interface for this version of Office is superb . There are many people who have been complaining about the interface redesign -LRB- ribbon bar , etc. . . -RRB- , but one must take into account that people in general simply do n't like change , and will complain non-stop whenever something changes . I am a fairly advanced user of Word , and the changes to the interface have only made me a better user . I 've now been able to find and use features that I did n't even know existed , and this is a big help.If you are a user of the old versions , yes , it will be a change , but you must take a step back and evaluate the interface for what it is . Drop your preconceived notions about what you want it to be . Also , it 's time for a reality check , since these changes are not going away , so you might as well get used to it.If you 're a new user to Office , you will have no problem using the interface and you will probably learn how to use it faster and better than it took people to learn the older versions .
 The item arrived as scheduled and was very easy to install . However , the program has a feature that uninstalls previous versions . This feature did not work effectively , so I had several versions of the software installed at the same time .
 I was hesitant to purchase this , given the reviews seem to be love it or hate it . Well , I 'm on the LOVE IT side ! My system is Vista , and have had no problems at all . The `` new '' Microsoft office is very intuitive to use , and much easier than all the other versions -LRB- and I 've used all of them . -RRB- After I figured out where the basic commands `` save as , print '' were , I was off and running . -LSB- To find these , click on the upper left logo . -RSB- My only possible concern is the new file extension . I have n't had the need to send files to non-2007 office people yet , so I do n't know if it 's a problem or not . I know I can convert prior to sending , but I 'll probably try not to at first , just to see how it goes . If I learn any great secrets , I post again.I never really thought I 'd be saying this , but `` Good Job Microsoft '' . It 's a keeper .
 I got my mic office home and student programs for my kids and it so good that I 'm also using it for my daily home stuff . good purchase .
 Since this is a Home/Student edition , I would like to say that it is as good as the regular professional edition that is if you use Word , Powerpoint and Excel on a regular basis for personal use only . Regarding the features in this version of Office . . it was time consuming in relearning the interface . Still I will give it a 5 star because so far it has not crashed on my pc -LRB- windows xp -RRB- .
 Office Home & Student has helped me to enhance the things I need to accomplish on line to help with securing a job ! So many websites now ask for compatability with Microsoft office , and it makes things move a lot faster . One thing I noticed was the free trial offer was not as fast or compatable as the 2007 Office & Student . Thanks for all the help . James H. Wynkoop
 The product was received just as stated only $ 40.00 less then anyone else on the net and or the local box stores . What else is there to say .
 Microsoft put exactly the programs I use into one package . This works for me because I only use Word , Excel and Powerpoint . And it gives 3 license so I had enough to cover all 3 of my computers .
 I really needed my purchase and amazon made sure I received Microsoft office in time to catch up on my homework
 Thr purchase was easy and the price was good , and the delivery was very good . I like make purchases form Amazon.com because of the ease of using your program . The blood presure cluff was just what my Granddaughter needed for her nursing classes she is taking . It arrived on time and in vey good condition .
 Product was easily installed and updated certain programs automatically . It 's different from the previous version and takes some getting used to , but I like the features . The only drawback is that people using a lower version of MS Word ca n't open 2007 documents unless you specifically indicate you want to save them as 97-2003 versions . Great product otherwise .
 I am a huge fan of Office 2007 . The Home and Student Version is the smartest version to buy . It has what you really need - Word , Excel and PowerPoint . It also has Microsoft One Note which is an amazing tool for students.If you have n't used it before , One Note -LRB- similar to Google Notebook which has now been discontinued -RRB- is basically like a computer version of a notebook . You can create sections and subsections within each notebook . You can then copy + paste links , text , or pictures from the internet , create tables or graphs , or type your own text on each page . I believe you can also add audio recordings but I have n't done this . It is like a notebook because everything floats on the page . It is not like Word because you do not have to press `` return '' for example to move down the page . With One Note , if you want to place a link in the middle of the right side you can . You can also pick it up and move it to another page . I have used OneNote to organize plans for a vacation to England and also for my college classes . It was a great help for both of these tasks.Word is also very much improved in my opinion . I work as a secretary and am grateful to be using the 2007 version . I like the ribbon set up at the top which displays all the tools . I also like the design of the program -LRB- much more modern -RRB- and the new fonts you can choose . I do NOT however like the new mail merge . It has not improved at all from the previous version , and is only harder to find now . I also do not like how important tools -LRB- such as having text centered vertically on the page -RRB- are not directly on the ribbon.Basically the only thing you will miss is Outlook if you are used to using that for your e-mail . It also does not have Publisher but I do n't know how often that is used any longer.Overall , this is a great upgrade of Microsoft Office . I use it every day .
 What can I say , other than it did the job I purchased it for . No problems now in over 18 months of solid use . Yes , there are alternatives , but this is really worth getting as it has solid support .
 Everything you need to get the Microsoft Word program on your computer . No limiting factors and the price was great .
 I was leary about ordering this product and if it would contain the product key , but upon arrival everything was great . I recommend it .
 Well now 2010 is out so hopefull you will purchase that one . I bought this aboiut 2 years or more ago . It worked as it was suppose to at the time . No complaints .
 You can do all kinds of cool things with this software . Easy to install and I just keep finding more and more things that it can do . I use it mostly to publish our newsletter .
 I had the professional version of this software while I was working and loved it so much that I purchased a home version when I recently retired . I have not had to use the home version as much as I used the professional one but when I do use it , I have everything I need right at my finger tips . I also appreciate Amazons quick delivery of my purchase .
 The packaging was in great shape as promised and the product was everything you said it would be . It arrived quickly . Thank you .
 When I finally got the correct software -LRB- I made a mistake the first time and ordered the Word only product -RRB- it installed easily and provides the Microsoft Office suit that I need . It will no longer spell check English in Outlook Express mail , and ca n't be changed , but does English in Word documents . Otherwise it works great .
 Windows 2007 is a great tool . I had it on my second computer and wanted to add it to my laptop . I have had no problems and am pleased with the result .
 After playing around with the free Sun Open Office software you can download on the internet , my wife & I decided we needed to get the real deal . Honestly , we only use Office for Word & Excel , but it was well worth the great price Amazon was offering . Coming from using Office 97 , figuring out some of the new nuances has been a bit of a challenge , but it 's not that hard , and you should be up to speed in no time .
 This is a great low-cost alternative to MS Office Professional . I bought it to install in my teens ' laptops . They have everything they need to do their homework , research , college prep , etc. . It 's fully compatible with other versions of MS Office , so they can move their files from home to school computers with just a flash drive . I highly recommend it .
 It is such an improvement over Office 2000 . I am really enjoying it and got it for a great price . Well worth the money .
 The order came to my house in due order , unfortunatly I have n't yet loaded it because the computer that I am going to put it on is temporarily down because of some minor work being done to the house so I ca n't honestly say if it works or not , but the package was in pristine shape and the packing that it came in was more than addequate and the delivery was quick . I give this shippment four out of five only because of the fact that I have not loaded the product and ca n't comment on the shape of the product itself , which is n't the vendors fault .
 This item was a great find . I have n't found it ANYWHERE for a better price . I am a very satisfied customer !
 Got the cheapest price on Amazon . That is the best part . In comparing to the old Office 2000 , the interface is not that intuitive . You have to search for the save , print buttons in the left hand corner . The templates for certain forms such as letter , faxes , power points , etc are not available right away . I guess I got to by a Dummy Book or something along that line . It is a pain in the you-know-where .
 Have not used enough to be able to compare to older versions of Microsoft office .
 The product serves my uses quite well . I mostly use it to check reports and presentations for other people . Since it does n't have all the `` bells and whistles '' it is easy to open files to check . I have used other programs that have simular functions and usually find them much more involved that for my tasks .
 This program can do anything ! I had to do a lot of hunting for stuff but once I found where I needed to go I found it was fairly easy . You can do almost anything with this program . It 's more detailed than 2003 but much more advanced with small details that really make a difference . I love it .
 Office 2007 is the biggest meaningful upgrade since 1997 . No more mere cosmetic enhancements , but a whole rebuild from the ground up . This not just a cosmetic change from Office 2003 as some reviewers state . It 's a whole new interface on some office products.The ribbon command system is both a godsend and a frustrating feature . While some commands are at your finguretips , others leave you scrambling for the help section or an online community to see where an old Office 97-2003 command is . There is something that is called a quick access bar -LRB- on the top left corner where the undo arrows are -RRB- on each application where you can have the commands readily available.I use Excel the most and this is the most improved program , IMNSHO . After years of outcry , Microsoft increased the number of column from a mere 256 to more than 16,000 . There are also over a million rows . Corel 's Quatro Pro spreadsheet has had this number for years , so it 's nothing Microsoft innovated.The graphs are much more modern looking on all the applications . I do n't think Microsoft has made any improvements in their graph designs since the late 80 's . Even Office 2003 had antiquated graphs.When formating documents , Office now have a live preview feature that allows you to know what the new format would look like by just point the mouse pointer over the format button.The one thing I feel should have been included with this is Outlook . Have n't gotten the feel for OneNote yet . Not alot of books available on how to use this.One thing about the ribbons , it 's on Access , Exel , Powerpoint , and Word , but for a mysterious reason is missing from every other Microsoft Office 2007 product including out OneNote and Outlook -LRB- except when dealing with messages -RRB- .
 I bought this update for my 5th grader and it will register for up to 3 computers in the home . I worried that the differences would take much time to learn , but in fact , the transition is fairly smooth.The new Word contains some features not previously or easily available . The language translation considers that we may email or receive documents with foreign words that will need this quick to use feature . A nicer feature is the availability of cover sheets . They are easy to access and eye catching.Word now presents the commands in straight categories , but this was n't a real issue of concern for the old version . If you buy '07 just for Word , then I would n't recommend it . However , with further use , the new version may show its worth.The bigger plus is PowerPoint . My daughter is learning this program at school under the now older model . She is excited by the easier to use features.The slide designs are both much easier to view and gives instant preview for how your slides will change . You can flip through all the available formats without waiting for downloads , or viewing a small screen -LRB- as with the old version -RRB- . In the same window , you can change the background , the font , add transition , and animation to each or all slides in a few clicks . These are much less cumbersome features . The new designs are certainly welcomed given how tiresome it has been to see the same old slides in presentations.I have n't looked at the Excel , so I can not comment on this feature , but if presentations are most important to you , then 2007 is well worth obtaining either in the office bundle or separately .
 I needed only Word , Excel , and Powerpoint , so Office Home and Student 2007 was perfect for me ! I applaud Microsoft for offering a low-cost alternative to the `` full '' Office packages , and nobody beats Amazon 's prices ! I could have purchased this product in the same -LRB- discount -RRB- computer chain where I bought my new laptop , but chose to purchase from Amazon instead due to the significant difference in price.Admittedly , the new interface takes awhile to get used to -LRB- it took me a full fifteen minutes to locate the `` save '' button for instance -RRB- but its a fresh , clean , common-sensical new look . I 'm quite pleased .
 Yes , the user interface is different now , although all of the old features are in there somewhere.I was lost for much of the first week that I used Office 2007 -LRB- via the beta -RRB- . Here 's what made it usable for me :1 . Building a custom quick access toolbar to include the things that I need . All I had to do was right click on any ribbon button that I wanted to add , and the option to put it in the quick access toolbar was right there . Nice .2 . Seeing that the `` recently used '' file list can be as long as the screen , basically meaning that I did n't need toolbar buttons for frequently opened files any more .3 . Realizing that I could find my old commands in `` help . `` I do like the feature where in Word , after I highlight text , a floating dialog comes up with the most common things I 'd want to do . And if I do n't click any of them , the dialog goes away on its own.Regarding the lack of Outlook in the Home and Office Package , it 's not a big deal to me . Why ? I find Outlook is still clunky and tough to use . MSFT is coming out with a major upgrade to Outlook Express that I prefer over Outlook.On the downside there are new file formats , but I 've thus far been able to mostly ignore them and use the old formats for all of my documents.There 's a lot of nice `` craftsmanship '' in the Office 2007 UI -- too many things to mention -- I 'm going to go for the upgrade .
 I needed to buy Microsoft Office for college . Since I did not need Outlook , the Home and Student version was perfect for my needs . This was the lowest price I was able to find anywhere .
 Very happy with this product . I love the on-line help , also can use off-line help . Very user friendly and easy to use .
 VERY GOOD UPDATE FOR THOSE WHO HAVE USED EARLIER VERSIONS OF EXCEL . '' HELP '' SEARCHES ARE A BIT CONVOLUTED ...
 It took 2 times of restarting my computer before it was all said and done .
 I ORIGINALLY GOT THIS PROGRAM FOR MY KIDS BUT SOON FOUND OUT I USE IT JUST AS MUCH AS THEY DO ! I LOVE IT ... THE PRODUCT ARRIVED AT MY HOME THE NEXT DAY . . I WAS DEFINITELY SURPRISED !! EASY TO INSTALL AND USE . . PLUS THE PRICE WAS RIGHT !!!!
 2007 Home and Student is perfect ... Word , Excel and powerpoint for 3 machines takes care of all my needs .
 had some problem w/installation maybe because I have an old system.product works well .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 is a little differnt from the earlier versions of Microsoft Office . It takes a little while to get used to the changes but it seems to be working well once you are adjusted . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 What can you say . . it does what I bought it to do . . no problems .
 Amazon delivered as promised and on time . The product is great ! There are many new features and neat innovations in the excel product and I truly like the Word has been revamped .
 I am very pleased with the quality of the purchase of the Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 . It is as stated -- factory sealed . I had no problem installing it and it works well . It suits my needs perfectly . I was pleased to be able to purchase it for less dollars than anywhere else I searched and it came in a very timely fashion . Good job !
 I have used Microsoft Office for years and it is a very good product . Suggestion
 More than enough of a product for my needs . Taking a bit to learn where everything I normally use went though .
 Needed a lower cost option than the entire suite to do limited workload at home . Works great .
 I have worked with Excel for many years . I like the changes that were made . The pulldown menues for formatting are great .
 This is just what I needed and it came so quickly . . Comments were honest and truthful . Thank you very much !
 This was the place to get the best price !!!! I went everywhere it there was a good $ 60 difference !
 I do n't know why I waited so long to update my software ... . this is easy to install and easy to use . I researched before I bought and Amazon was best price . I am a little old lady with mediocre computer skills , and I needed this for club work . What I wanted to know before I bought was 1 . will it screw up the stuff I already have on my computer ? NO . And 2 . will I be able to use it easily ? YES .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student is perfect for the tasks on my pc . It included 3 licenses which was one of the positive features due to my son also using if for his Engineering class pc . The ordering was easy ; the shipping was fast . One could not expect better!Tony from the WHODAT Nation ...
 The Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 price was terrific ... much lower than any where else . I loaded it onto my computer and it works well .
 I had this product on my computer as a trial and I decided to get the full version . As expected , this product has various upgrades from the previous version and it is a joy to work with . I would recommend this product to everyone .
 For any college bound student without this software on their computer , this is an excellent gift idea . The product works great and I have n't had any problems with it . Easy to install and works great with my laptop .
 I have been using the Office 2007 at work for quite some time , so I thought I would like to have it at home also . When I started installing the product I was unable to install it . It kept telling me the computer was configured correctly but did not go any further.After seeking assistance from Best Buy I went into the programs and deleted the Office 2007 that was there . Once that was done I was able to install the new Office 2007 with no problem . It installed in just a couple minutes.I greatly enjoy using the Office program -LRB- word and excel are my main uses -RRB- . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 This software is everything it was advertised to be . It loaded up quickly and we were using it immediately .
 M/S Office is a must have for students . I am a student at SVU , It 's nice to not have to go to the school to use their M/S Office anymore .
 The product arrived very quickly , and was in perfect condition . The price was right , as I probably saved around $ 40 from buying on Amazon instead of in a store .
 This software is state of the art and is an invaluable tool for creating presentations and word documents . I do recommend taking time and working to really become comfortable with the software . It is a fantastic timesaver in the long run .
 The code was easy to find and my software updated on the first try . Did not even need the CD .
 the first attempt the disc would not load and the seller had to send me a new one and it works great
 I used it for years , and this newer version is Ok . For casual userOffice Productivity Suite for Windows Ver .8 dis great value , it comes with all the goodies , free upgrades , anti-virus , graphical program and so on .
 Nice product - competitive price . This suite includes Word , PowerPoint , Excel and OneNote.For a detailed comparison of MS Office products , visit : http://office.microsoft.com/en-us/products/FX101635841033.aspx
 There are SO many things you can do with this software . I have an online hunting and camping store and this is great to help create flyers ... they look SO professional ! And it 's easy to use . I used the Microsoft `` test drive '' to see how this software works and it 's a good thing to do . I do n't recommend the 60 day free trial -LRB- I lost all my old Outlook emails when it expired . . if you know how to get around that , then go for it but the other `` online '' free trial they offer is just as good and you wo n't loose anything -RRB- . Like my Outlook 2007 review , this was a real treat for me and worth the price . . which again WAS LOWEST AT AMAZON , by a LOT . WORD , POWERPOINT , ONE NOTE -LRB- A Really Cool Feature ! -RRB- . . all of it is great . If you need Office capabilities but ca n't afford the REALLY nice stuff , this works just fine . You will be happy with your purchase .
 Loved the new features , it is worth getting used to the new tools layout , it 's very logical and easy to use , and if you do n't find what you are looking for the help tool is very useful and direct to the point . I 'm writing my university thesis and it is so easy to get the table of contents , the citations and bibliography , saves lots if time !!! And you can compare different versions of a document ... Every day I discover something useful !!!
 The spreadsheets are easy to work with and help me keep all of my contact info and resources easy to find.Love it .
 installed on my hp with vista home premium . i knew i would be happy with the software as ive had previous versions so all i was concered about was the price . it was the best anywhere of reputable companies and as usual , shipping was very fast .
 The product was just as expected and at the time a great price , however a week or so later the price dropped over $ 15.00 . I kinda felt ripped off . Next time I will compare prices and then wait at least if the product is on Amazon .
 Product was for three computers and I loaded it on my family 's three laptops which had earlier versions of word and power point and it worked very well , did not lose any data . Price was also very good in comparison what Microsoft charges . Excellent buy , fast delivery and as a result a satisfied customer .
 Great price through Amazon and delivered free and fast!Easy to use and many improvements from office 2003Updates are always available
 I purchased this product primarily for the Excel upgrade . It is super . I have used the Excel program ever since its inception and it is used for everything . Finances , letter writing , sports reporting . It is the best program I 've ever seen .
 Many new features for MS Office 07 . Very competitivly priced in the market place . Price even went down on Amazon after our purchase . Do n't rush to get it , shop it first.There are many new features in the suite , but finding many functions can be cumbersome until working at it for a while . Many functions have been enhanced and more powerful .
 I do n't need the bulky instuctions for the applicataion because I know the basic function . This product gives us the benefit with favorable price .
 Microsoft Office 2007 is much better then the 2004 version I was using however I do miss OUTLOOK . I am resigned to us MSN Mail and very inferior program to Outlook !
 For someone who uses Outlook , Access and Excel very heavily at work , I was having a tough time adjusting to the limitations inherent in Windows Mail and the database/spreadsheet programs in Microsoft Works ... this product alleviated that to a great degree ... In addition I am now exposed to a wonderful program called OneNote ... which I find very useful now that I have it ... I would recommend getting this for that program alone ...
 The only complaint I have about this product is that the Microsoft Word is not compatible with earlier versions of Word . -LRB- This may also be true of the Excel and PowerPoint -RRB- . So , when I have to send a document to someone else , anyone who has an older version ca n't open it . If I would 've known that before I bought it , I would 've purchased an earlier version -LRB- probably 2003 -RRB- .
 I had gotten a new laptop and it came with a ` trial ' version of Microsoft Office and I wanted to buy something so I could at least have Word and Excel ... I went searching and Amazon had the best buy there was . And I received it in a couple of days . Thanks .
 We can recommend this product without reservation . Met our needs and was easy to use .
 Thanks . The item was just what we were looking for . It works very well .
 Great product whether you are taking online classes or managing a homebased business !
 I have one child in college and two in high school . This product provides the software they need to complete their assignments . All three children are well satisfied with the software . The product comes with three legal installs which was just what I needed .
 I ordered this due to the favorable pricing . It was shipped promptly and in brand new condition.I am very happy with it .
 Amazon had the best deal for Microsoft Office 2007 . I shopped around various online sites before discovering the best one on Amazon . This product was easy to install and is user-friendly . Having this software to use at home has made it so much easier for me to complete assignments for my Microsoft college course .
 Amazon is a great place to buy online . They are quick , efficient and easy to deal with.Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 is a great program . Many improvements have been made in the Office Software since my Office 2000 . I especially like the Office Notes segment of this suite . It deserves being explored and used.Ralph H.
 I am starting my Masters degree online in the Fall and I needed a good word processing program for writing papers . I have been using Word since high school and I have always loved it , but I really love this new program . While it has taken me some time getting used to the new layout , it is very easy to use . I am a teacher and I have already created a powerpoint to use on the first day of school . It is a great buy !
 This Microsoft Office product is great for my home office needs . With access to all of the software programs I need , it makes my business transaction process quick an easy . I have no complaints about this product . As with many computer software programs and products , occasionally one might encounter a problem or two , but for the better part of using this software and encountering very few problems , I 'd say this is a great product to buy . Not bad at all .
 Installed easily . After years of paying too much for a MS suite , this is finally affordable and sufficient for the average user , as long as it has the softwares you actually want . No previous license or version needed .
 My primary system is Mac OS . I needed Window system and comparable program to exchange files with the `` Window '' based friends , such as Word , Excel , and PowerPoint.For my purpose , this program is good enough and perfect.Microsoft Office Publisher 2007 for Academic Use
 A must have for the home . I dont really need the other frills that come with the other editions . This was all I needed .
 Shopped around , was looking for excel 2007 . Microsoft home & office also updated my Word software . I 'm happy . Good price , 5 day delivery ; very efficient , satisfying experience .
 Got the item in 3 days and it was as advertised . Works fine on my HP Vista
 After using previous versions of Microsoft Office I was pleasantly pleased the newest version continues to excel .
 I have been using this -LRB- Word -RRB- for about 2 weeks now and am still getting used to it . The user interface is different from the XP version and there are some font inconsistencies between the two . However I am slowly getting the hang of it and am beginning to really like it . To maintain compatibility -LRB- I have an XP and a Vista networked at home -RRB- , I save the file as a Word 2002-2003 document . I do n't see any difference -LRB- except when I use fonts not available in the XP version -RRB- , so I am guessing that I am not using any of the advanced features that this version has to offer.Pro
 Great Price and lots more features then the MS Office 2000 I was previously using.Required much relearning of the many associated tool bars in to use effectively .
 I do n't know how to down grade an MS Office 7.0 typed document to a document typed in MS Office Suite 3.0 Help !
 I like this product . Just takes some getting used to the new toolbars but otherwise I enjoy using it .
 It 's easy to install and works great . I never thought you could get word so inexpensively so was wondering if this was the real deal and it is .
 I am used to using Microsoft Office 2003 and 2007 is different . The only thing I do n't like is that it is hard to find where all the buttons are . It will just take some getting used to .
 Alot of people wo n't give this version a chance . `` It 's not compatible with Office 2003 . `` Mine is.Microsoft released a compatibility patch earlier this year . `` Why did they take Outlook out ? `` Most home and student users use either some e-mail on the net like Yahoo Mail.There 's always Outlook express for XP and Windows mail for Vista.It took me five minutes to learn Office 2007 and I like it.People that are comfortable with the 2003 version say the new version looks too complicated.To them I say `` Deal with it ! It 's not as complex as you think . `` P.S. : You get to use it -LRB- Word , Powerpoint & Excel -RRB- on 3 computers .
 I got the best price ever for this product . Easy to load and to use .
 I am still learning how to use this product , but so far it has worked perfectly . I am somewhat disappointed that there does not seem to be a manual included with the software . It might be incorporated in the software and I just have not found it yet .
 The new program integrates the old -LRB- 2003 version -RRB- with the new , giving the user the option to save new documents in the 2003 format so others may view it easily . I use this product for school
 There is not much I can say about a product I have to purchase just because I have a new computer with Vista on it . -LRB- Another program I did n't really want -RRB- This is not a bash on the program ... It 's Microsoft Office . You get pretty much the same thing as you always have when purchasing Microsoft Office . There are a few things that are different . Cosmetic - Looks different . I guess you would say more streamlined . Tabs & Buttons - It throws you at first , but if you are familiar with Word , Excel etc. , you figure it out and continue your work . My bottom line is that it is `` Microsoft Office '' , I needed it , I got it , I will adapt & I will use it .
 Student/Teacher is a very good value for MS Office product . I received it in one or two days with free shipping from Amazon - great service.Norm
 I was glad to see 07 on sale as my 60 day trial was ending ... stupid new computers with no actual programs on them . I do wish I noticed that this does NOT have OUTLOOK ... my fault I know b/c I rush through look at the picture which said it carried outlook and than I am stuck .
 I would definitely recommend getting this version of Microsoft Office . It is highly updated , has many features , and can be installed on multiple computers in the same household . Includes
 The big difference with Office 2007 are the menus . Once you get accustomed to how they are layed out , its like any other new software . I am very happy with this product .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007I am a fan of Microsoft products . My only diappointment of this software is that I do not find it as user friendly as Windows XP . I can say once you get use to the changes , the software works well .
 I have only used the Word part of the program but it is a big improvement over prior versions and the online tutorials are great .
 Product is excellent , as I expected . The power point program has allowed me to view a lot of email attachments that I could not do prior to receiving this product.The product was received within a few days of my order . That was a very acceptable time frame.Jack White
 The product itself is great once it is installed and activated , however there was no product key included with my purchase , so a phone call to Microsoft had to be made to obtain a product key . This was troublesome and time consuming . Microsoft support explained it was a packaging glitch .
 This huge program is much cleaned up from 2003 . The new features are why I bought it . No compatibility issues so far with XP . This version of word and excel were very slow to boot .
 What you see is what you get . It is a good product ! It may freeze here and there but it works fine ! IT 'S GREAT !!!
 This product , older but still stable and useful was worth every penny . I needed a word processor for school and work but did n't want to shell out the $ $ for the latest version that I would n't be using every day . This product was the answer . Plus , since Windows still supports it , I have been receiving updates and Windows patches seamlessly . This product was just what my system and my wallet as looking for .
 It was delivered quickly and works fine . Ca n't ask for more . On the download it did not prompt me as it said but I was able to get around that .
 Please do n't get me wrong . I am not a Microsoft fan . I think that their anti-competitive strategies and behaviors are . . `` anti-consumer '' . I professionally use Linux and OS/X often , and there are several very nice word-processing choices available there these days . That said , I 've worked professionally on Windows for ... well , since it was a silly little 16-bit thing that was about the only game in town . It 's only appeal was as `` eye candy '' for the easily-impressed . Anyway - _ that _ said , Word 2007 was , for me - in all honesty - the absolute best improvement to WORD that has been released . It required a shift in working habits , so for an hour or two was `` unfamiliar '' , but the change from menus and drop-downs , etc. . -LRB- old-style Win GUI -RRB- to `` The Ribbon interface '' , with what is now almost a standard , TABS for menus and feature-sets . Most complaints and negative reviews that I have seen , and I 've seen MANY -LRB- all over the net -RRB- , seem to be coming from people who just installed it , while they are still totally unfamiliar and in `` withdrawal '' from their old-habits . If these same people came back a week or two later , after actually trying to familiarize themselves with the `` Ribbon '' , etc. . - I 'm quite sure these reviews would be hugely more favorable.Again , for ME , after just an hour or two - it 's `` hands-down '' easier , far more convenient in terms of access to functions and features . Visual preview prior to making changes in format , etc. . . just ROCKS ! For anyone who is even slightly `` visual '' in their organization and memory-function , this is going to be very pleasurable . I actually enjoy using it - which is something I never could have said about a word processor before . I 'm very visual , in the way I organize and the way I access my memory . This type of interface really lends itself to that . And - customizing the interface for my particular needs is VERY easy and almost powerful . I have taken my most-used features/commands , and built my custom command tool -LRB- called the `` Quick Access Toolbar '' -RRB- . Truth is , almost everything is quick-access with this version . Personally , I have previewed the more recent versions -LRB- post-2007 , e.g. 2010 -RRB- , and they do n't stack up . Not for the money for sure . 2007 is the , well , . . the `` money '' release . It 's the one to get if you are using older versions . `` SAVE-TO PDF '' is a killer feature if you want to make content for Acrobat/PDF-Reader folks -LRB- internet documents , let 's be honest -RRB- ; being able to save in any previous format , for compatibility with other users you know -LRB- I sent a doc to my bro-in-law . He emailed me back `` you sent me a . docx file , and my Word does n't know what that is ... '' . I just saved as a '' . doc '' file -LRB- no-brainer -RRB- and sent it again , problem solved . This was 4 years ago . Anyway - if you are a Word user , and you 're using any prior version , then you should consider 2007 . Cheap , comparatively , and way better . More fun as well . Of course , if you 're holding on to that old Pentium I from the 90 's ? Well , you match the software to the hardware , and vice-verse . ; - -RRB-
 I was reluctant to abandon Office 97 with which I had become very comfortable after 14 years . But recently when I was given the job of formatting an illustrated book manuscript that had been created in Word 2007 I had no choice but to upgrade in order to deal with the book 's complex formatting requirements . After a few days learning and familiarization with the `` fluent-user interface '' of the much more capable Word 2007 I have come to love it . Its sophisticated capabilities are amazing .
 Purchased this product to use while taking a computer class . Saved a bundle not having to purchase the entire suite . It arrived on time and in perfect condition . Easy to load with no problems .
 This is Microsoft Office 2007 with a minimum package . It is perfect for my grandson who is taking computer training in the 8th grade.He tells me it matches what he is using in school . It was easy to install with the exception of the 29-character long product key , which took me a couple of tries to get right.Over all this is an excellent product for the price . I wish they had kept the Office 2003 menus .
 needed it for school and coul n't find it in the stores seems that with 2010 coming out they were pulled thank god for amazon or i would have to stay at the school to do this class or work around 2010 which most offices are not using yet this is a great program with some fantastic features ca n't wait to lean them all i think so far my favorite it power point
 Purchased this after loosing my copy of Office 2003 . It has an easier install process than 2003 and was a good bargain for my needs .
 When my husband and I bought a new laptop a couple months ago we opted to save money by purchasing MS Office Home & Student 2007 on our own rather than having it pre-installed for us . After various discounts and giftcards we got it for a great price here on Amazon.Installation to the laptop was a breeze and did n't take long at all . I 've been using Microsoft 2003 for as long as I can remember - it 's so ingrained in my head that I can do it in my sleep . But after only a couple days of mild environment shock , I came to really like the new set up that 2007 offers , especially in Powerpoint . I 've now done several PPT presentations and I LOVE LOVE LOVE the upgrades - the templates look nicer , the options are fancier , and the presentations come out looking better than they have in years.I can say the same for Word and Excel , although I 've used those less than I have PPT . The ribbon layout for functions is easy to learn , and in the end makes everything run seamlessly . I 've had no problems with my old fast-keys working properly -LRB- such as Ctrl-C for Copy -RRB- . We still have Office 2003 on our desktop computer , and I 'm sorely tempted to go ahead and upgrade that machine to 2007 as well -LRB- our copy of the program came with the ability to do 3-4 installations on more than one computer -RRB- . All in all I 'm very pleased with this purchase !
 I am allways impressed with Amazon Customer Service !!! Quick delivery & Office 2007 purchase with the option of upgrading 2010 version for FREE !!
 Product is excellent , installed easily . Shipment was prompt and well protected . Always a pleasure to deal with Amazon .
 It 's always hard going to the next version . But it 's growing on me . I especially like the tool bars in word .
 This product was delivered on time and was exactly as describedon Amazon.com It is now in use in my new Dell laptop PC.Microsoft Word Home and Student 2007Forever Student ...
 The software product I purchased arrived promptly and was as represented -LRB- new -RRB- . I would recommend purchasing from this firm . I was completely satisfied with my experience and with the product .
 I needed word and excel as i had always used them , and when my computer and stuff was stolen lost them and needed them again . this provided what i needed plus gave me the benifit to view PowerPoint email i received . . would liked it to have had front page also , but ca n't have everything i want ...
 Updated version of Office Word & Excel . This is a must for any home application .
 MS office 07 , it 's great product.However , I do have a MS office 03 version , but MS inforced me to buy this new version .
 A little hard to get used to using , but you can change the settings and make it look quite a bit like the old products in this suite . I like it a lot . Very nice and worth the $ $ , especially since I 'll get 2010 free !
 this is great for everyone epecially for college students like me who take online classes and must turn in hard copies
 its got all the great basics and has improved capabilities
 Very good upgrade . Commands are sometimes hard to find at first . Word and Excel both have added functions and commands .
 Got it for the kids computer . Had office 2003 and lost it when the computer went in for repairs . Decided to update to the 2007 version that was just coming out . Amazon lowered the price prior to delivery and refunded us the difference . Very pleased with Amazon 's customer service .
 The interface has changed radically and it 's taking me some time to find the correct menu item . Unfortunately , I had to hit the ground running as soon as I installed the product , so I have not had an opportunity to go online and take the training session . I intend to do this ASAP and , if previous training products are anything to go by , all my questions will be answered .
 Very pleased with the fast shipping , very pleased with the price . It arrived in excellent condition and have had no problems with it .
 the 2007 version is a lot better once u get used to it . it is more user friendly . it looks great
 I really liked this version of Office . It makes formatting and other tasks like making tables , inserting bullets and the likes much easier.I have not done any work on Excel 07 yet , so I ca n't give any feedback about it .
 Great new features . much easier to use than previous versions.Auto formatting of previous files is a big plus.I have been looking for this for a long time.Go Microsoft .
 The 2007 programs -LRB- Word , Excel , PowerPoint -RRB- are so totally different from earlier versions that it 's taking me a while to get used to them , but they work just fine . There are some things that I really miss from the previous version that I ca n't find on this.This particular software bundle is perfect for me because it does n't have a lot of stuff I do n't need or want . And the price was great ! Best of all , my employer will be converting over to the 2007 Microsoft programs during this year , and I 'll already have an edge up on all the others because of my experience with it at home . The only negative thing about this is that my SpellCheck option in Outlook Express no longer exists since I installed this software , and I do n't know why .
 It takes a little getting use to at first , but it make storing information easier with OneNote , you can even password protect the inormation . The updated versions of Excel , Word and Powerpoint arebetter than before , the options are easier to find now with the tabs they have for them . Very easy to use .
 A dramatic improvement of an already excellent product . It 's 100 % worth acquring this software . It not only improves the quality of your work but it 's a lot of fun to learn using the new look and tools .
 Purchased to replace Word Perfect and Word is much easier to use and am enjoying Powerpoint 's slide show capabilities . Help available always .
 This product was very helpful in helping me learn to use office for the beginning of my writing career . It made learning how to use MS office easy .
 This is the perfect compliment for my vista software . Now I can do everything I want to .
 I really love the notebook function . The new way of doing equations is great too .
 It seems pretty good offering all of the functions I 've come to love about microsoft office . The layout is different than I 'm used to and I find myself searching for the tools I need . I just need to take more time to play with it and learn it . I think it will be good .
 HAVING USED WORDPERFECT FOR YEARS AND RECENTLY I PURCHASED THE MOST RECENT VERSION WHICH I HAVE NOW REMOVED FROM MY COMPUTER AND DISCARDED , I PURCHASED MS HOME OFFICE . I ADMIT THERE IS A LEARNING CURVE AND I HAVE NOT FULLY COMPLETED THIS ; I AM HAPPY WITH MS OFFICE . . i AM 80 YEARS OLD
 I am not a power user , but think the product is pretty good . Some new features in Powerpoint are pretty cool . I miss Outlook , but just kept the 2003 version on my Vista Laptop
 This version of MS Word is great . Finally something different . It 's taking a little practise getting used to as the set up is very different . If you enjoy formatting you will really enjoy this .
 I have heard allot of hype over the new Windows Vista , both good and bad , mostly bad though as people warned me to stay away because of all the problems and glitches with this product . After using it for more than a month I can not seem to find any major issues with Office 2007 . The new `` ribbon design '' does take some getting used to , and it can be a little perplexing at times , but there is logic to its design . I would have to say my only major complaint , so far , is the office assistant is missing and I liked that feature , but that is not enough of a problem to bother me that badly . The negatives are far outweighed by some of the new features that have been added to Office 2007 that give your documents , spreadsheets and PowerPoint 's a more professional look . If you are looking at this item to purchase just keep an open mind and do not carry any preconceived notions , mainly be flexible and you will be fine . There is a learning curve to the new 2007 software but the helps feature does work and when that fails to answer your questions I have found some great videos done by Microsoft that you can watch online . So be bold and do not listen to all the hype as what it boils down to is , most people do not like change ...
 The product is great . The only problem is , there was a voucher for 12-month access to Microsoft Official E-Learning Collection 5262 , it had expired on September 30 , so I can not use it !!
 My very old version of Word was giving me so many problems , I decided to update . It 's such a relief to know my computer wo n't suddenly dump all my hard work ! It was an easy transition from the old version to the new .
 Right out of the box I loved it . I installed all products -LRB- Word , Excel , PP and One Note -RRB- . Activation gave me errors at night but next morning , it activated quickly.This is the first time I ever used One Note ... it is an exceptional tool to organize all your ` electronic stuff ' . Now , the more I use it the more it becomes irreplaceable from my electronic life . I rate it 5 star .
 Exactly what I ordered . Office 2007 is easy to use and very functional . I was able to navigate my way around after only about an hour of use . Very happy .
 This program works extremely well with my home business . It 's great for the kids and schoolwork too . There is absolutely NO need for the Office Professional as long as you have this product !! Excellent shipping and customer satisfaction too -LRB- by seller -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 I purchased Microsoft Office and Student 2007 from Amazon a couple of months ago , for my new Vista computer . I was used to Office 2003 on my XP system . Specifically Word and EXCEL . The icons on these program in Office 2007 are confusing to me . I realize in an international market , a picture or icon may be more cost effective than actual words , but I think I should have the option to use English words or Icons . Maybe this option is available , but I have n't found it yet . I had to stop and play around with it a while to find the basic Word functions . I was able to program my most used options onto the Quick Access Toolbar . Most things are not where they used to be and not availabe under the menu items I think they should be under . Microsoft 's options seem to force you to do it their way or else.Someone told me I will love OneNote , but I have n't tried it or PowerPoint yet .
 great product to upgrade if you need home microsoft office vista . Installed automatically without a problem and very easy to navigate .
 I was pleasantly surprised as how easily this software installed . No problems at all . However , it seems quite different than previous versions and will take some adjustment on my part . Also , Amazon had the best price I could find .
 Microsoft Office is essential software for your home or office . This version is a great upgrade for the Office Suite . It features some great updates to the interface of the Suite , as well as new capabilities and even one new program . One of the major changes to Office is the new `` Ribbon . '' The old menus have given way to a new feature called the ribbon , which arranges tasks around how you use them , rather than the function-based menus in previous versions of Office . The menus offer the interface to be customized further.This version of Office also offers the ability to create visually stunning documents with ease . I love how I can create a professional looking document in minutes with all of the new backgrounds and templates . The interface now looks clean and very stylish . There are even new fonts to choose from . The new version of Office saves documents as a . docx file , but you can easily convert to and from older versions of Office with ease . If a format you choose is wo n't convert , the software will alert you and allow you to save it in a compatible version.I need Word , PowerPoint , and Excel for my uses , but in this version of Office , Outlook is replaced with a new program called One Note . One Note is a great alternative software to Word for producing informal documents , such as taking notes , or making to do lists . I use one note in my classes to write down notes from lectures . It even has a built in voice recorder for audio notes right on the spot . The notes can be written anywhere on the page and can be moved around on the fly . One Note is like a virtual notebook . The more I use it , the more I wondered how I lived without it!Overall , I enjoy the changes that have been made to Office in the 2007 version . The retail version comes with three licenses , which means that it can be installed on three different computers at one time . I wish they had given a little more warning to the differences between the new file types and the old , but overall , this is a good upgrade .
 Thank you for the great product . It was here before it was due and it 's a lifesaver . For anyone with a new laptop or computer who has a student , this is a great resource .
 This product was delivered in the time frame , and new condition as promised , and I received free delivery . I got what a customer expects . Thanks AMAZON.COM !
 Everything the average person or student would need in office software at a reasonable price . Just what I was looking for !
 This is an improvement and not just an upgrade from the 2003 and earlier office tools . The only thing is that it takes a little time upfront to select and adjust the environment for your purpose . I find every that I use the product I find a useful function that I would like to have known about sooner.The saved files use less space on the disk . And they are easier to save or `` save as . `` I am using this suite on Windows XP , Vista , and Vista 64 , as it comes with three licenses . Most of my work and this review are on Vista 64 which I also find to be quite flexible.I will have to eventually purchase a more expensive version of office but I want to master this one first . As part of the mastering I am also dabbling in speech recognition . This is working quite well .
 I bought this a few months ago when the trial version expired on my computer . It is the spread systme I like so much . I would like for it to allow you to write whatever you want in the notebook section . I 've tried to write musical notes and the thing just gets confused . Over all it I suppose it is good for everyday use , but is n't that what everyone says when they think that one little extra they want is weird ? Good luck with yours .
 I had lost my original Microsoft Office 2001 due to a crash ; and decided to try the 2007 version . I am glad I did . It 'll take a bit to learn the changes , but I 'm eager to try everything out . So far , after a month , everything has gone smoothly with the transition of old files .
 Microsoft Office 97 - 2003 has basically been the same so I was stuck with 97 for so long , then I finally got 2007 this weekend . At first , the new interface looks kind of strange , but once you get used to it -LRB- if you poke around for less than a minute , it 's actually really intuitive -RRB- it 's so efficient ! I REALLY like it . Powerpoint is the best now , before you had to look for what you wanted to do -LRB- unless you did PowerPoints a lot for your job -RRB- and now it 's so easy , click a few things that look nice and voila ! I definitely recommend this product 200 % , especially since it 's only 85 dollars on here = -RRB- If you 're worried about activation and have time , you can always just activate by the phone because all it does there is generate a random code and then Microsoft gives you the corresponding code to activate it , it ca n't get any of your computer data through random numbers ;--RRB- It only takes around 5-6 minutes on the phone so it 's really no big deal if you are really worried about your privacy .
 I wanted to know who would be a good source to order the MS Office Product , a friend told me to try amazon . com I was very satisfied with the prices offfered and was especially grateful sbout the quick time it was delivered to me . I look forward to doing business with you in the near future.Thank you AmazonR . Monique Taylor
 Has all the basics I need for my studies . I 'm really enjoying learning one note .
 I have been happy with the product . I 'm a basic user and I did n't need all the features that come with the other versions .
 Exactly what I needed to update my system , easy to install . Quick , efficient service and delivery . Thank you !
 I have made several purchases in the last few weeks . All have been received quickly and in excellent shape . Microsoft Office was an excellent purchase . It was new and the price was almost $ 40.00 less than in stores . Thank you Amazon . Marice
 The price on Amazon for the Microsoft Office Home & Student 2007 was the best available . Great delivery , great price , great product .
 Office 2007 is good . It is pretty slick.But the real story is also the story of my life : After years of using an antique Office 2000 and then trying to make do with Sun OpenOffice -LRB- close , but no cigar , especially translating PowerPoint briefings -RRB- , I bit and bought not one but two copies of Office Home and Student 2007 because each was under $ 80 . Not a month later , after , as I said , years of procrastination , my Company announced they would be moving the entire enterprise to Office 2007 and that employees were eligible to purchase home-use copies for ... wait for it ... $ 20 . As Dr. Smith said so long ago , `` Oh , the pain ... ''
 Excellent product . I like particularly the help available from Microsoft which is 15 seconds tips , demos emails etc. . The product is very advanced specially if you have gotten used to the older version but I would recommend that you do try and slowly you would realize that it is very powerful .
 I almost bought this online from microsoft , until I decided to browse around . Even with 2 day shipping , I still saved $ 70 !
 Good product even though it is the older version . It offers all I need and more . It was easy to install and simple to use .
 I ordered this version of Windows Office because my friends have this version on their computers and I wanted to have my information compatible with theirs . It was easy to download and has really helped me in preparing my documents . Thanks , Amazon , for still having this older version in stock !
 Great price and great service !!!! Although I purchased this years ago I still love this item . It was reasonably price and I used it on at least 2 other computers besides mine .
 The 2007 version of Microsoft Office Home and Student is perfect for me . This version of Word is very user friendly . It was a change from the old version but it was easy enough to figure out . It does not have Outlook Express which I do not need , but some may and if so then this is not the product for them . It does , however , have OneNote , which I have not yet worked through . I do quite a bit of writing so once I figure out how to use OneNote , I am sure I will put it to good use . For someone who wants a smaller version of Microsoft Office without all the bells and whistles , this product is definitely worth the price .
 before i ever make a consumer purchase i always check out the price at amazon . 99 % of the time it pays off and it is worth the effort . the same goes for my purchase of MS Office . I have a new computer and could not locate my old disk and key code . arrived in perfect condition as promised and got it fired up right away !
 Bought it for my daily work.Trust Microsoft Office products with good reputation.Recommended for home and office and I still using it .
 Does what is supposed to . We put it on our computer and have had no problems since . I would have prefered the small business version but it is too expensive . We use the programs daily so it was a much needed purchase .
 Works great . MS did n't need to fix it and charge more . It does everything one needs . Do n't buy the later one . Buy his before it disappears
 Who likes to spend a lot of money on microsoft office products ? Nobody but you have to have it so I did it . NOt a lot of improvements over previous version , that 's the main complaint . I wish they 'd quit coming out with new versions - it works fine so leave it be !
 It 's been so long ago that I bought this , I do n't think I even have the laptop I bought this for .
 It is a good software , met expection as a customer . However , it is almost obselete now due to new versions of it .
 I have been using office 2007 for several years and truly love it . Not being a computer geek I have find it user friendly .
 I blew my computer out and did n't find the CD . I ordered this CD to replace the one I could n't find . It works perfectly . Thank you
 I am enjoying using the Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 software . I am very familiar with Word and Excel . I use it at work and at church . This software is really meeting my needs for home and church work .
 We enjoy this program.Helps with our everyday lives . My wife uses this to help organize her business . Thank you again .
 Could not find this product in stores anymore since it was a 2007 version . Extremely glad it was available and came so quickly when I needed it .
 This was a good transition for me . The difference in price made this the right choice for me as I just wanted it for home use .
 this is a great text book . i have enjoyed all aspects of this class and the book helped a lot
 I had been putting off upgrading to Office 2007 because of the horror stories I had heard and read about the learning curve needed . I am no youngster , nor am I a computer whiz , but I found the change over from Office 2003 to the new version to be very easy . Yes , some of the things are in different places , but once you learn their location you are fine . The only problem I ran into was saving documents that could be opened with the older version . Once I learned how to save things in doc . format rather than docx . format , it was no different than the other version . If you are holding off making the upgrade because you are afraid of the changes , fear not . There is plenty of online help with any little problem you encounter , so jump on in ...
 This software is nice and easy to install . I recommend everyone who has a PC and Windows vista system to try it .
 This vendor gave an excellent price on Microsoft ` Office ' and I got it on time and in excellent condition . Highly recommenbd them .
 This version of MS Office , Home & Stident 2007 , was purchased for newly acquired PC at a price below those avail in local stores . Software loaded fine with no problems . Having used MS Word & Excel for nearly 20 yrs I found numerous improvements over the 2003 version I owned . Online training for Power Point is helping for that program .
 Thank you Amazon for an a great price on Microsoft software that I really needed ! I am finding it easier to use than anticipated .
 This was a great buy . Exactly as stated and shipped in a timely manner . Very pleased with my purchase .
 I received Office 2007 and had my questions answered quickly . I received more than I thought so I had a very positive experience.Maureen Shank
 I use this product in my work , but it takes some getting used to after using Word 2002 for many years . Lots of improvements .
 I 'm still getting use to all of the changes . I 'm not sure I appreciate the difference . Be sure if you share or send files , others have 2007 or they can not open the files -LRB- many do not -RRB- . Option is to save in an older version .
 This product seems to be a great improvement over previous editions . The ribbon allows all features to be in view as you are working on your file . It takes a while to get used to it , but it is easier to use once you do .
 I needed MSWORD to start my semester at Ashford University ONLINE . I did not have alot of money and when I emailed my son , Bill Gulbrandsen , he suggested I buy the software at Amazon.com SURE enough , it was a whole $ 50 . cheaper than at my OFFICE MAX ... so I am enrolled and you have a customer for LIFE.Thank you Amazon and Bill
 The Microsoft office Home and Student '07 came in a very cute and tiny package . Light-weight too . I did not have any problems with it when I opened it . It was like how I expected it.Downloading was fast and quick with my 4G RAM laptop . Easy to download.The program is fwine ! I love it and easy to use . I prefer the 2007 over the 2003 ! I can do so much with the 2007 . It has much more things to offer.In the Microsoft Word , I can change my default setting to Times New Romans and 12 point . . Or If I wanted MLA or APA format , I can just go to references . I can save it in Docx , doc , html , PDF or whatever it offers . It sorts out the tools and everything in categories , so I can easily find something such as inserting a chart from the `` insert '' tab , spelling check from the `` review '' tab , and etc. . You can do so much with the `` review '' tab . If I needed someone to correct my paper , I can have someone correct my paper on my computer instead of wasting trees . I just go to `` review '' tab and click on `` tracking '' . It 'll track down every little changes your editor changes for you . Then you can look them over and click `` accept '' if you want that change or not . There is so much more you can do with Microsoft Word 2007 . In Powerpoint 2007 , it 's about all the same things from 2003 . . I have n't play with that much , only once for my Freshman Seminar class . I like the 2007 more because there 's more variety and cool tricks you can put on to your powerpoint to make it look cool . My professor likes my powerpoint when i present it to the class . It just depends on how you use what you have . You can always YouTube on how to use Microsoft Powerpoint 2007 ! lolYeah , I enjoy the new 2007 ! You will too if you 're considering it.Fwine ! : D
 Product arrived new in box as description said . Works great and just what I needed.Thanks
 theis product was exactly what i thought it would be . It arrived when I expected it to . I had no problems at all .
 This is a great program - worth the money . My high school student uses it for homework a lot .
 Functions are much harder to find in this edition and some are n't even related to the tab they are in . For basic use , it is still a great product .
 I received my Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 from Amazon and had it up and running on my computer within 2 days of ordering the product . Uploading Microsoft Office Home was simple and fast . This is a fabulous software package with everything I need to do reports , spreadsheets , and presentations . I was able to use all of the tools in no time , and found the software to be pretty intuitive without any training needed . If you need help , the help tools within the applications are enough to guide you through .
 I am enjoying the many `` new to me '' features of this program.I am so much more pleased with MS Word than I am with Corel Word Perfect.Thanks , Amazon , for making this product affordable to me .
 I think the product is good , but the tutorial is pretty difficult to follow . I finally got it right after a few tries . Alot cheaper atAmazon than anywhere else I found !
 The most difficult thing about this product was getting the box open !! Otherwise , it is exactly what I expected and does exactly what I want it to do .
 I bought this to run WORD and Excel on my new HP Pavilion running VISTA , and it is a somewhat complicated version to learn , but very rich in formatting capabilities . If you have any intuition for software , it should not take long to figure out the menus in Word . They are actually quite logical . It is simply a different way of thinking than the old MS Word . THe Excel portion is brilliant . Being an extensive user of the previous version , this version took all the difficulty away from the old version .
 This software is basically essential if you are a college student and you will be very hard pressed to find it cheaper anywhere on the net other that used copies.You can download it for free at some hack site but then you have no idea what youre getting and have difficulties updating the software too.For 122 dollars you ca n't beat it ... plus you can put it on up to three computers
 The product came well-packaged and unopened . I really needed instructions on how to open the packaging . But once I got it opened and installed , the product works as well as promised . The set-up and ribbon menu is a lot more user-friendly than 2003 . I downloaded the trial version that Microsoft had offered , and I must say that this is the best Office product offered by Microsoft to date .
 There 's a big learning curve with MS 2007 . If you 're not a regular/daily user it 's difficult to use/learn .
 A great upgrade on the '97 and '03 versions I was using . Easier to navigate and better presentation tools . Have n't used One note yet . All my files were updated easily and it runs fine with 256 memory .
 Office Home and Student has great features . Love it!However , IF you are sending a Word document to someone else who uses a previous version of Word , they may not be able to open the document .
 This the perfect microsoft product out there for any student . It has everything that any student needs to be able to write a word doc . or do a prsentation and even if you need to do a spread sheet it has that too .
 office 2007 , bring your work home . Microsoft should use that as an ad . The product was brand new , in the original box , worked perfectly . All that and a good price too . I love America !
 I ordered Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 in spring after I bought a new computer and wanted updated Office products . It 's very different in appearance from the old Office , so I really needed time to relearn how to use Word , Excel , and Powerpoint . It 's lucky that I do n't work full time in summer so I had the time , but I 'm sure that 's not the case with most people . The tutorials are helpful , but I guess it will just take time . The other problem is remembering to save everything in compatible mode so I can share it with other people . It will be better once everyone starts adopting this upgrade . I am glad that I got it !
 This product is not as intuitive to use as the last version I had but I have n't come across anything that reading a topic in the help did n't correct . I actually think its easier on the eyes when working for any length of time .
 I bought the new Office because I had been using an ancient version that would not run reliably on my new Vista 64 bit computer . I was expecting some major changes , but the new layout is pretty hard to navigate . I had some brief issues with printing , but resolved that fairly easily . The organization of the menus is so different , even from more recent products , that it will take quite awhile to get comfortable with the new layout . It 's not all that user friendly . All in all it works well so far with Vista 64 . A little more playing around and hunting should make a lot of difference in it 's ease of use . Be prepared for the new layout , and be patient when first using .
 This is a must buy for a home program . I read quite a few reviews that talked about problems with compatability to older office programs . I have found NO problems . It opens , works with and saves to the older programs . The ONLY difference is that this is a greatly improved version . This was an excellent deal in price , quality and service from Amazon . I would highly recommend this program and buying it from Amazon .
 Microsoft office home and student was just what we needed , nothing extra fancy just something for home and school . It was cheaper on line through Amazon than anywhere in town and I saved the money for gas .
 I use Windows at work and so glad I finally bought it for home . Parents and children will get a lot of use out of it .
 The best things I experienced about this product were the fast and FREE shipping , low price , and the fact that it arrived as advertised . I 've installed the software on all three of my home computers with no problems .
 Easy to install and no problems with any part of this product . Excel , Word and Power Point all work just fine .
 Good
 Bought this Microsoft Office 2007 little over 2 years ago for about $ 99 . Great buy great product.Does 99 % of what the 2010 Office does . Probably do n't need to upgrade till 2015 .
 Has too many new features in Excel in the toolbar that are different from the 2003 version and need to get used to it .
 Works like a charm . Used the 2003 version , slightly different presentation but otherwise similar . No problem with it thus far .
 I am so impressed with Amazon.com 's money-saving products . This is one I was thrilled to locate and order ! It was delivered in pristine condition and easy to install .
 We love this version of Office because it allows the two of us in our family to use it with our new computers -- running Vista . Word verision is compatible with all other programs , lots of help screens , many aids to writing , revising . The Excel portion is easy to use and provides lots of assistance on templates , formulae , etc.Much more complete coverage than earlier versions of Word and Excel .
 I received the product in ample time as it was as described . I would buy again from this seller as well as recommend them to others .
 Office 2007 has a new look that takes getting used to . On balance , I like the extended menus and their easier access to many formatting commands . These menus sit on a fat ribbon which can be turned off . Once you find where they have hidden the commands -LRB- click Office logo , Word Options -RRB- all goes well.However , with the new wide-format laptop screens , vertical space is at a premium - so why do all the Office toolbars and menus have to sit at the top ? It would be nice to unlock them and be able to drag them to one side - but so far as I can see , that is not possible.One plus which I believe I saw in the user agreement - you are allowed to install this both on a laptop and a desktop system , so long as they have the same owner . Finally , a license provision that 's for the benefit of the customer and not just the seller ! Of course , the rest of the EULA is the usual restrictive stuff .
 I bought this item from Amazon.com because it was the cheapest way to upgrade my new Vista-based laptop , which included a trial version of Office Home and Student edition . Well , the product key that came in the Microsoft packaging was invalid . I tried numerous different attempts , as the Microsoft help web sites advised , to key in the product key . I even tried to uninstall the pre-installed trial version of Office , then install from the included CD to no avail . Finally , a call to the noticeably off-shore-based Microsoft help center eventually led me to get another product key over the phone . After that beginning all went better.So far , luckily , the old function key sequences for short cuts still work . Otherwise , I would be lost in the new menu interfaces in each of these products . I do n't like the fact that the basic toolbars such as font attributes which used to be always visible are now only visible when the correct tab has been selected .
 Visually beautiful and flows well with the look of Vista . If you are accustomed to an older version get ready to think about where to find things or use the help menu , it takes getting use to . Make sure to change the save as setting to save items in an early word format or no one else will be able to open your document unless they 've upgraded to 2007 .
 It was a wonderful change to office and makes for a wonderful new interface , yet figuring the whole thing out is still convoluted . I have struggled with the outline feature for years and still find it difficult to use compared to open office . There are a lot of great new features and easy to use if you can break away from the mindset that office has placed upon you over the years . It has a lot of power but it gets no more than a four due to lack of adequate help and ease of getting it going out of the box . I bought the home version because the price was great through Amazon and the ability for three installs , but as far as the best product out there it still comes up short . I believe that Microsoft has finally taken a step in the right direction but they will have a great product when it is easy to use and learn and the help system in recent years is not .
 This product allowed me to continue running my older programs and software on my new MacBook Pro . Works like a champ .
 Office 2007 was purchased used , but in new condition . It installed as new with the proper codes . The menus in Windows Office 2007 are all new and some of the familiar ways of doing things all together different . Otherwise it 's a great product and I 'm sure that some use will bring back familiarity .
 The product was what I expected . I had used the free trial that came with my new computer . I liked it so I ordered this product from Amazon because it was approximately $ 50 cheaper than the one offered to me after the free trial expired .
 This item is exactly what I expected , which is MS Office Home with Word , Excel , and Power Point . The price listed here was less than I 'd normally pay , and the seller got the product to me in less time than expected.If you 're looking for MS Office Home , then this is certainly the product for you .
 This item came less than a week than the date that it was ordered & excellent condition !
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 does exactly what it 's supposed to do . I recommend it .
 I had to buy this software because I ignored the cheaper upgrade options from Microsoft when I activated a trial . What can I say ? It 's just Microsoft software and if you do a free trial with a new computer , do n't ignore the offers you 'll get almost immediately to convert your trial .
 Microsoft office home and student was purchased for necessity . My daughter needed it for school and I needed Excell for my business . So we were elated to get it and the fact it works beautifully . It was a great affordable price . My only negative comment would be that for some odd reason I ca n't access the tutorials . I actually had to search for one online for free to get an understanding of how it works . It also did n't come with a book , which could have been helpful . But all in all We are pleased and enjoy the product .
 I recently completed a 3-month trial of MS Office 2007 products . When it was time to make a purchase , I did not want to buy the most expensive version because it contained more than I needed . I saw where the Home/Student version would serve my needs and was considerably cheaper . I lucked up and was able to purchase it for $ 100 less through another supplier so I really struck gold - a great product at an even greater price ! That 's what I call a great buy !
 MS Office Home and Student 2007 is easy to use and does n't take too much to figure out .
 I purchased the Mictosoft Office 2007 -LRB- Student -RRB- for an on-line degree course . I have found it easy to use and since the university is using the same software I can easily open the documents and power points they provide to me . I know some of my classmates have had trouble submitting documents that the school can open , I have n't had any problems in this area . After reading previous reviews , I was concerned about using the tool bar but the icons are easy to find and use . I would recommend this software to any student .
 Office Home and Student 2007 WIN32 English Us/canada Only CD Retail Tech SkuVery easy to use ... would buy it again ...
 Exactly what I wanted . ARrived promptly and in excellent condition ! Thank you ! A + + + + + + + +
 Reasonably priced and provides full capability for Office , Powerpoint , and Excel . Loaded easily and works great . Recommend this over doing the trail additions available at many sites that will only let you view documents but not modify and save . This is a good approach to get Office on your computer for a low price . Only draw back was the single license so I think it can only be loaded on one computer but have not tried . Some other products have 3 user capability for a little more money if needed . The new office is real good but definitely different . Tutorials on the software are helpful in getting started . There is a simple capability to save in prior Office formats to be compatible .
 this product is userfriendly and easy to install . i would recommend this to anyone who needed something like this .
 I like Microsoft Word 2007It meets my creative needs and graphic design needs.One thing I really liked was being able to generate a type size larger than 72 points !
 I am a more or less light user of MS Office
 My 8th grader needed PowerPoint for school , and I was quite pleased to see that Microsoft offered an affordable version . It was nice receiving other software in that bundle as well . Money well spent .
 Hi , I was thinking of using Open Office because it is free ; however , all the add-ins I use in Excel are not compatible with Open Office . This is the main reason I bought Office 2007 basic . This version has just what I need
 Program works great and at a great price also ! Delivery was right on time , in fact it was early .
 I have used Word and Excel for years . Always thought these were superior products . Office for Home and Student 2007 are great for the home user and at the right price . All the products demonstrate the next step in improving user interface . However , I have never used OneNote before until this purchase . Now I ca n't get along without it . Great for keeping track of somewhat disorganized information -LRB- except for a category to put them in -RRB- . And you can secure each category separately .
 Great product . Does everything it 's supposed to do . If I had to do it over , I would have spent the extra money and gotten the version with Outlook which is a terrific e-mail program .
 Just the right product I was looking for my daugther 's laptop . The service provided by Amazon was much better than other similar places.Thank you Amazon .
 It 's a wonderful package done by Microsoft . It 's got all it takes to do all you want to do with words , excel , all kinds of documentation .
 I was really happy to get this product at such a reasonable price . I paid about 60 % less for the same product from Amazon than what was already on my HP computer as a 90 day free trial . After the free trial , Amazon was the answer . I am completely satisfied and would recommend everyone to get theirs from Amazon .
 This is a good product to get started with for MS Office . I wish they would take away Notes and add Outlook .
 Great deal , great product . I do wish it still had Outlook . I did n't use it for email , but I did use it for my address book and mail merge . I have n't found a good alternative .
 this was exactly what we wanted and it was priced very reasonably . it also came ahead of schedule - thank you Amazon.com .
 i like this product nothing really special about it except the price was right for me to purchase it
 A big fan of the new 2007 so far . Still early ... It takes getting used to the new layout but worth it . One note is great for brainstorming ideas , getting what 's in your head on a page and organizing it later . Would recommend Office 2007 based on my experiences thus far .
 I am a student and I needed Office to write papers and do assignments for my classes . It is so easy to use and I am so glad that I bought it . It is such an upgrade from Office 2003 with many more features and the look is much better , which makes it better to use .
 I love this product ! Microsoft Office is my number one office tool that I use .
 I use it at work too . It 's nice to have the real thing.Open Office works ok too , but the real thing is nice.It 's worth the student / home price , but I could n'tjustify the several hundred dollar full price .
 Works as promised , just had to add security code on program already installed . I have the disk and license rights to install on 2 other computers
 The Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 is a really good product . There are a lot of some really neat features that I really like about it . Also , a lot to learn as well . But ; Hay , I guess that comes alone with any new software does n't it . Try it and I 'm sure you 'll like it . I do n't think that you will go wrong.Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007
 Product was shipped in a timely manner , product works fine . price was better than most at the time , have since seen it advertised for cheaper . Amazon is great , they stand by what they sell . Ed N.
 Software package is as advertised . It does the work as described . Installation was easily accomplished , particuarly with the netbook . I have not experienced any problems . I recommend the product .
 This product was easy to install and I am now enjoying the benefits of Office 2007 . Would definately recommend !!!
 What can you say ? It 's a brand new look so there 's an adjustment process - either that or buy a workaround solution that changes the look back to the Office XP / 2003 style . I do n't plan on spending $ 40 more just to step backwards . But I resent the fact that you ca n't customize this `` new look '' very much . The `` ribbon '' menu system takes up so much screen real estate that it 's obnoxious - it really dominates the page.All of that was my first impression . Once I started working with it - mostly Word and Excel so far - I started to adapt to the new look . Having a large monitor helps . If I could change the size of the ribbon , squeeze it down to about half its height , I would 've given this product 5 stars . As it is I 'm nearly used to it , and I 've only had it for a few days.Otherwise the programs start up very quickly , they have a clean look and they respond instantly to everything I 've thrown at it . So far Word and Excel have `` read my mind '' pretty well and have offered the right pop ups when appropriate . It 's a nice touch how they fade into view instead of barging onto your screen at full opacity . For example , in Word , highlight some text and if you nudge the cursor a bit you 'll see the drawing menu fade in just above where you highlighted . It does n't pop up automatically , which is good , you have to nudge the cursor . It 's there if you need it - though it means you have to use your mouse to nudge the cursor . But you had to do that anyway in 2003 . There are a lot of examples like that - useful menus appearing on screen , but staying out of the way until you `` tell '' Word you 're looking to change something.One thing you should know . On the package it says the following : `` Licensed for 3 PCs
 I did n't really want to pay for `` MS Word , '' but I needed it for online college classes I 'm taking . I did n't need the other programs in the package , but maybe I 'll find a use for them some day . I got a great price from Amazon , about half of Microsoft 's price . It still seems like a lot of money for an activation code
 I purchased this software to use on my Acer Netbook . It is just perfect for what I need for a small , highly portable laptop . I especially like that instead of forcing me to pay for Outlook , -LRB- a program I do n't use -RRB- it has the Notetaking software as a substitute.This no-frills package has just about all the software a student from elementary school through college , or even a teacher could use since it includes a word processing program , a spreadsheet program and with Powerpoint , a program to use for multi-media presentations at a very affordable price.You can also take it to class , seminars , or to committee meetings and easily take and organize notes in an orderly fashion .
 nice product kinda hard to learn at first but once you get the hang of it you can do anything !
 I , like most people , resist changing programs . I do n't want to have to spend the time to learn how to do things differently . I groaned when our new computer came with a free trial of 2007 , but my daughter told me I 'd like it . I do . I am on Amazon to buy it . I love having more options by right clicking . I found it easy to figure out , and I do n't want to go back .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 Word , appears to be confusing initially , especially for the experienced user like myself who is expecting to find the toolbar and tabs in the usual place as Word 2003 . The new ribbon helps you to quickly find commands that are used to complete a task . Some tabs are shown only when needed , which helps to prevent clutter . The tabs are related to specific activity , for example , when you click on the page layout tab , everything you want to do on the page is shown ; margins , indent , spacing etc. . Initially I wished I had kept my Word 2003 , however , the more I work with Word 2007 , I began to like it . With patience you will find your most used tools and be pleased with your new purchase . I find the case for the software too clunky , although the case has nothing to do with the use of the software . if you do n't mind change , and you do n't mind spending some extra time learning the new interface of the program , it 's worth it .
 I 'm a computer tech with a general disdain for Microsoft , although because I 'm heavily invested in windows compatible software , my OS of choice is Windows XP . I bought this product on the recommendation of a friend and then only because the price was reasonable.I have to say Microsoft hit a home-run with this release . It 's full-featured , easy on the eyes , and loaded with readily accessible templates . True , if you 're used to older versions of Office , the orientation is different , but not displeasing.Maybe this is the beginning of a kinder , gentler Microsoft ?
 It seems as if someone with too much time on their hands designed the packaging for this product . It appears that the intention is for it to look like a book with the product held on a hinged inner package . However , getting through the seal and figuring out how to get to the CD was an exercise in frustration . The CD could be damaged or the user could be injured while trying to extract the CD . Opening instructions should be included with this product !
 i was very happy when i found this site , and i had been looking for the office 2007 and i had a good deal here . This site is where i usually buy stuff and its good . My items always arrive in good shape and are in best conditions .
 Needed it for work and now that I have it on my laptop I use it all the time .
 I needed to upgrade my computer and found value by ordering through Amazon instead of Microsoft . I received the product within 2 days . Excellent service !
 A great way to create stationary , announcements and use creative impulses.I had so much fun creating my own stationary from clip art .
 I am still learning as I use it . . Very different from the older versions of MS so takes a little getting used to .
 ... FOR A LONG TIME I NEEDED THE ... MICROSOFT OFFICE HOME AND STUDENT 2007 ... FOR MY PERSONAL USE ... BUT DUE TO ITS STORES PRICES I JUST WAITED FOR THE CORRECT TIME ... AND IT CAME IN ... AMAZON.COM ... EXCELLENT PRICE ... AND SERVICE ...
 As with everything MS , and everything else , really , one has to learn the issue thoroughly before he commits himself to strident criticism , as some did here . First of all , it 's inconceivable that Microsoft will put such obstacles in front of its potential purchasers , so there has to be an explanation or something for the problems that some encountered here . Second , even if there were such , one has to make the basic effort to understand how to use it . From experience , many do n't do so and then cry a river , especially the computer non-savvy people . Being a novice does n't give one the right to throw mud and to smear indiscriminately . So I took a look at it and it looks to me as a fairly simple and basic thing to use - For the record , I wrote , formatted and published a book , poems and short stories with Word 2002 , so I have a little understanding of ` word processing ' , shall we say . The functions in MS Word 2007 are in different places than they used to be in the older versions , but there they are all right . Absolutely ! It 's a wonderful product , and no , I do n't get any commissions from Gates , it just irks me to see such blind discreditation and misinformation from people who do n't have a clue , really , about what they talk , the same way they , many of them , do n't have a clue of how to use ANY computer and/or computer related products and software . So , buy it with confidence , but try to buy a used product , you 'll save a substantial number of bucks . When you do so , make sure that the product has still the warranty on it and is still in the original box . By the way , the product has some problems with printers of the ` HP psc 750 ' series . Inquire into it and take the appropriate steps to counter it . Another useful info I can give you all , is of a little freeware , `` Keyfinder '' , which finds and displays the key numbers , or license numbers of the various Microsoft programs installed in your computer , including Windows . This can be very useful .
 I got exactly what I wanted and the company I purchased this from had it to me within 3 days without me asking . I was expecting 14 days .
 The activation code was emailed to me at the same day when i purchased this produce . It works .
 I use a this same product at work and wanted to keep up with current features at home . It works fine . The package arrived way ahead of the expected ETA.However , I thought I purchased a new software package . When it arrived the package was open ! The seal was broken.If I wanted used software , I could have purchased used software . In the world of softeware licensing , I do not know if the seller loaded this package on their computer or how many other computer this license agreement/key code has been used . Certainly the seller is just trying to recover some or all of their original purchase price .
 Seems to be a good program , not as user friendly as it should be . To many things that you struggle to find . But an ok product . Hope they made Office 2010 more user friendly .
 Choose MicroSLOP Office 2007 because it is licensed to be installed on 3 machines . So my wife and I can have Office 2007 running on each of our computers . on this license . Big money saver , because apparently Office 2010 is a single installation license . Thanks Bill ...
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 is an excellant resource for students of all ages and schools . It has features that Windows 3 can not compare with . Once you familiarize yourself with its features , you will not want to go back to Windows 3 ! Take your time to learn all it can do . Your papers will look fantastic and your professors will be amazed ! Have fun !
 I took a class at Maui Community College that used Office 2007 so I wanted to put into practice what I learned at home . Office 2007 has now been replaced with the 2010 version and I could not find a copy anywhere , so I knew I could count on Amazon to have one and they did ! Thank you for the easy process and quick shipping .
 I was a little scared to order software online but this worked great and came on time . Thanks !
 I am a college student and the 2007 versions is doing great for me . I thought about getting this year 's version , but for cost and my preferences I stayed with this one . Very easy to work with and all that .
 The Microsoft Office that I was using was 97 . I bought a new computer , so I wanted to upgrade to Office 2007 . I can not live without Word and Excel . It was about a week before Office 2010 came out , but then I saw a special deal to get 2010 free . I think it runs through September . Amazon was offering 2007 for $ 99.99 -LRB- $ 50 cheaper than anywhere else -RRB- and just by registering my product by September , I could download the new Office 2010 . I 'm so glad I went this route . I saved money and I love both Office 2007 and 2010 . It is well worth your hard earned money to buy Office 2007 with the free upgrade !
 Amazon is very dependable . My product arrived in 2 days , and there are 3 downloads available for the software . the price is one of the better ones out there and you know you are getting a legal copy . I turn to Amazon often when I want qualiity at a good price .
 I have this as a needed item for academic writing , aso it has a great power point package with newer features .
 I 'd been using Office 2007 since I bought my new desktop three years ago , but I needed to buy another copy to put on my laptop . I thought I knew everything about the product , but little did I know that I would struggle with the packaging ! And then be unable to find the registration key ! And the CD did n't install properly in my laptop ! Fortunately , the laptop already had a trial version of Office installed -- I just had to enter the key . And finally it worked , and it worked well . I like this version of Office a lot better than the old version -LRB- of which I was never a fan -RRB- , but it did require a learning curve , and there are still things I have to search for occasionally . Overall , I 'm happy with the product , and am interested to see what the 2010 version brings.And I 'm not really a kid , but I did n't want to put my full name up , and Amazon does n't give the option to remove it .
 This was a gift for someone . I own it myself and think it is great
 Great product as always from Microsoft . I love that I can put it on 3 computers ! Thanks Microsoft .
 Arrived in good shape and in a timely manner . Installed with no problems . Have used the free upgrade to Office 2010 via download . All is well !
 My students use Office 2007 so buying this package was a necessity.Installation on three computers was a strong selling point and the `` free '' 2010 upgrade closed the deal .
 It is good for 3 computers but if you are upgrading from 2003 product which I had , it does n't keep your outlook and this product does not include outlook . When I installed it on Vista w/o a previous product being on there it worked fine .
 I have found that this program is greatly improved over previous Microsoft Office programs . Took me a while to learn my way around the screen , but once I learned it seems as easy as the early versions . I would recommend it to any one new or exeperenced .
 Upgrading to office 2007 was the best thing I could 've done . I use excel and powerpoint a lot for my job . The new features on powerpoint have allowed me to creat better training programs for my clients . Definitly worth upgrading to !
 I have been very happy with this product . I have needed it for a while because the whole University has switched over . I really like OneNote for notes in class . Overall I am very pleased .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007I consider myself , as being knowledgeable about MS Office 2000 and this is my first upgrade to a current version . There are a lot of improvements made since 2000 . The new menus can do more functions giving more to do with any project you may need to do . It may not have all the software I had with the 2000 version like FrontPage , Access , and Outlook , but allot of this software is in this version of Microsoft Office . The Getting Started tab offered in each program has help and Tutorials to help teach you how to use everything . I consider this a great investment for anyone ; consider this version carefully before going to the more expensive versions to make sure they have something more that you really need . -LRB- I used Grammar and Spell Check to edit this review . -RRB-
 Has everything you need for Home office . It even includes and internal print to file program , which , when you are not near a printer and you want to print your receipts , select print , and it automatically shows up in your available printers . You can print anything to file easily find it later without an in depth search . You can make as many folders as you like with the program and totally personalize it for your needs.Would recommend for all who have home offices and for students . It is a great product.Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007
 The home and student release does a majority of the critical characteristics one needs in word processing , spreadsheets and presentations . The differernce in price is only important if you are a power user , if not this is the best deal for MS Office products
 bought my mom a laptop for christmas suffice it to say her laptop came after christmas -LRB- i ordered it from dell -RRB- but microsoft office came to my house 2 days after i ordered it on amazon . lowest price i 've seen . dell wanted 150 for it , and it was only 80 on here . overrall everything worked out great .
 I shopped around and found amazon with the best priceMicrosoft price were twice the price of amazon
 Unlike most of the users here , I am really not familiar with Office 2003 , or any version prior to that . I used WordPerfect until a few years ago , when I switched to OpenOffice.OpenOffice had the advantage of being free and powerful . I really enjoyed its interface and especially its integrated ability to convert files to . pdf format . I enjoyed it until I had to format my Master 's thesis last year.Formatting that thesis was a nightmare I 'll never forget . I had moved from WordPerfect 's simple ability to reveal its codes and tweak whatever I wanted to some kind of monstrosity . It seems like every minor thing I wanted to change required some kind of complicated knowledge . I came to know OpenOffice inside and out , and wonder why I could n't do my formatting by clicking on a stupid button . How I missed WordPerfect!I did a lot of research on WordPerfect vs. the Microsoft Office 2007 , and finally decided to settle on the format -LRB- MS Office -RRB- that most of my colleagues use . I was really hesitant because of the high number of negative reviews here , but I ultimately concluded that most of them were angry at changes between 2003 and 2007 and those really would n't affect me , as I never used 2003 except to open files created by others.I could n't be happier . All those formatting changes that haunted me on my thesis are available at the simple touch of a button . The `` ribbon '' is intuitive and things are really easy to figure out with a little trial and error . Those I have n't found within the first thirty second are easily found at office.live.com . And the ability to save as a . pdf file ? It 's a free add-on from Microsoft.In short , I recommend it . It 's simple . Now I can actually spend my time focusing on creating quality documents instead of trying to figure out how to make it do what I want .
 I received this product and installed it . I am used to the old Microsoft Word , this take a lot of getting used to , but has more options then I am used to , but the more I use it the better I like it .
 Glad to have my Microsoft Ofice again . Installed very easily . Has changed quite a bit from Office 2000 , but getting used to it .
 I bought this because I bought a new laptop since I started going back to school . The laptop came with the 30 day trial , I liked it much better then the 2003 version I had been using so I decided to upgrade to the full package . Buying it through Amazon I saved a lot of money almost 50 % less on here then in the big retail chain .
 This product was necessary for me to have and this was the best price found compared to what I saw at several stores .
 MS Office 07 is terrific if one is willling to put in the time to learn how it works.CD arrived on time and in excellent condition .
 As a college student , I find it a real shame that assignments can almost without exception be accepted in Microsoft Word format ... However , I got a great deal -LRB- under $ 70 -RRB- , so thank you Amazon !! I think that the products nice , I definitely get a lot of use out of it.Wish I could put it on more computers though !
 works great and fast installation , and the 2010 upgrade for free is a great bonus - lets hope it works when it is time !
 Seller gave the product key rather than the cd ! I thought that I was geting the product in the box maybe I misunderstood . However , once I downloaded the product it turned out alright ! To this day I am enjoying it while I 'm taking classes online ! Thank you seller , item shipped quickly !
 Could n't find a price that was lower than yours . Thank you . Received this quicker than promised . Very happy customer .
 I love the microsoft 2007 version . I recieved it in a very short time so there was no long waiting period , all new packaging and excellent price .
 This product is good . Easy to setup on your computer & easy to use it .
 Quite a few changes from Office 2003 , so a bit of a learning curve . Definitely easier to switch to than Open Office .
 I could n't understand why the microsoft program would not give me access , but I realized my trial period had ended . So after learning this is what is needed for the program to work , I ordered it and I 'm not computer savvy and I was able to follow the instructions with no problems .
 I am liking the Office Home and Student . I wish however that it was n't so different from the last Office home . It is not impossible , but it takes a while to figure out things I used to do with ease . Now I waste a little time trying to do the simplest things . Unfortunately , Microsoft could not say when the new Office will come out , so I got this now . I just hope they give us a huge discount when the new 2010 release comes out .
 This is a great product . Good price through amozon.com . I have been happy with the prices and every product I have ordered from this sight :-RRB- Nothing has been able to beat them and I am an on line shopper that would know . I reserch everything I buy . All the products I 've ordered from Amozon has been shiped and recieved with in 3 to 4 days and most of the time it has been free or very little shipping cost . I think every one should give this sight a try . Me and my family LOVE it !!
 I was pleased to find that there was easy installation and three licenses to serve my desktop and two laptops . So far so good , it is n't as difficult to learn to use the software as anticipated .
 I was unsure about purchasing this product . It is often difficult to get used to new formatting , etc. . But this product is quite easy to navigate around and I love all the tools at the top of the page , rather than going through all the drop-down lists . I am having fun learning all the great features .
 Shipped faster than promised , GREAT PRICE , just what I needed for school . I highly recommend this product . ` nuff said .
 I am a student in college and this program was recommended by the course and the college and by the new computer I had to get for college and the 60 day free trial was n't going to be long enough . Amazon.com was the cheapest and quickest way I could get it . Thank you Amazon .
 Only a dummy would buy microsoft office at full price and I almost did a dumb thing until I did some shopping online and came across Amazon.com . I found the microsoft office software that I desperately needed for work and paid a fraction of what the local office store was charging for it . It was brand new , came in a swanky hi tech case and I downloaded it to my computer in minutes . I paid a little over $ 80 for a legit software program retailing in the hundreds of dollars elsewhere . Shop amazon . I know I will from now on . I know it sounds corny and commercialized but hey , that 's what happens when you save $ 300 .
 I am a current college student and I do n't think I would have survived without this softwear
 The package was a horror to open . No clues on what to do . I had to break open the package . The installation instuctions were minimal at best . I like the product once installed , but trying to get help to get started was non-existent . I had no one to call ; could n't even contact microsoft . No phone numbers on the package . Was not happy at all !!!
 The product was brand new at a great price . Quick shipping . Would buy from this seller any time .
 needed this for my daughter 's computer for college . Some people love Microsoft some do n't . Bottom line is amazon had best price and good turn around time on delivery .
 The product is good , however , the packaging was very difficult to open . There needs to be some sort of guidance on the labeling .
 I was glad to upgrade from the old word program to the new 2007 . It is a great program . I like the flexibility of this program .
 Thought it came with my new laptop but no so I got it from Amazon and saved !!!
 Good price & delivery on an excellent product ! Would buy again , in a heartbeat , from this source .
 I received exactly what I had purchased and was quite satisfied with price and time of delivery .
 i was very happy product price of product and delevery time thank you very much
 I 've read a lot of reviews on Microsoft Office and people seem to find it hard to navigate the various programs . I have n't found it to be too bad . I am familiar with the older programs such as Word , Works , etc. so that may be why I have n't had too much trouble .
 So far , I have n't had any problems with my purchase , it arrived on time and the product case was in perfect condition . This was my first purchase with Amazon , and it was worth every penny . Look forward to using them again !
 Pros , It 's better then VISTA with some very nice additionsCons , No outlook for your e-mail . You need to purchase it sepertaly or purchase an upgraded version of Office 2007 . I did n't like the e-mail live , give me outlook any day .
 I had it before my last computer crashed . I enjoyed working with it . It gave me many different ways to do things .
 Ad delivers what it promises . Some people might miss outlook which is n't included in this packet . Overall a great product .
 We are coming out of the dinosaur age as far as `` computering '' goes . My son learned of a Microsoft Home special and told us . I got online and ordered it -LRB- very easy -RRB- and we received it within days . Entirely satisfied with everything Amazon . Thanks .
 I got what I expected and when I got it , it was a real treat . Much better thanwhat I had been using . Thanks , Amazon !
 I priced this product at Walmart & Best Buy and got the best deal on Amazon , exactly the same product . I am very satisfied !
 This was a great deal for the price . It can be installed on 3 computers . While everyone else wants $ 89.00 up to $ 149.00 , Amazon.com had the best price and availability .
 The seller sent out the product immediately , the day after I ordered it actually . That was great ! I received it in a couple days . He inadvertently sent me the recovery disc from his laptop . I sent it back and as a courtesy , he refunded me $ 10 off of my purchase price ! He did n't have to do that , I was happy to return what was n't mine but it was greatly appreciated ! This was THE best experience I had . The product was great too . In new condition and very versitile !
 First ; It is Microsoft so you know it will workSecond ; The price through Amazon was $ 20 less than the lowest price anywhere else.Third ; I can now access certain files that I receive that I otherwise could not open before . ie . pps , wpsI only wish that it came with Outlook . Otherwise I am fully satisfied.Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007
 This is a great product for students . It does not have too much on it that wo n't get used and it has enough where all projects can be completed . I have been very pleased with it .
 Just what you would expect with Office , comes with licenses to put it on up to 3 computers . Just a much better price than you would get elsewhere .
 The product is the best , I can use it for many things , and it came so quick !
 I like this product it is comparable to what I use at work and -LRB- I think -RRB- I 'll be able to use them interchangebly . I 've not used it much at this time so my opinion is somewhat limited .
 This was a great buy . Amazons price was only $ 80 . Usually Over $ 129 . Arrived super quick . Awesome . No complaints .
 The changes made to Word 2007 makes it difficult to manage the application and the help feature is not very helpful . Specifically , the Autotext feature is now in my opinion useless . In the previous version I could add a word to the Autotext file and it would insert itself as I typed . Now , I have to stop my flow of thought and manually select the word from the Autotext file . Very fraustrating !!
 we feel we got a great deal on this item , we looked at several sites and stores . the price was right and the delievery was quick . would use amazon . com again.Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007
 I shopped around for this product and could not find a better price , $ 60 less than in the store . Fast service and secure shipping !
 I love having Microsoft Office for Home ! The 2007 features are taking some getting used to especially finding certain menus but other than that I am having a ball with it !
 I am one of those teachers who must have a real copy of Office in order to do lesson plans at home . Since my teacher workstation at school has recently gone to Office 2007 , I needed to do the same at home . This was the best price I could find anywhere . Arrived in great time with free shipping . No damage .
 I am very pleased with my purchase of microsofts home and office . Will come in handy for my son for his school work and my small business .
 I have no complaints about this newer version of office 2007 other than the fact that I have begun to hear rumbles of a 2010 version coming out next year and probably should n't have jumped the gun so quickly on 2007 .
 I was worried that since I paid half the normal price there would be something wrong but it 's worked perfectly and I 'm very satisfied .
 got it quickly installed it in the computer and it works great ! Thanks i will recommend you all !
 I find the above mentioned product very helpful in helping me get stuff out to my collegues . It is a very friendly product . I rarely find places that I do n't know what is going on .
 I needed this product for school and could not believe how much the `` normal '' version cost ... this is just what I needed and the price was unbeatable . It has everything I need for school and personal use as well .
 Great delivery and packaging.But you would think for Students MS would have included Power Point.The new scroll down menu system is hard getting use to from my earlier version.Cannot use fax within Word or Excel because it does not recognize 4 in 1 wireless printers . Have to print out and then scan to fax , making a lot of extra steps .
 Product arrived as promised . Quickly and worked well.Great prices ! Thanks , I 'll look you up if I need more an pass your name along.Andy
 Since I am not so computer savvy , I did not realize that the product would be so different from regular 2003 version . I wish a manual was present sot that I could easily get answers to navigating my way through the program . I 'm sure that I will learn it in due time . I am having a few problems figuring some things out . I would purchase this again .
 My biggest beef with this program is it only allows three installations . I purchased this program and installed it on a new computer which turned out to be faulty and returned it for another . During that week I lost one installation through no fault off mine .
 Great product . I purchased this software for my son 's laptop to be used while attending college . Even though the college he attends primiarily uses Mac products , he found this very easy to use and it meets all his student needs . He was already comfortable with this Microsoft product since I have the professional office version installed on my business laptop and primary home pc .
 Lots of new features.Learning curve is not too steep.Very useful .
 I recently purchased the Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 . It was easy to install and is easy to use .
 I needed this for an online class , and boy it saved me . It was so simple to use and made completing assignments as easy as 123 . . Highly recommend this product for home and school use .
 Office 2007 is a huge upgrade from the 2003 version . The new format does take a while to get used to , but the new `` ribbons '' are basically just toolbars like the older versions . Once you 're familiar with everything you 'll find it is a very quick and easy way to get things accomplished . Would definately reccommend this product !
 When I bought the product , I just needed Word and Excel for doing projects , creating files , etc. . The new format was kind of hard to grasp at first , but eventually I learned how to use and it 's not too bad now . The Powerpoint program I use sparingly , but the OneNote program is a very useful tool . I started playing around with it and eventually it became one of my most used programs . Word processing and note taking is a piece of cake with OneNote . I think that this bundle of products is great for casual users and recommend it to students as well .
 They have changed the menu structure . I only purchased because I needed another license for Office . The previous version could access a scanner on it 's own , this version will not talk to scanners and MS considers this a feature?Eventually I 'll figure out where everything is , in the meantime I get to play hunt the feature and of course the Help function wants to talk to the internet every time you open it .
 I admit it . I did n't initially buy this product because I wanted to ... I did it because I had to . Before acquiring MS Office Home & Student 2007 I was quite happy using Word 97 . Unfortunately obsolescence had gotten to the point of where it was absolutely essential that I upgrade ; too many important attachments coming in written in 2003 and the new 2007 formats that could n't be open or read . So when I got an opening in my schedule I ordered this and took my software to the next level.Though there is a bit of a learning curve in adapting to the new software , I could n't be happier with the new Word and Power Point programs , and the '07 Excel is proving to be quite the improved workhorse too , -LRB- especially the easy to use graphics and tables -RRB- . Overall everything has been put together to be just that much more user-friendly and intuitively organized . There 's little I ca n't figure out how to do in just a minute or two or trial and error , and as a novice in computers that 's a big plus on my scorecard . But one of the best features for me was the option to save Word documents as an '97 file so I can send them as attachments without imposing on others the pain I felt trying to deal with those sent to me things saved as '03 and '07 files , should the receiver not have the new software themselves.Oh , and `` no '' , there was no problem with the new software instantly and automatically converting the old Word '97 files into Word '07 files . A few reviewers mentioned troubles there , but I encountered no such problem .
 I was a little hesitant about buying this latest version of Office , but have been very pleased with the changes . Easier to navigate , more intuitive than the prior version .
 When shopping for a new computer I found that I could n't move my old version of Office because of the OEM license . After doing research , I found that I could purchase this package for less than the computer manufacturer was charging ... AND it is portable to a new computer if I change again before replacing the software .
 I have to admit that this is the BEST version of MS office so far . It may look very different and seem to be a little difficult to navigate initially , but as you start using it you will realize the amount of usability experience that has gone behind this new release . The new menu interface is absolutely fantastic . Whatever the MS critics say , MS is still the leader in usability . It is truly worth the price . If anyone is scratching his head thinking whether to buy this product or not , I would recommend `` just go for it '' .
 I compared everywhere and this was the best deal I found . It has the programs on it that I will actually use and not a bunch of stuff that I 'll never need .
 This is an awesome product that I would highly recommend , and do so , to any and all . It has everything in one convenient package - Word , Excel , Power Point , and One Note . It is easy to download , easy to use , and easy to find templates and how to 's online . I especially like the ease of Word and One Note . With One Note , if my printer is not working , that is ok - I can simply `` print '' to One Note , where I can easily file it and find it later to print out .
 Disliking Microsoft products as being geared the the lowest common denominator , the MS Office Suite was purchased only to gain access to those e-mails that have Word and Excel programs . Although , the Excel program is user friendly and adequate for more sophisticated users .
 I got a new computer and needed to get Microsoft Office Home and Student . I always like to get the best bang for my dollar . In looking around Amazon had the best price plus it was free shipping . I ordered it and was absolutely thrilled with the entire process from ordering to receiving it . And it was at least $ 75 cheaper than anywhere else I could go . If you are in need of just word , excel and powerpoint get this package and buy it from Amazon !!!!
 I shopped around for this product and this was the best place to get it . It came a day early and was in perfect condition AND I saved a bunch of money by shopping at Amazon .
 I have used excel for my work and the word portion for my personal useage with great ease .
 My husband and I recently purchased new laptop computers . After the free trial was over , we wanted to find the best buy on this product . We found it on Amazon . Thanks ! It 's great !!
 I 've used different versions of this product before , so I was n't totally unfamiliar with it . I like using Excel , especially in creating a guest list for an upcoming party . I use Word frequently when creating file folder labels at home . It 's very easy to do with the Avery Wizard.Overall , this product suits my at-home needs perfectly .
 Another great experience purchasing product from Amazon.com . Shipping was quick and product was as expected .
 I am very pleased with this product and service from this vendor . Shipping was prompt and the software arrived in excellent condition . It is so much cheaper than buying directly from Microsoft that I was very concerned that it would not function propertly . It appears to work just fine .
 Very pleased -- product was just what I wanted at just the price I wanted to pay . It arrived quickly -- no muss , no fuss !
 I got the newer version of MS Office 2007 basically for the newer version of OneNote . It is a very good product , but it still needs improvement
 The new version of Microsoft Office took a little bit of time to grow into . But once I understood the logistics it turns out to be easier to use than older versions , particularly Excel . The ribbon concept makes sense ... why look through drop down menus when the new version puts everything up front?Word does n't seem all that different from the older versions , but perhaps that 's because my needs do n't put a lot of demands on the program . Similarly , the new PowerPoint is more flexible than older versions , and lots of gimmicks to play with -LRB- if that 's what you want -RRB- .
 Yes , the interface is different and it takes a little getting use to but overall it 's a great product . One of the new features is using online options for templetes so new templetes can be downloaded . There are a lot of great new features and it 's a fantastic upgrade from 03 . I also think the price is excellent , overall well done Microsoft .
 I purchased this softwear to update the Office program on several of our compters as we had misplaced our old disk from several years ago . It was purchased for 3 college students . The price on Amazon was much lower than in local stores , and came with free shipping , so I thought it was a great deal . Arrived in a timely manner , and the students were quite pleased with the updated features in this Office version .
 I had the professional edition , usually what i get , and when I saw this saying student I thought that it would be missing some extra tools etc. . This is good not just for kids as others has been saying you can do just the same amount of work load and the profession and ultimate the same MSWORD , EXCEL , PP , it does not have outlook but if you dont use outlook not an issue , The others have publisher , accounting so those who use tht would be more geared for them . The graphics screen is all blue , all the icons are section all in little segments -LSB- ex . edit would have copy , paste , etc. . all in that section visible so that you can see and you hardly even have to use the pull down menu -RSB- BUt I will say at first a little confusing trying to find the icons you are looking forward so many added functions , once you sort the screen the way you want it , than everything is a go . Everyone would benefit not just the kids . Im happy
 I have been using MS Office products since their inception . I had gotten very familiar with the command and menu structure . I had developed a subset of commands that I used all the time and was very comfortable using them . When I started using MS Office 2007 I found the new layout very confusing and frustrating -- for about an hour . I then started to experiment with the different menu/toolbar views and found that it became very easy to find what I wanted to do and also to use features that were not as familiar to me . For me , this new structure has increased the usability of the products . I like it very much .
 This is a comparison between Word 2003-2007 and Word 2010 . I 'll be honest
 My IT buddy agrees with me that there are still too many `` bugs '' in the 2010 version . Also for the price the 2007 version gives quite a decsnt bang for the buck .
 It 's a shame that Microsoft failed to support spell check for the English language . After installing this product , I discovered only French spell check was available in Outlook Express . I had to download English from a website . Good grief !
 I am very pleased with my purchase of the MSOffice Home and Student 2007 . My Amazon purchase was less expensive than purchasing direct from MicroSoft . The Home & Student package contains MSWord , MSExcel and MSPowerPoint -LRB- among others -RRB- , exactly what I need for my home computer . A great product at a reasonable price , `` Now , that 's a bargain ! ''
 I am very pleased with this purchase . It allows me to create documents with interest since it gives me choices for fonts , and to insert pictures and cartoons.Like the past editions , it gives me help with sentence construction and spelling . I like the way this edition sets up the title bars . It is intuitive and easy to navigate.Every bit what I expected from Microsoft and at a better price that what the stores carry .
 I received my product on time and it delivered exactly as promised . This was an upgrade from my 2003 Office . Wow , there are so many user friendly changes that enhance and expand the possibilities not only with graphics but in other areas . I love the way Word is laid out . I am actually able to access my icons more quickly because they are more user friendly displayed . The colors pop with the program . I love choices offered in Excel with button highlights with each entry.My only regret is that I waited so long to upgrade .
 I just bought a new laptop , an HP Pavilion with Vista and needed a word proccessor and spreadsheet . I am retired and do n't need all the bells and whistles but I wanted to have what I was accustomed to in the MS products over the years . This fills the bill for me and has probably more than I need . I am still getting used to the `` ribbon '' display which is to much information at the top . The good news it can be turned off . I hear a lot of gripes about Vista but since I do n't use any special software , compatability is not a problem for me . All the software I moved over from my other laptop works fine so far . The Vista / office Student and Home package fits my retirement needs very well . I am still learning the details but I like the package . The new OneNote program that comes with Office is interesting but I have not had a chance to play with it yet except to read the help stuff that comes up when you start it . It is a multi media type word and information processor that could be very useful . I look forward to learning to use it .
 Having used Word Perfect since long before WYSIWYG and spell check , I was reluctant to make the switch to Word . As a learning writer I attach my . doc files for others to read , and receive the same from them . The MS Word mode in Word Perfect , was n't making the transition . People who received my files were getting anything from blank pages to off-screen margins.Microsoft Office Home and Student Edition , 2007 , is loaded with features not available on Word Perfect , such as being able to cut and paste in material from other sources automatically formatted for the receiving document . There are some things to learn that are different , but all in all , I 'm really impressed with the power of Word 2007 , and recommend it to anyone who is forced to make the transition . For sending to people using older versions of Word , you need to Save-As your files into the older version of Word 97-2002 , because older versions of Word will not open the . docx files in the 2007 version . 2007 , however , opens older files from Word or Word Perfect .
 I like that you can save documents to older versions of Word so your recipient is able to open documents if they do not have 2007 version . Also , Amazon is at least $ 20.00 cheaper than anywhere else I looked . : -RRB-
 I had to buy this product when my old computer crashed - it 's finally an upgrade that makes it simpler to use . I read reviews that did n't like the new `` ribbon '' format - I like it a lot . I like not having to use drop down boxes for everything . Some of you younger people need to get out of your rut and learn something new . I also am finding new uses for the `` one-note program '' every time I use it - I especially like the one-button approach to saving pages from the internet to `` one note '' .
 No complaints . The interface is taking some time to get used to , after spending so much time on Office 2003 . Overall , I 'd say that this is an excellent product at an excellent price . I would have given it a 5-star rating , but to get that , the suite should have also come with Outlook .
 My daughter , a college freshman in engineering , needed a Microsoft Office package for school . The Home and Student 2007 version met her needs -LRB- Word , Powerpoint , Excel -RRB- and mine -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- .
 I purchased this mostly so I could have a copy of Excel so that I could take the time to learn it . -LRB- having never used Excel -RRB- I had heard that Microsoft Office had a few bugs so I was a little anxious . They must be fixed because I had no problems . I also had decided to take the time and learn the new ribbon set up for the Word 2007 that comes with this product . Cool.Microsofts Office website has free tutorials that are great.Great Product .
 I am currently in school to obtain my Doctorates -LRB- oh the insanity -RRB- , and needed to purchase the software for a presentation . I agonized over buying it , after all there are several different levels of this same system . I have Microsoft works on my computer and was worried that there would be some strange over load and my computer would disintegrate . I called a tech who confirmed it would n't and I purchased . I am so glad I did . The utility , ease of use and variety made my presentation feel less like work ! I would definitely recommend this software for purchase .
 I purchased this for a class I am taking . I installed it keeping 2003 because I still use 2003 for work . The programs run fine side by side . I really like the new features of 2007 especially the preview for changes . I am looking forward to my employer upgrading to 2007 .
 Hard drive died , got a new one and so decided to upgrade from Office 2000 to the 2007 version . No problem with the instal on XP machine . Did n't need all the bells and whistles of the full Office version . The Home/Student version is more than sufficient for daily use of average consumer . However , all the tool bars are very different from the full Office 2000 version and take some getting use to . Just takes time -LRB- hopefully you have it -RRB- . I 'd recommend saving your Word docs in Word ' 97-2003 if you are going to be sending docs electronically , as if they are saved in the 2007 version the reciever wo n't be able to open/read it if they do n't have the 2007 version . That is also not a problem , just have to remember to do it . Help is ok ... I usually get `` faster '' help just with a search of the problem on the Net . Over all great product that does the job required .
 I am sure this product is a good one . I returned it because I did not need it after all .
 I received the item in a timely manner and it was just as I ordered .
 Easy installation in Vista , has most features a home user needs , integrates well with Vista
 Product works as expected . Customer service from Amazon and the shipper were excellent . Recieved product faster than anticipated .
 I have used pretty much every version of Office , and sure this took a little bit of getting used to ... but the new features are awesome . Definitely recommend it for $ 150 -LRB- or cheaper -RRB- .
 I have been using Microsoft Office products for a very long time . We recently bought a new PC for home and needed the latest Office software . The look and feel of 2007 is very different . It was difficult to find your way around at first . Once you figure out where everything is and get used to it , the software is excellent and has many added features . I highly recommend Office 2007 .
 If you use Word , Excel and PowerPoint with Vista what choise do you have . The big difference between 2003 and 2007 is the look of it . It has a few new options .
 The MS office suite that I ordered has been a great tool for my home office . I have used the 2007 Professional edition exclusively at work for several months and enjoy the ease of use . The `` ribbon '' concept for the various tools is easy to navigate and efficient.I highly recommend ordering this version of MS Office from Amazon.com .
 i think this product is easy to use after you get use to the ribbonsi have a suggestion for the people who have not yet made there minddo an internet search for Microsoft Office 2007 trial and download it and use it for 60 day to make a dection that 's what i did .
 I found this software to be the best that Microsoft has ever developed when it comes to making spreadsheets in Excel format . I remember that on the old version you had to hold CTRL key and take your mouse to highlight your area to create your pie chart , well Microsoft has taken that extra keystroke out and now you can hughlight the given area with your mouse then on the top of the toolbar press insert and insert what graph you intend to make.My graphing has never been so simpler with this version office 2007 , I highly recommend this to every person who needs a little easier time in making spreadsheetsGeorge , Fresno , Ca
 The interface is beautiful , you just have to search a bit to find what you need . I 'm a visual person so I appreciate being able to see rather than conceptualize what something is going to look like prior to applying it.Interesting how MS is heading toward Apple interface and Apple is heading toward a little bit more MS applications .
 Amazon has the best price so far on this brand new release of Microsoft Office Home & Student 2007 . None of the other major sellers of this product have dropped below the suggested retail price of $ 150 . Amazon 's price for this version is a great buy as the software can be installed on up to 3 home computers without violating any software licenses . Be aware that this new 2007 version of Office for Home & Student substitutes One Note for Outlook .
 I was very pleased with my purchase and the speed in which I received it .
 The product I received was delivered on time and I had no problems with the software installation .
 I bought this product and really enjoy it . I would recommend this product and the place it ws purchased from .
 The product is great . I received very fast shipping . Only thing is this version of Microsoft Office takes some getting used to . It is a bit more complicated than the old version
 Do n't pay the extra expense for MS Office with your college student 's new lap top . Students in college and grad school need the MS Office basics of Word , Excell , and Power Point , but they get their messaging and e-mails on-line and so they do n't use Outlook . This product has 3 liscenses , so the user cost is only 1/3 of the list cost for these Office basics .
 I needed it fast -- my trial was expiring . It came quickly and has been problem free .
 This is one of the best purchases I 've made in a long time . At first , I was a little hesitant ordering something on line , but I was very impressed with the product and the fast time it took to come to my house . I works great as if it were brand new !! The price was great too !!
 The price was great , the time it arrived @ my home was wonderful . I tried to purchase it @ Microsoft web site it was alot more $ and you do not recieve the product @ your home a code is given to you instead of the CD which I think is stupid to buy a code for a $ 150 . I like shopping Amazon I shop here for all my school needs
 MS 2007 has major improvements not to mention I love ONE NOTE for my business and personal use .
 Microsoft Home and Student 2007 is a surprise right off the bat , with a totally different look than 2003 . I recommend taking a product tour or going through a tutorial -- there are a lot of changes ! Microsoft has attempted to make the programs easier to use by presenting icons in tabs when you need to perform a certain task . Word 2007
 I got a great deal from amazon . It 's offering lowest price and free shipping . I use this software all the time since I am a college student . This software can be installed on upto three computers . This version has many new features than the previous one . I have no problem with it at all .
 SmartArt graphics are the prize in Microsoft Office 2007 . Far superior to Office 2003 in that you can create a graphic with text , then intantly view dozens of permutations by simply hovering the mouse over different graphic templates , colors , affects , etc. . A must have for those that need to create impacting presentations and documents .
 I am not very proficient at Word and generally have used WordPerfect for my publishing needs but I needed Word for a specific purpose . This was an upgrade from Word 2003 and I was amazed at how different it was . The look is quite different but the tutorial was very useful . I am able to do basic functions on it fine and am excited to learn to use some of the more advanced functions . I have n't even begun to explore Excel or the other products included . Overall , I give it two thumbs up .
 This is great IF you like change . If you do n't , I would n't spend the time or money on it just yet . Instead of the normal file - edit - view - format - tools -- drop downs along the top , everything is done with pictures and no drop down . So it 's an adjustment to say the least . Also , if you like to save your files on a travel drive like I do , you have to remeber to save in the compatible version of word 97-03 , if you do n't you ca n't open it in a computer that does n't have word 2007 . Some changes are good , but not all . So just a WORD of advice . . if you are in the middle of updating your resume or working on an important project in word , I 'd wait till you were done , then upgrade and `` play '' from there . The newness of it all might be to frustrating to deal with if you have a deadline to meet.Hope this helps !!
 I am very pleased with my purchase of Office 2007 - the product is great and the price was even better . I highly recommend it !
 I was forced to upgrade from Microsoft Office 2003 due to my daughter 's computer courses requirements . Now that I have taken the great leap forward to the 2007 updated version of Office , I am very excited with the advancements Microsoft had made.I recommend everyone move on to the latest version as soon as they can .
 I have found Amazon offers the best price and service over other sites for the same product . Keeps me coming back !
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007I started college this year , and my children bought me a lap top computer.when the trial versions expired I needed word and excelle . after shopping around I discovered that Amazon.com had the cheapest price around , savings up to 100.00 . The program was easy to install and works great .
 After much research , and grumbling about the need to purchase more than the `` trial '' versions of Office software which came with my new laptop -LRB- fabulous machine , just came with time-limited Office software as per usual -RRB- , I concluded that the `` Office Home and Student '' version of Office 2007 more than met my needs . With Word , Excel and Powerpoint , I was going to be all set . I do n't use Outlook to schedule my life or for email , nor the other Office `` bells and whistles '' . For web publishing and other tasks , I have other software which is easier , powerful , reliable , and less expensive . Next my goal was to find an Office `` suite '' at a price which was reasonable . On another computer , I have the full `` Professional '' Office 2003 version and find I never use more than Word , Powerpoint and Excel , so I was more than open to investigate different and less expensive versions.As in many things , Microsoft software , the genuine `` non-pirated '' software , comes in several price points ... even when we 're talking about the same , exact article ! I found prices of `` Home and Office '' generally SIGNIFICANTLY more than $ 100.00 and often at places I 'm not sure I would trust.To be able to find a new and un-opened copy of a perfect version of genuine Office for LESS than $ 75.00 at Amazon , a trusted vender , was pure joy . It arrived very quickly , as do all my Amazon purchases . What made this even better , though , was the packaging ! This was not merely a CD in a flimsy sleeve , but a well protected , sleek and attractive clear box which sits nicely on a bookshelf in case it needs to be re-installed at some other time.This was a perfect purchase experience , and the `` Office Home and Student '' is also excellent for a professional person -LRB- do n't be put off by the word `` Student '' in the title -RRB- if Outlook and other items are not necessary for your productivity , this version will be exactly what you need at a price far less than the `` Professional '' suite . If you need other pieces of Office software , simply shop around for the best prices to select them separately and your final total will still be far less than the full , `` Professional '' version of Office 2007 . Another all ` round winner , Amazon ! Thank you for your price consideration and financial competitiveness !!!
 This product is great , easy to upload and works great!Thank you , P. Mendoza
 The product is as advertised and works perfectly for the college course I am taking . I received the product sooner than promised and the cost was as advertised .
 I 'm happy to have this -- my hard drive crashed last summer and I 've not replaced it until now . It is great !
 product was useful for what I needed . Arrived in a timely fashion and in excellent condition . nice doing business with you .
 Lot 's of folks are whining about this program . I have it on two other computers and have used it for about a year . I had to have a copy to re-install on my laptop as it got wiped clean by BB because they did n't know how to fix my problems . -LRB- The Student & Office 2007 had nothing to do with that problem . -RRB- I loaded the program and it worked fine from the start . It 's a little different but once you figure it out it 's very good .
 Was happy with price and service of item-but unhappy with the 42.00 restocking fee when I had to return item-almost half the cost of purchase-had I known I would have kept the item !
 Unbelievable , got the product right away and am good to go ! Saved quite a bit and got free shipping !
 This item is perfect for my needs . I use Excel & Word most often so I did n't need the full package . The price was great and the product installed easily with Windows Vista .
 I am really happy with the software I purchased through amazon.com . The price was incredible , It arrived well before I thought it would and everything was so easy.Thanks , Chris G.
 Microsoft Office Standard 2007 FULL VERSIONVery happy I purchased it at Amazon and for a very affordable price .
 I love this product ! Once you get used to the changes in formatting from Office 2003 , it 's very user-friendly . I would highly recommend this product to anyone !
 I am pleased with the product and the delivery time was less than anticipated , but an offer was made for $ 30 off the product at the time I ordered it and I did not receive that discount .
 Excellent product it has everything that we need and you can install it on up to 3 computers . Amazon had the best price of all the sites I looked at . Very satisfied .
 Easy to install & use.Has all of the features I wanted & more .
 I , like most people , have used Microsoft Office products for years and am quite comfortable and familiar with the Menu setup . In this 2007 version , you can still do everything you 've done before -LRB- plus some new formatting features -RRB- , but the interface and menu layout have gone through a major overhaul ... it definitely takes some getting used to . Also , while there is not a feature to change the interface back to the 2003 version , you can save documents as 2003 documents , which you may have to do frequently since many people and businesses have not yet switched over .
 I got this product for as low as $ 80 on Amazon compared to $ 140 from Microsoft for the exact same software . The Student and Home Edition have the Microsoft Word , Excel , and PowerPoint that most people need anyways . I use Gmail for my email , so I have no need for Outlook . Microsoft usually does special promotions for students , so look for it at school specials . The full version costs over $ 250 , and most people do n't need the full edition.Buy the full business edition if you need it . If not , just get the student one !
 Product is as described . I bought it to obtain a license for my laptop . It allows you up to three installs which is fair . You also get One Note which is a program that usually is not pre-loaded on computers and it is very helpful in organizing projects especially on tablet pc 's .
 Word Office 2007 is a huge improvement over Word 2003 . No more need to customize the tool bar , the commands are a click away . The control + whatever shortcuts still work , but there 's less need for them . There 's a much longer list of recently viewed documents , and it 's much easier to switch from document to document . You can click from mailings to inserts to page layout , to review , etc. rather than going through the old pulldown menus . I even like the color scheme . I definitely recommend an upgrade to 2007 .
 For those of you struggling with various editions of Microsoft Word -LRB- formatting , reading , etc -RRB- this is a big help.Microsoft Office Home and Student 20074 makes it easy to save documents in previous editions of Word -LRB- 97-2007 -RRB- making it handy for others . You can even save as a PDF , XPS , Word Template , and others ! Avoid copycat word processing programs which can be found `` on the cheap '' It is worth it to buy the full version of this software . Today 's business world demands that one be compliant on Excell and Power Point . Use your new software with free on-line tutorial 's from Microsoft ! Parents , your kids are going to need this as well for school . I have two high school students as well as a middle school student who have classes requiring Powerpoint as well as Excel . As a parent , computer user at home and office , I recommend this product fully !
 I bought a microsoft office 2007 and then decided I did n't need it . I had not opened it and emailed the company about returning the item . They were very nice about the situation and gave me the help I needed in a timely fashion . I was very pleased with the situation and thankful they made it so easy for me to return the item .
 Even given the time it takes to get used to the new ribbon format , Office 2007 is an excellent suite of products that only improve your ability to produce professional and easily accessible documents and presentations . Do not hesitate to upgrade !
 Look around ... do n't pay more than $ 100 shipped.Can probably find it for $ 80-90 shipped .
 I have paid for a Microsoft original product and I got it . It is original and received in good condition.Thanks Amazon
 Thank you Micrsoft for helping the student . Microsoft Student Addition is awesome . I could NOT survive college with out it . It has everything a student needs and at a better price .
 The upgrades in this version of Microsoft for Excel and Word are very easy to figure out !
 Received very quickly - prompt response greatly appreciated . Wish product came with user manual
 I use MS Office 2007 professional at work and when I bought a new home PC I needed an affordable scaled down version of Office . This version has Excel , Word , PowerPoint which I use a lot at work . I can now take work home and have the same version -LRB- 2007 -RRB- as I do at work and perform all the same tasks and functions as I use at work without the cost of the professional version . I have n't tried to use OneNote so I ca n't comment on it .
 The product installed with no issues , but be prepared for downloads to get all the current updates for this to work properly . Once that is complete plan on getting use to the new layout of drop downs options which is nothing unusual for a new release , but it is a pain .
 I purchased a new PC , I need to upgrade my ` office ' to a newer version . Instead of simply accepting the trial version coming with the PC , I ordered it from Amazon . It came in a CD-ROM , good for up to 3 PC 's . Much more convenient than something residing in machine .
 When you exit Word , Excel or PowerPoint 2007 after properly closing your file you repeatedly receive an alert that the program ended unexpectedly and requiring that you relaunch . Otherwise the programs are very sophisticated and easy to use .
 Being in rural Alaska is is nice to know that the tools are there for us to get the computer equipment that we need at the same or better prices then what we would have to pay in the larger cities . Shipping to me was also timely . I will use this service again and recommend it to others .
 The product is everything I need it to be . It 's simple to use , and I can play around to discover new things that technology has added to the programs . I 'm a small business owner , and this package works well for my company and personal needs . Thank you .
 MS Office Home and Student 2007 , great value and 3 user licenses too . Only problem is that less than 2 weeks later , 2010 MS Office download offered free with purchase of MS Office 2007
 Upgrade from Office 2002 for my daughter 's school work and projects . Free upgrade to Office 2010 and 3 licenses included was the major atractor . Easy to install and does have the option if wanted to customize what is installed .
 I 've had Office 2000 , and 2003 . They were always slow and glitchy . -LRB- sic -RRB- Office 2007 on my Dell laptop with Windows 7 sings . No install issues . No error messages . No hangups . Finally .
 I bought this thinking it was a single license package . When it arrived it is a three license package which allows me to put it on all my computers .
 MS Word 2007 is easier and more user friendly to use than 2003 but the complexity makes it difficult to change some of the word writing options . A considerable amount of time will need to be spent to understand all the capabilities .
 I had a preview sample on the new laptop I have and I liked it so much that I brought the full version and I am very happy with it and I will use it quite oftenI use the labels , cards and various other templates that are available . I recommend it to everyone who like to create different types of data .
 Nice to see MS offer a package for Home and Student . This makes it affordable -LRB- 3 licenses per copy -RRB- and will tie more users to MS products.Interesting note
 My fault , I thought this would have the other programs included as well , but it does n't . I should have sent it back because we only use a couple of the programs ... But , if your needs call for these types of applications , then all the years of success speak for this suite of apps .
 Product was exactly as described . Brand new ! Delivered in a prompt and safe manner .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 - complete packageGraet product and easy to use . Works great with my pdf software .
 Purchased a new PC-my old system had a full version of Office 2003 . We did not need all of the Office Suite features , so we bought this version . It works fine with our needs , and has a good price . Worth looking into for students and small business owners .
 this is my first time ordering software online and i was weary but it was easy to add it on my computer and it has so many features that i did n't know was available . I am truly satisfied with my order and with ordering from Amazon
 This product is the best deal out there on the market . If you are a student -LRB- or a teacher -RRB- and you do lots of computer work from home , purchase this product . It will make your life so much easier ! It has everything you 'll need and it 's so easy to use !
 A huge improvement from the previous version . Never been a fan of Word until now .
 This is a great product at a good price . perfect if you are a poor college student since you will probably need it .
 I 'm not sure what I think of the new Windows format . Some of it seems to have nice details and a sleek design . And other parts just seem confusing and I need to get used to the new layout . I love Words ability to format pictures changing their coloring , to 3d , etc. . Excel , I get confused being used to the older versions . I like the OneNote . It is a nice way to organize your work and brainstorms . I have n't used the powerpoint yet . Overall , it seems like a nice setup that just needs some getting used to .
 It was necessay to purchase bedause of the trial period that I was not informed of upon my purchase of the computer . I find it working ok so far as i can tell .
 It is very functional , I like it a lot !
 This is a great cost-effective solution for home users . It now comes with OneNote , a great tool for organizing people 's lives , especially if you have a TabletPC and/or a Logitech/Nokia IO2 digital pen.The applications are easy to use and the new interface makes using advanced resources a breeze.You can install it in up to three PCs for non-commercial use , which makes the price very reasonable.Beware of the missing Outlook . I do recommend buying at least one standalone copy of Outlook 2007 for synching you data to a SmartPhone running Windows Mobile/PocketPC .
 Programs look great , updates are impressive . Gon na take time to figure everything out though !
 I have not had time to really use it , but it is so different than what I had it will take time to get used to .
 I was hesitant at first because I just purchased a new Dell and was forced to take it with Vista . However the install went fine , just a little longer than anticipated , but very hands-off . Just drop the CD in and let the machine do its thing.I like some of the new changes to Word , it is not very compatible with my Word version at work . I found this out when I emailed a Word file to myself .
 I am very pleased with this edition of Microsoft Home Office . It was easy to install and it arrived very quickly . I would definitely recommend this product because the price is cheaper than in-stores and the wait minimal .
 Good program , I received a better price for this than at other sites . And the free shipping was also a plus . Easy for my son to install . Thanks .
 I found Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 a sound investment . It has been worth every dollar . The features of Office 2007 are easily used , especially in supplying header and footer information for reports and special documents -- just what I need in my affiliations with clubs and organizations .
 It was delivered on time and it was packaged well , so nothing was damaged during delivery .
 I got this product in order to assist me in College essays that I was required to write and submit , once you get past the basic . . what the ?? you are fine , I would suggest getting an edition of how to use this product as tech support is limited . Otherwise I like it just fine .
 It does what it is supposed to to so the 4 stars . I am quite sure that the new features may find themselves useful when I eventually figure everything out but the changes from the version I have been using are so extensive that my productivity suffered greatly . Maybe others have been keeping `` more current '' and wo n't be bothered by the interface changes but switching from Office Professional 2003 to 2007 is a big learning curve .
 Bought this as a Christmas present for my son . I had previously bought & downloaded MS Office on my laptop . Did n't realize you could install it on 3 different computers with the retail license , thus I did n't need this one .
 I am hardly a Word expert , far from being proficient in all phases of using all the tools and skills of one who Word processes constantly , but I can say I like the new MS Office suite . The tutorials are quite helplful and informative , and if I need help , I call on my wife , who is an Office guru . She thinks MS Office 2007 is to be recommended , also . All in all-worthe the upgrade , especially if you are using Office 2000 as we were .
 this was very easy to install and definetly worth the money , cheaper here than other competitor sites ...
 I purchased this at a sale price that was comparable inexpensive from any in-store price -LRB- ex . best buy , office depot -RRB- , at least before sept. 07 . Honestly though I liked the previous version of Microsoft word . I was more confused on this version , or maybe because I was so used to the older version that icon/visual menu view was a little different to me ; it takes some time to get used to . Although , it was convenient that most of menu 's that are mostly used are available in front of your eyes , but sometimes . . all that space was n't necessary.Nevertheless , it was very convenient for us students ; all we need is basically the internet and a computer software program to type information in-esp . for documents that professors/teachers send to us since most/all of them use this program so it 's convenient to retrieve and view it similar to the format they used . I have siblings ; they were n't able to view their documents very well on our default ` WordPad ' because the document used was from Microsoft word and the laptop we received did not originally contain MS office.The professional version is n't necessary .
 As with most new Microsoft software , the layout of formatting options takes some getting used to . It appears as though -LRB- at least in Excel -RRB- that Microsoft has tried to make more formatting options available without using the menu options ... will probably be a good thing once I learn where all the new icons are .
 Good products . It 's unfortunate that Microsoft nickels and dimes customers for other Office products that are far over-priced individually . Why is n't Outlook bundled with this ?
 I tried buying this from a software discount giant haha , after waiting two months I found it here for $ 42.00 cheaper and I had it in 3 days .
 I like the new program but it takes a little getting used to . I did a powerpoint presentation for one of my classes but it would n't play on their computer . A fellow student told me I had to save it differently but I have n't investigated that yet . I would buy it again .
 Received my item before projected date and very pleased with product . It is much better than 2003
 Mostly I 've used Word and have found this version a little different than the other Word versions so I have to hunt a little to find the features I use most often . Everything works well and it 's a good package .
 Combined with Outlook , I have the programs of Office Standard for over $ 200 less than Office Standard . Great programs .
 This product is excellent for our home need . I find 2007 Office format generally easier to use than earier formats incuding 2003 .
 I installed in a xp os . Works great with 1 gb RAM . Superb improvment since last version .
 there were lots of neat options and upgrades from the older one and it 's laid out ok . the only downside is that it is kinda difficult to adapt to and you have to change the default font from calibri to times new roman .
 The product was exactly what I wanted ... The price was well worth NOT going to walmart !
 It took a few days to get comfortable with the new toolbars , but now that I 'm familiar with them I am very pleased with Word 2007 . I had used the previous versions of Word -LRB- 2002 and 2003 -RRB- for ten years and was satisfied with them , but I like the new version even better .
 Even though the product arrived on time the package was badly damaged . However I have installed it on my laptop and I am learning to use this software with the help of ` office 2007 for dummies ' It is different from office 2003 and has a lot of additional features which I find extremely helpful and interesting especially when I have to prepare work for my students
 I purchased Microsoft Office 2007 to put on my laptop . I was also able to install it on my desk top and my daughter 's laptop . 3 installations are included . It has worked beautifully . My daughter and I work on our church newsletter , and we are now able to co-ordinate our writings since we have the same version . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wishes to have an easy version of a writing program . It is user friendly !
 I HAVE HEARD THIS PRODUCT WAS GREAT . . I LOST THE PRODUCT CODE BY THROWING AWAY THE BOX ACCIDENTALLY . . IS THERE ANY WAY THAT YOU COULD GET ME THE CODE , OR FIND OUT HOW I MIGHT GET IT . .
 Excellent product . All I need without the useless extras that take up disk space .
 Amazon had a great price on Windows 7 . I think it 's best to keep current with the latest operating systems . So far I have n't discovered all the neat things it does , but it seems to be efficient and working well .
 I have used Microsoft Office for many years and it has never disappointed.Don ' t forget to remove me from your special shipping program.Brooks Marshall
 Installation was easy . Programs looks good . The case for the product was strong , but there should have been instructions on how to open it .
 Product is just what I needed but Amazon is doing great with the fast shipping and great prices .
 Very easy to use and has been an easy way for me to improve my newsletters for work !
 The product is what it should be and was shipped in a timely manner . Howerver the MS free tutorial was out of date and I was unable to use it . It appears that I was shipped old inventory .
 I took me awhile to install 2007 because I uninstall ed the trial version of 2007 . I reinstalled the trial version and installation of 2007 went smoothly.MS Office 2007 is a great product and a big improvement over MS 2003 .
 Shipper was fast , honest , and when I called with a question , they were happy to answer and help me . Would definately purchase from this company again !
 The package was delivered promptly and arrived in good shape . The program worked like it should .
 It works fine . I have web-based e-mail and keep my contacts on paper so do n't need Outlook , etc. . It 's fine .
 Fast delivery and in excellent shape . Used directly after arrival . I would order from these people again .
 I bought this for my wife 's laptop that only came with trial 's for the programs . It was delivered very quickly and had no problems using it . These programs are something that all computers need .
 This order was cancelled because it was sent to the wrong address . Have since reordered it .
 I ordered the wrong product at 1st but Amazon helped out and I got what I wanted . Happy with the Office product and the Amazon service .
 Needed to add this software to my daughters new computer . Stores wanted $ 30 to $ 50 more .
 Very happy with the price on this product as compared to brick & mortar retailers . This version -LRB- Home & Office Student -RRB- does not include MS Outlook , but the included Excel and Word packages have been updated and are more powerful . For my personal rant to software providers , I am annoyed when it takes me forever to figure out how to do things I used to do routinely . The 2007 version has been updated with the `` ribbon '' , and in time I 'm sure I 'll get used to it ... but I 'm not there yet by a long shot .
 My purchase of this product was to upgrade from my previous version -LRB- 2003 -RRB- . The changed format is a bit more of a challenge at first , but it incorporates tools I use frequently into the main portion of the program -LRB- word count , etc. -RRB- , which makes it easier for me to function.It is worth the price .
 The vendor is very reputable , the product arrived before the due date and in very good condition . The vendor even had a personlized message just in case something should go wrong in the set-up . There is nothing to complain about and I got more than I paid for .
 This was excellent . Received the product in good time . Was very happy with it after receiving Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 . We gave it to our Grandson , who graduated and going on to college this fall . Thankyou very much .
 Good software with a good price . Have no problem with installation . Applications work good . I have Vista operation system .
 came on time , works well and like all microsoft word products has lots of bells and whistles for formal writing , however , we still prefer wordpad for speed and simplicity when we 're doing a quick draft . its great strength is its utility when doing manuscripts -- for example , my book `` tales of the monkey king '' was handled from drafts through final galleys by e-mail with pacific view press . there is nothing to beat uniform standards .
 I checked several stores and online for this product and this was the best price by far .
 The software is the same as buying it off the shelf at a retail store , but through Amazon it is cheaper . I received it in two days even though I selected the free shipping option .
 I went from Office 97 to 2007 so it took some fiddling around to find the functions I wanted but it was worth the effort . Power Point 2007 is a big improvement over the Power Point 97 that I was using.It is a little embarassing to relate that the most difficult part of the whole operation was opening the box to get the program disk . After some cussing and fussing -LRB- and considering the use of a hack saw -RRB- I got it to open . It is not what you would call intuitive .
 This software is so feature rich it will take a long time to learn more than the basic functions . The help area is good . Some of the frequently used options , like `` print '' are buried several clicks down instead of being immediately available . `` Insert '' is another item that takes drilling to get to .
 This software is exactly what I was looking for . It was more competitively priced through Amazon than through local stores . Shipped quickly .
 it is very powerful , new features allows me to make my presentations fun . thank you
 Product as expected . Would have preferred a handbook for easier access on tutorial imput . Your Amazon service was good ... thanks .
 I tried out the Trial of this version of Microsoft office and I have to admit that it was very challenging when I first had to use it . Now it is almost an easy peasy and it has a lot of nice features . I suggest you down load the trial from their website then decide if you want to buy it because it is not a cheap product !
 I have n't had a chance to use all of the programs within this software , but from what I have used it is an extremely valuable and efficient group of programs that I will eventually use . The website for training and Q & A is something I will definately be utilizing soon .
 I upgraded from MS Office Student and Teacher 2003 . I am still getting used to finding the features in the new ribbon interface . So far , I like the auto preview feature which shows you what your text will look like when you mouse over a formatting option.I am only sorry that they left Outlook 2007 out of this version . I am keeping Outlook 2003 for the time being . I am also saving my work in the old Office 97-Office 2003 format until all my computers at home and work have upgraded .
 Pros
 I downloaded the Onenote 2007 beta program , which is great , and definitely has improvements over Onenote 2003 -LRB- multiple notebooks , moveable tabs , and more -RRB- . But alas , it expired , and I am now basically forced to buy Office Student and Home 2007 in order to be able to continue using it because my university does not currently offer this version . I am currently working on my dissertation , and depend on Onenote to keep me organized , just as I did for my master 's thesis . Pre-2003 I used Word for my notetaking , and I refuse to go back ! I 've tipped many people off to this extremely useful for software for students - take a look at a trial version to see if it would be useful for your own work . Only certain versions of Office 2007 have Onenote - so do research before deciding on the version you want .
 It 's usually a no brainer to upgrade two or three generations of software and in my case it is proving to be so . The interface is different but having used their previous products of Word and Excel for years and years and years it is easy enough to correlate menu selections I once performed with the new `` Ribbon Interface '' that Microsoft 's Genies have developed . It seems to me to be quite intuitive and easy to use . I do recommend the purchase for anyone who is not a `` dyed in the wool '' old school user.I appreciate the fact that the software is not an upgrade , rather it is a `` Full Install '' AND the Retail Package is licensed for use on up to three of my home based , non-commercial , computers at no additional cost . This works out to be around $ 35.00 per computer for the Suite of software , which I consider is a good deal . Note
 Good product for the price . Would recommend purchasing . I use the full version at work and did not want to pay the high price for Office for my home computer . The student version serves the purpose for home use w/out the high price tag .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007Easy to install , nO PROBLEMS at all . Will buy from again ! OH and MUCH CHEAPER then Microsoft website .
 Once Again Satisfifed with Amazon , Great Price for my product , Fast Shipping . Will Buy Again !!!
 The product works as advertised . And , as always , Amazon delivered with a good price and in a timely manner .
 I purchased this product for my daughter who recently graduated 8th grade and will be starting high school in the fall . This software will be extremely beneficial . My oldest child , now in high school , had to go to the library to use their computer because we did no have this at home . This software is a real time-saver and a very practical graduation gift . I installed it in both computers very quickly and easily . They ca n't wait to have school projects to use this software . Great purchase , good price and very quick delivery . Nice packaging too - ready to wrap !
 The price on this software was very reasonable . It works great ! Alot of new stuff to learn for someone used to using Word 2003 and before , but once you get it down , it works just fine !
 I have worked with Word and Excel for years but the upgrades in 2007 are fantastic . No more hunting through the task bar for what you need . All at your fingertips . It takes some getting use to but worth it !!
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007I find the product easier to use than before . The online help - gives more help
 This product is great i saved some trips up to the school . There are so much stuff that you can do on here now its out standing . The only thing is that you got to get used to it there are alot of things that are different compared to the last one .
 Had been looking for this software for several weeks but could n't afford the price . Amazon came through again , only way to get the same price was to be a college student at a qualifying school .
 The software works great ! Got it in the mail quickly , and easy to download onto the computer .
 I replaced Open Office -LRB- free office suite -RRB- with MS Office home & student 2007 for commonality with work and school . I 'm glad I made the change . Open Office had a few quirks I did n't like .
 Installed product on two computers
 Looked several places and this one was the best price.Very Pleased with item and shipping .
 Every thing was as advertised . I was very satisfied with doing bussines with Amazon.Com I look forward to doing bussiness in the future with them .
 Microsoft Office 7 is a great product . If course , I did have to get a new computer to run it , but I needed one ! All the new features make it very easy and efficient . I was able to take advantage of a holiday special which made it very affordable . The big HOWEVER is that the Home and Student Edition does not come with Outlook and that must be purchased separtely .
 This was a great deal at $ 51.88 and with shipping it was under $ 60.00 . This item is normally listed at over $ 100.00 . Does n't get much better than that -LRB- unless it is free ! -RRB- .
 Microsoft Office is essential software for any computer . No one should be without Word and Excel .
 Product arrived in a few days after it was ordered on-line . Best price available on-line and came as expected .
 Excellent product !! Great products , easy to download and use . Excellent help screens and shortcuts.Highly recommended !
 The new version of Office is coming out very soon . The price on this current version was good , though it dropped about $ 10 a week after I bought it .
 Full version of office , taking some getting used to but overall seems to bbe pretty good . The only complaint I have is the activation key it comes with does not work with the pre-installed trial versions ... I had to put in the disk and install it to get it to work .
 Product came unwrapped and was delivered on-time as expected . I was able to load product without any troubles at all .
 This item was in perfect condition . I have been using this item since I received it . Working well . Thanks
 No problems with registration of product . Layout is a bit different than older versions of Office , so that has me poking around a bit , but it seems to have less quirks than Office 2003 so far . I 've not used it long however . I do wish they 'd have an option to make the menuing layout revert to a more Office 2003 look . But I 'm sure I 'll get used to the feel of the Office 2007 suite soon enough . What I want to know is
 I love using my Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 software , it really helps with my college work .
 I use Office 2007 at work and have become accustomed to it for what I consider basic productivity . I tried using MS Works -LRB- which came with my last two pcs -RRB- and I found Works to be more of a hastle than a help . There are compatibility issues with Works . Now all I need is Adobe Acrobat Professional and I 'll feel whole .
 This manual is simple and direct . Instructions and explanations are well written and easy to implement .
 Great price and quick shipment . Saved me a lot of $ $ which I love !
 I saved a few bucks by ordering the Windows software through Amazon and loading it on my new laptop myself rather than paying for it when the manufacturer built the machine . It was easy to do and took no time .
 I tried desperately not to go to the dark side . I was a big fan of Open Office ... until I used it more and more . MS Office is faster and easier to use . It also has features amenable to tablet PC use that are seamless . I often sign by hand -LRB- on my tablet -RRB- and fax documents I create . Previously , I had to print to windows journal , sign , and then print to pdf . With the inking features built into Word , I can sign to my document `` directly '' , save it as a pdf and then fax it with fewer steps , all without using any paper . MS office just works more intuitively than Open Office , for instance it is much simpler to set up a background for a slide show presentation in Power Point than in Open Office Impress.Bill Gates is my father .
 The Office Home and Student is perfect for what I needed . I have had Office before and never used the Publishing or other parts of the full package . I believe that this is the perfect blend of programs that fit my needs and at a lower price point . Some of the new features in the Windows Word and Excel are worth the upgrade .
 The Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 software arrived shortly after ordering and performs well on my computer . Thank you !
 Have been working with MS Works and MS Word Perfect and the old version of Word . Works is good but not that great . About the same for Word Perfect . 2007 version is going to take some getting used to but once I figure it all out , I 'm sure I will love it . Amazon did a great job with the order . Once ordered it only took about 3 days and it arrived in very good condition . Amazon does a good job . Will continue using them .
 Bought it just to get Microsoft Office 10 for a reasonable price . I have been using 10 beta for a couple months and really like it !
 We bought this item for our son 's laptop for school and it gives him everything he needs w/out having to buy other products .
 I purchased this Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 for my son who is attending university . He is very happy with it . He said he will be able to put it on his new computer without having to buy it again and we may also have one copy on our computer as well . That is 3 uses for the price of one . Computers do n't last forever , so if his computer crashes , he will be able to have office on his new computer without waiting . It was a good buy .
 The software arrived on time and as advertised . It has worked flawlessly ever since I installed it . I have n't begun to use all of the capabilities of the program but look forward to getting to know every aspect of the program and how it will benefit me . Installation went smoothly with no surprises .
 I was in the market for an affordable , basic program to install on my laptop . Not only was this affordable , but it has up-to-date programs and the shipping was free !
 I was very happy with the speed of delivery and the quality of this product . It was everything I was expecting .
 Since this product was n't available , I was upgraded to a professional work package at no extra cost . The shipping was quick and I am pleased with the package .
 This software helped me land my new job ! I needed to upload my resume on certain career websites and this software is exactly what I needed . Fantastic ! I give it an A + + And the price was a super , super deal !
 I check the web for best prices and almost always Amazon has the best price and most items have free shipping with prime membership . The best way to shop is online ; no waiting in lines or wasting gas driving .
 Microsoft Office 2007 is great ... but it takes a little getting used to b/c some of the features have been moved or changed . Also , when I send 2007 documents as attachments on an email , the receiver sometimes ca n't open it up if they have an older version of Microsoft .
 This is a great product . We have a home based business and have enjoyed working with this program . The only downside is when you need to email some documents they ca n't always be read or opened if the recipient does n't have the same updated program . This has only happen a few times .
 Excellent product is slightly different from the 2003 version but I like it and I think with a little adjustment so would you .
 This item is awesome . I bought it a few weeks ago and I am really satisfied . There is nothing wrong with it and the seller is excellent . I had the product less than one week after my command on the internet . And it is much less expensive than if I had bought it in a store . I am really glad to have it .
 I have been using Microsoft Office in various versions since the days of DOS , Windows 3.1 , Windows Me and now the current version on Windows XP . I mainly use Word , and at first , the new interface was a bit daunting since the commands were not in their usual places . However , after using the program for a while , the function-specific `` ribbons '' really make a lot of sense and improve productivity . One of the greatest features added becomes apparent when you highlight some text . At that point , a tiny menu appears above the highlighted text with many frequently used functions -LRB- bold , italic , text color , style formatting broom , highlighting , etc. -RRB- . Right clicking the highlighted text brings up a huge variety of options including dictionary look-up , synonyms , translation -LRB- into a limited number of languages -RRB- , as well as several formatting functions.These contextual menus as well as the ribbons appear in all the applications providing the appropriate commands for the application being used.Installation was not a problem at all . You should know that I installed this under Windows XP which is running using the `` Parallels '' program on my iMac . I could not be happier with this whole setup.All in all , it 's also a very stable program , although I had search and replace problems with one document I was working on . Invoking the search and replace command froze up Word , but it successfully brought up all open documents without a problem . As an aside , this problem did NOT occur with the Mac version of Word.Still , I like the features of this program very much and would highly recommend it to any user of a previous Office program .
 I was very impressed by the price for this new Office Suite . Elsewhere , it was much more expensive , and on a college student 's budget in this economy , price means A LOT !
 I received this package on the date specified , and installation of the product was very easy . Thank you !
 I am so glad I upgraded my Office ... I absolutely love the new features . Very user friendly .
 When I bought my new laptop with the VISTA operating system , it came with Microsoft WORKS , but not MSWORD . Nobody else has WORKS , so I had to buy MSWORD in order to exhange and read documents . MS Office Home 2007 loaded up easily , and is totally compatible with VISTA . I have had no problems . I do need to learn the latest MSWORD commands , pretty easy though . I like it !
 This is an excellent product . I would highly recommend it to any family with more than 1 computer in their household . I would recommend this product to my co-workers and family .
 Excelent product , it has everything you need to work at home or school , at a very reasonable price . I realy recomend it
 Thanks you for the quick shipment . It 's great to have the software installed and working ! Thanks .
 I resisted upgrading to Office 2007 until I started to use it at work . It is a great benefit in doing my homework . I wish I had done it sooner .
 Not much to say but that it was the best price I could find from a trusted vendor . Shipping was very quick also .
 This is a great product . We had and older office and did the upgrade . Easy transition and lots of great features .
 The ordering process was easy and very user-friendly . The product arrived before schedule and was exactly what I ordered . This was my first experience purchasing something through Amazon . I 've been more than pleased and will definitely use them again for future purchases .
 MS Office has changed the headers for the program making it easier to locate tools and functions . Does take some getting used to but still has superior functionality for office productivity software .
 I needed to purchase Microsoft Home Office for a technology class I have this semester.Normally this product has a price tag of $ 150 - $ 200 , thus I was happy when I found it here for under $ 90 . The shipping seemed to take a while longer than expected , however , I have no regrets about purchasing this item .
 I have been pleased with the product that I purchased from Amazon . The product came sooner than the expected delivery date , which was extremely helpful considering I needed the product for my online school . I will definitley consider Amazon again when needing an item .
 Needed product for my college student assignments . Installed w/o problems . There are quite a few updates for software as well as others .
 It is a good - but being older it takes longer to know all the ins and outs of the program . think I have to take a course to learn more about the software .
 I had n't gotten microsoft on my computer when i bought it in hopes that buying the product alone would be cheaper - besides that i could n't get home and student directly from dell - but yes , it was cheaper - and now i have a couple extra licenses to sell to other people too .
 A good upgrade to MS Office . Yes , you have to learn a new way to approach menu items , but overall it is much more efficient . The saved file sizes are much smaller , the program is more stable , and the program runs faster on older computers . Many new functions in Excel . But I can understand why a novice computer user might be frustrated .
 This is a great deal on this product , but leaving out Outlook in this version makes it less of a deal . Outlook by itself is another $ 80 . If you need Outlook , then buying a more complete package makes more sense .
 I 've had other word processing programs , but word is the best ! Have n't gotten to Excel yet , but Word is working out well . Great price !
 I really liked this , especially Microsoft Excell.many things changed trying get familiar with new one .
 The software loads and performs perfectly ... no secondrate product . It is a great buy for students and teachers wanting access to the Office products ... JB
 Excellent product . I am a teacher so it 's perfect for my home and for my school work .
 Perfect for home PCs . Everything you need for personal use . Best price I found anywhere .
 I got the Microsoft Office Home and Student 07 for a better price than if I had bought it direct online from Microsoft , what a great deal . The item was factory sealed with all the items needed to down load and register .
 This is a good product because I did not want to purchase the whole suite of products . Now if they would only allow purchases ala carte . The other thing I like is the 3 licenses instead of the single intall
 It is very useful and does a wonderful job . A little costly , but it is worth the money .
 `` Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 '' is one of the best software values offered . You get four professional programs -LRB- Word , Excel , PowerPoint , and OneNote -RRB- that are the industry standard for Office Suites and licensing for installation on 3 PCs . This is a great deal!Every company I have worked for has used the MS Office suite and my kids have learned the applications in school . While the interface has changed significantly from previous versions , it is not impossible to master and in some cases is very intuitive . I would have preffered the option of switching back to a `` Classic '' interface , but Microsoft did not include that as an option.So , you get great word processing , spreadsheets , presentation , and organizing software for under 100 , and you can install it on three PCs . You get a lot for a little with this package!Highly Recommended!CFH
 Installed on first attempted . Works great . Packaging is a waste . They could have at least put it in a DVD size package .
 Good product , but there is a little bit of a learning curve if you are used to the older versions of Microsoft products . Also , Word , Excel , and Powerpoint all seem to load slower -LRB- than the older version -RRB- and they freeze up more when saving sometimes . Still , I am happy with the product and getting used to the new layout .
 I love OneNote it 's amazing when studying for exams and looking through your notes . I use excel to make calendars for study time and to organize . Word for all my papers etc. . And of course power point for presentations . I love it all ...
 Ordering a used textbook through Amazon.com not only saved me money , but was received in a timely manner . I 'm new to Amazon.com and would n't trade it for the world !!
 really liked the user friendly ability . got very comfortable with it . do n't like the one that comes with windows 7
 Bought a new laptop and needed an Office suite for it . this copy came and worked excellent and covered till I could afford to buy Office 2010 .
 I always wrote a letter to one of my aunts . She is very sick and does not get out or sees many people any more . I was writting her once a week . When I had to purchase a new computer it did not have a nice letter writing program with it . She had told my mom several times how much she missed my letters . I could not really afford this product but to make her happy I gave up something else . Now I am back to making her happy each week . That makes me feel very good .
 Great alternative to buying the most current version of software . Good price , and has more features than I would like to try to learn how to use .
 Try it , you 'll like it : - -RRB- Oh no ! , I need to add more words to this to be able to submit it !
 I bought this for my daughter to use in her school work . She found it to be very useful and helpful .
 The Office Home and Student 2007 is very useful and had all the products from Microsoft we needed . It contained the programs Excel , PowerPoint , Word , and OneNote - but does NOT have Outlook .
 I was very pleased with this item , it ws exactly what I needed for online school , was in perfect condition and served its purpose . Thank you !
 good product at a good price . nice package at a reasonable price . is working on my new computer with windows 8 .
 myson in law and i joined together to get hiswifem , y daughter a laptop for early xmas and/or bday ... cause she mainly needed it for shool . and then I got this item to put on her and my laptops so we have full access to word excel ect . i knowolder version but stillworks .
 Working out great , except that when I tried to access the free tutorial , clicked on `` Business '' use - my choices were Asian countries only , no USA in sight . I printed free tutorials anyway .
 After using MS Office for years I found 2007 version 's interface somewhat confusing . I may get used to it eventually ; for now though I prefer Open Office for daily work.Saying that - for $ 95 -LRB- Home edition -RRB- one gets a lot of functionality .
 I love this Office program . The features are great and I love the new layout .
 My daughter loves it . She is in many advanced classes in high school and it helps her with her papers and projects .
 Dramatic change is very often difficult , so the 2007 version of MS Office is a challenge . However , as someone who has used Word since the mid-to-late 1980s , I have seen a few changes in the product . I do think this version is the most radical change so far.The `` intuitive '' navigation tool , the ribbon , was pretty annoying at first as my intuition told me to look for the tools in the old places . I did n't like how it took up about a fifth of my screen and I did n't like how things had moved . I especially did n't like not being able to control which toolbars were displayed on my screen and not being able to select what options the toolbars had in them.The good news is that this version of Word -LRB- and the other office products -RRB- has the option of not displaying the Ribbon . The other good thing is that when I put the tools I most commonly use onto the Quick Access Toolbar , I can minimize the Ribbon and get much of my screen back . That has helped a lot . Now I normally work with the Ribbon minimized and have my most-often used tools a click away . A suggestion for the next version of Office is to have the option of turning on a second Quick Access Toolbar for those of us who use a lot of tools . -LSB- ... -RSB- This takes you to a page of interactive tools that show the previous version of the programs . From there you click on the tool you want to find in the new version and a Flash video shows you how to get there . I did find this to be helpful.Two things to remember : As always , do n't let management or IT switch you to new software when you 're on deadlineThere is very little pain with change , but the resistance to change can be excruciatingGood fortune !
 I 'm sure users everywhere whole heartedly agree this program delivers all someone needs , expects and more from Microsoft . Training classes via the web instead of reading thru a thick book or even trying to remember the `` hot keys '' . Adding free updated downloads of templates and clip-art -LRB- safely -RRB- is a `` sweeet '' bonus.This old-timer is now handicapped with use of only one hand and unable to print/write , so MOH/Student 2007 is for everyone.And the price , REASONABLE .
 I 'd heard how hard it was to move from an old version of Microsoft Office to Office 2007 ... not true . I was very comfortable with my Office Small Business 2000 , but the Student and Home 2007 has been an easy transition . I have n't figured out how to use One Note , but get along fine without it . I was able to keep my Outlook 2000 so I can use that calendar , now have Powerpoint which I did n't have before , and the transistion to Word and Excel 2007 has been really easy , especially if you remember to `` right click '' for many of the same commands previously used . I still have my 2000 versions but have not gone back to use them even once in the couple of months I 've had the new versions . The Amazon.com prices can not be beat anywhere ... Its too bad there is so much misinformation on the transition .
 I have n't been using the newer version of Office for very long , but so far I have been very pleased with it . I especially like the One Note . It has become a program I use about every day . It takes some getting used to since the setup has changed , but I like the new features .
 We ordered this for our 16 yr old who does a lot of projects at school . He uses Word and PPT mostly , and loves it . He uses it with Vista and loves Vista , too . The price was right and we had no problems using it .
 Great product , easy to install . Getting a better price also helps alot in these times . thanks .
 Typical Windows Product . Installed as sold.No issues.Harry
 I 've been using the previous incarnations of MS Office and the '07 has undergone a major facelift.Whether or not the face looks good or bad depends on the user.The new drop down menus will take a little getting used to . I 'm either set in my ways or the layout is not as intuitive as it could be.Overall , nice to have the new product .
 Great price for this popular office suite , which had been going at Best Buy for $ 149.00 . The license lets you load it on up to 3 computers , which is great because we have two laptops for home and school use . We really only needed Word , Excel and PowerPoint , but it also comes with One Note . I have n't used that for anything yet , but I 'm sure we will .
 I am currently working on my B.S. in legal studies . I am having to write a lot of essays and Microsoft Word is excellent , as it automatically adjusts for spelling and grammer errors . It is a little more complex than previous versions , but once you write with it once or twice , the format becomes easier to use . I have not used the other sections like power point yet , but look forward to learning them in my next class . Two thumbs up for Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 .
 I recently ordered microsoft Office and was very pleased with the prompt attention . The merchant gave a window of dates for delivery and the software came at the statr of that window . The merchandise was securely packaged and arrived in excellant condition . Thank You .
 I waited until I HAD to buy this -LRB- a new laptop and two trial programs later -RRB- , and appreciate the price that Amazon offers it at . Word and Excel is what I primarily needed , although I would have bought a version that included Publisher if those were not many times as expensive . I find the version of word to be quite user-friendly now that I am accustomed to it . Excel is unchanged , more or less . There are utilities in the package that I have not yet and may never use , and wonder about other customers ' experiences .
 I 'm VERY PLEASED with the sales AND service . I would order from this seller again , in a heart beat .
 this was just what i wanted and needed to do my college papers and to use for my work . Thank you .
 Great prduct forword processing . My only complaint is it should have MS Outlook include for email . I bought this for $ 80.00 on sale , so that makes my complaint more like for your information.Hope this helps .
 I am used to working with the older version of microsoft office so this took a little getting used to ... still adjusting to the changes in the format of it but all in all it is a good update to something that was already a great product .
 I needed this software mainly for word processing and it is great because for a `` lower than the student bookstore '' price I got the student office suite which included more than I needed .
 I ordered Windows Vista and I received it on time . I still have a lot to learn . There several major changes and I appreciate that .
 - It has great functionality and features . But the usability especially menus are significantly different than Office-2003 . Sometimes it frustates me to find out options like `` Save As '' etc. .
 Looks good , works good , yes there is a learning curve over 2003 software . As always with microsoft its overpriced .
 This software package did everything that it was advertised to do . That 's all I ask of any product .
 Microsoft Office is the best ever . I was disappointed at first that Microsoft had changed Word , but after reviewing and using Word it is so much easier and does so much more without a lot searching .
 This is the same product that is in brick and morter stores for a lot less . It is less expensive to buy the software on Amazon even if yuou get the new computer discount .
 This item was a great buy . It was shipped in a few days as promised and I installed it in my computer with no problems at all . This product sells for a lot more in stores even on sale so you will not be sorry that you bought this product online ... no taxes and free shipping . I definitely recommend this product .
 Works well for me since I needed MS Word & Excel spreadsheet software and it was a good deal . Did not want or need One Note or Powerpoint which is included . Would have been nice to have Outlook .
 The price was right and the shipping was timely.It had exactly what I needed at half the price where I had seen it sold elsewhere .
 This product was easy to install for someone who is not computer savy and does exatly what it supposed to do and more . I am very satisfied with this product .
 I tried for a while to get by with open source versions of Word and Excel but it was a total disaster . So unless you like waiting two minutes each time you copy and paste only to have your data paste in a table that was n't on the original , just take the plunge and get the real thing . The only thing I 'm not a fan of is the new `` Ribbon '' toolbar format . It 's supposed to be more intuitive for new users but if you 're experienced with prior versions of these programs it will trip you up for a while . Might be easier once I get used to it , we 'll see.Anyhow , I like to fight the power whenever possible , but every now and then The Man gets it right .
 I recently purchased a new computer and needed a word processing program . This product was available at a very reasonable price and highly recommended . It arrived very quickly and was very easy to load on to my computer . It has provided me with the things that I need and more .
 I wanted to upgrade from Office 2003 without spending a lot . I downloaded the trial version from Microsoft but bought it from Amazon because of the price . I do n't use OneNote ; thus the 4 stars .
 I have just started to use Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 . There are many people who are very impressed with this product , so I feel that there is no need to go into numerous details . My opinion is that this is a significant improvement over previous versions , due to the more intuitive way in which one can use the software . The `` ribbon '' that appears when a tab is selected displays common and important functions , making it quite easy to find and select appropriate operations . The organization is done very well , and it is easy to negotiate among the tabs . Of course , I have just started to use the software , and have done nothing complex . My view is that for straightforward applications this software has been superbly designed .
 great program for home and student very happy and got it at a great price thanks to amazon
 Great price at under $ 100 - perfect for about anyone . On older computers it is a lot slower coming up than word and pp 2003 but that is understandable since the graphics in the software are better . It takes a few times to figure out the menu but anyone who uses a computer and has more than average patience will find the software just fine .
 I 've been using MS Office for 12 + years , and yes , I was frustrated by yet another Microsoft `` change everything to a new place '' move . But I have gotten used to it now , and it is good . The new pivot table tool in Excel is much better , and I like the much-enhanced conditional formatting stuff -- very useful for more eye-catching docs.The best part -- being able to install it on three computers ! Microsoft finally figured out that the one-computer home is an endangered species , and who wants to buy multiple licenses at big bucks per computer ?
 Once you relearn how to use ' 07 , it has some GREAT features . Different layout than '03 but you can do much more with the product . I 'm not a techie , but learned quickly . Recipients may not be able to open doc.w / o a converter , but that is downloadable from the office site .
 I love the 2007 version . It has cool features and easy to use . I wish we used this version at work .
 This product is one that is proprietary over ANY document you 'd written before it 's application ! Each document is opened with a question/choice as to what to open it as and it takes about 30 seconds to ` convert ' them from the prior format to the present one . Each previous document opened , is once again opened , before opening the one you are wanting to open ! What a pain ! It also slooowwws down my entire XP operating system . I need it for Excel but if there was a way to have it without all it 's peripheral impact , I would grab it in a second ! Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated .
 I 've tried others but come back to Microsoft . It seems to be tried and trusted .
 Excellent product , great value . This version is a little different but has some very good resources for the student or homemaker using Word .
 This software came in earlier than promised and in better condition than I expected . Thank you .
 It was great . It arrived on time , much quicker than I had thought . I used it to upload programs that I needed , and it did -- highly recommend this seller to others .
 I am pleased with the Microsoft Office Home & Student 2007 software . I really like OneNote .
 It was wonderful to find this product at a price even below what Walmart sold it for . Even after adding in the shipping costs .
 Very happy with the student version of Microsoft Office Home . It includes the four programs of Word 2007 , Excel 2007 , PowerPoint 2007 and OneNote 2007 . Comes with three home licenses , and it was easy to install on my pc that runs XP , however , installation on my laptop that runs Vista was another story . I eventually got it loaded . I feel this package is a great value .
 I received this within a week and it was all I expected & more ! It was in perfect condition .
 I `` m so glad to have Microsoft Office added to my available applications . It 's such a great usable program , and at a great price !
 I wish they had n't made such radical changes in where functions are located and how the toolbars are displayed . It apparently never occurs to software engineers that the average customer does not find it amusing to spend hours hunting for needed functions . In the first week , I came very close to throwing the entire computer out a window in total frustration . As a teacher , I have very little time and I need my software to work NOW.That said , the on-line help function is very good . You will need it . The programs are every bit as good as the older versions of Office and documents can be saved to older versions which is also good . I have several emails from Microsoft explaining all the wonderful new whizbangs that I have not had time to even wonder about . I 'm sure the product is improved and I will be even happier with it once I have an opportunity to figure it all out .
 So easy to use ! That 's the bottom line ... not only are the features easy to learn -LRB- with good tutorials -RRB- , it converts all of your older documents to being Office 2007 compatible ! I needed to do a power-point presentation for my Master 's Thesis , and Office 2007 made it easy and hassle free ! I am incredibly happy with this product and would reccommend it to anyone who needs to create products for use in school or office presentations .
 I have n't had a problem with this version of Office yet . It 's a nice refreshment from 2003 , which I 've been using since that year .
 The Microsoft Office Home Edition is the latest and affordable software that student 's can be able to afford in today 's market . Stores quickly run out . It has more features and applications that help your student 's manage their home study or research term paper done a lot quicker and effectively .
 This is a great deal and was much needed software for school.It does much more than I expected and still manages to exceedmy expectations !
 Software was shipped and received promptly and was just as described , new in the box , at a great price . Buy with confidence from this supplier .
 Office is something I needed for 3 computers . I have been using Open Office but knew I needed to step up and purchase the `` real thing '' . I loved that it has 3 user applications for one price.Easy to install and ready to go in just a few minutes .
 At the price offered , this is a great piece of software . Remember it does n't include outlook e-mail so you 'll have to use Windows mail or some other mail program .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007Was looking for the best price and found it at Amazon . Details info was very preciseand it arrived before scheduled delivery date , was very well packaged without wasting excess packing material . Will definately buy from Amazon again .
 I am a long-time MS Office user and have been long overdue on upgrading due to the pricing and some changed requirements for its use . Having said that , I am coming to appreciate the increased capabilities of the Office suite and am still getting comfortable with differences in the user interface to the functionality of the different program elements . I am highly satisfied with the reduced pricing and this fine product .
 I expected my order to come in about 5 business days at least . Thank you for the fast shipping ! Brand new sealed in a box as described , I highly recommend this seller and would definitely purchase from this account.I ordered this product sunday , jan. 24 2010 and today -LRB- jan 26 2010 -RRB- i received it.I just received the package and was very pleased so im making this review . Im confident about the authenticity of this product because it is sealed and comes with the product box , it 's like shopping at your favorite electronics store without the hassle and for a much reasonable price !
 a lot of sites sell the same products but amazon is still the best . The price was the lowest I was able to find , so I ordered it . I admit I paid extra for shipping as I was not happy with the super free shipping option , I used in the past . item came within a couple of days , in perfect condition . Am getting used to using the software , but takes time to get used to all the features.Take longer to do everything when you are old .
 Product came in the mail sooner than expected . The price was right . I would recommend this seller .
 Although I still had to download this and took along time , because something was wrong with the disc itself . The program is well worth the time and effort . There are a lot of things that are in different places but with time , I 'm sure everyone will find them . Some of the items are easier to find and are so much more helpful . We were going to go into town to buy this as it was on sale at a couple stores , but then I got the email from Amazon with their sale price and ordered it instead . Saved a bunch . Thanks Amazon.Yes , I would buy/recommend this again .
 I really liked what Microsoft have done with the 2007 edition . It takes a little time to find where everything is , but once you have explored it , you will realize how easy is to operate in this mode as compared to the older menu driven Office 2003 . Also the concept of home/student version with 3 installations is great . It makes is quite affordable and it 's a good way to prohibit piracy !
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 is what I wanted and recieved in a very timly manner . Ovel all good experience .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007Don ' t be afraid of PowerPoint ! Without reading any introductory information , and without using the HELP resource , I was able to prepare a presentation with pictures , titles , outline , and notes , easily and quickly . There is no learning curve !
 This version of Office is a good basic grouping of the most used software . I would recommend it to anyone who is not trying to do super fancy advanced projects . It is licensed to put on 3 separate computers which is a plus .
 Everything worked great . I had no trouble loading the software and it runs like a champ!Price was the best !!
 THis upgrades your Win XP version of OFFICE 2003 to Office 2007 . Simple to upgrade , and the new versions of Excel and Word really are cooler to use .
 I received the Office Home and Student 2007 Excel program timely and in good shape . I feel I got the best deal out there . Amazon provided all the sources and the best prices and I went for the least expensive and have no regrets .
 I had downloaded the trial version prior to buying the software and knew this is what I wanted.Microsoft wanted $ 40 bucks more than I could buy it for on Amazon.Same software same version , the only thing different was the cost !!!! Amazon was less expensive.I could n't be happier .
 I bought this for my daughter head to college and it was a good bargain .
 This was an excellent purchase . This product starts at $ 150 in the stores . I paid only half this price . The product came in its official packaging and delivery was fast . I was informed when the package was sent and the day I should be expecting it . Great customer service ! I will definately purchase another product in the future .
 The single disk was housed in a `` clever '' fool proof plastic box . I felt like a fool trying to get the blasted catches to unhook on the sides . I finally had to take some scissors to pry the things open on the side so the case could finally hinge open . Yep , I saw and cut the tougher than steel plastic tape holding the case closed . It was those insidious side catches that were like super glue . After that , it was an easy install on my Toshiba notebook with Vista . I did a clean install ; fresh . The software included the Word , Excel , Powerpoint , and OneNote programs . I did n't need Outlook so this was just what I needed . Works like a charm .
 Excel is a little less intuative in 2007 than the previous version . I prefer older Excel versions . The other programs seem to be refreshed in appearance , but the same user friendly type .
 This was a gift for my granddaughter . She is very happy with it . It is helping her with her schoolwork .
 The product is working as promised . It came in it 's original packing and was unopened as promised . I would recomend this item and seller .
 Going back to school at the age of 31 , found out I needed Microsoft Office to access most of my assignments on Blackboard . Of course I came to Amazon to get it , got it uploaded to my computer very quickly . It 's compatable with Vista , does exactly what I need . I 'm slowly learning the OneNote program . Overall great software .
 Great product . One has to have this if any computer work is done at home or school . Extremely easy to install . Many new features from earlier versions .
 Hey This Microsoft Windows 2007 is so good I have it and it is a better update than the 2003 one I had its easier too use and it looks more newer and the buttons are easier too use and very nice too use for a report or a project .
 MS Office Suite obviously dominates the document creation world . This product has helped tremendously through work on my BS and into my MBA .
 I DO N'T HAVE ANY BUSINESS BUT THIS PROGRAM SETUP HELPS ME TO MAINTAIN MY VARIOUS HOUSEHOLD WORKS
 I rcvd in good condition and am very happy with it . Happy I did not have to pay full price and it still has 3 uses on it . Thank You Very Much
 I have been using Microsoft office for many years . This latest version is terrific . It has allowed me to do away with quite a few of the other programs I was running enabling me to both save money in upgrades and make better use of my time .
 Having used MS Office Suite for work for many years and also having used SUN 's OpenOffice and StarOffices suites on my home PC , I was skeptical about using the Home & Student edition thinking it would have severely limited functionality . Much to my surprise , it appears to be almost a full blown Work and Excel implementation . Also , after experiencing the instability of OpenOffice and StarOffice for about 2 years , working with a very stable application is a real treat !
 The program was very esy to install , and really did n't take very long . Upon checking out the different programs included they looked easy to use and navigate . I really have n't used them much at this point since this is just for my home computer so I would have Word to open some documents I already had . I lost my old Word program when my Windows system had to be reinstalled last month . So far , so good !
 I love the program . The price on Amazon was afforadalbe and the item was shipped prompltly .
 Good product . Comes with uses for 3 computers . Great value since I got it for less than half the retail price .
 The package was shipped in a timely manner , although I had to go to the post office to pick it up since they could not leave it at my apartment .
 After much hesitation -LRB- and I even used `` Open Office '' for a while -RRB- , I finally gave in and bought and installed MS Office Home and Student 2007 . The reason for my hesitation was that I thought the cost was n't `` worth it '' for one computer but was happy to learn that the installation disc was valid for 3 different computers . I have one computer on its last legs and barely working , one new laptop , and a new one I have yet to buy.MS Office 07 at $ 69 was a good buy -LRB- usually costs at least $ 79 and sometimes even more -RRB- and I 'll not need a new computer -LRB- at a higher price -RRB- that has that program already installed so I 'll be saving there . As for the operation of the suite itself , that 's fine and it has somewhat improved features over the '03 version . I am a little vague about installing it on my external hard drive - I suppose that it counts as a `` computer installation '' but maybe not .
 I have used MS Office in earlier versions . I am dissappointed that there are so many changes that I can not ` find ' the new ` shortcut ? ' way to access things . It 's frustrating and takes time to either search or give up . I am a basic user and have not seen any ` improvements ' that I will use . .
 An improvement over older version.Need time to adapt to new icons etc. .
 Took a little while of find all of the features I was used to . I was using Office 2003 , but now that I have figured it all out , it 's really impressive . I use the Excel almost every day and love it . Great product .
 I only purchased this beacuse my daughter needed it to be compatible with the version the college was using . I 've only used it when I was initially setting up the connection to the home network printer . It took a little bit of getting used to since I was so into 2003 .
 I purchased this software as a Christmas gift . The recipient of the gift raves at how much she enjoys having the software on her home computer . Thanks , Amazon.com !
 Couldnt be more happy with the transaction , the delivery and followup . Actually i could - and it was that the product was authentic.Great job , I will be back -LRB- again ! -RRB-
 Office has always been one of my favorite Microsoft products , even though I always thought it had too much capability for the Home user . This 2007 edition tailored for the Home and Student user is perfect for me . Prior to this , I 've been using Office 2000 , but never used more than half of the features . The new look takes a little getting used to , but it 's worth it for the expansion of the features that I do use .
 This is a great product ! A little more difficult than previous Microsoft packages , however , very nice extras ! Everything most will need is included ! Highly recommended !
 I purchased the Microsoft Home and Student 2007 software because after researching various stores and websites , this was by far the best value I could find . The software usually sells for $ 149.00 , and most sale prices were $ 99.00 , so when I saw Amazon selling it for $ 79.00 , I was quite pleased . I received my purchase in a relatively short period of time , without any problems . I would definately do business with this seller again .
 I am very satisfied with the purchase of this product , especially the price . I am using every aspect of it . Thank you !
 Installed on two Vista laptops and one XP media center desktop . Installation was a snap and much easier than my last `` Office '' product . As some customers have noted , this is not a mirror image of older MS office , you have to get use to what you see and how to navigate it . About as easy as moving from Widows 95 to 98 to XP to Vista
 The product is very user friendly . You just click and you go directly to the application that you are about to use .
 I purchased this upgrade only because I was taking a required college course in how to use it . From the moment you open one of the programs such as Word or Excel , you KNOW there are differences . Everything looks different . I saw very few differences between say , 2000 and 2003 versions . If you are familiar with older versions , this one definitely takes some getting used to . However once you get the hang of where everything is located , it is much easier and far more intuitive than earlier versions . Do n't install this the night before a big project is due , you 'll get frustrated and probably never get your project done . Do install it when you have a little bit of time to play around with it and I think you will enjoy it immensely .
 Good value for the money . Came with a free upgrade offer for the 2010 version . Can use on 3 PC 's which is great .
 Cheap and well worth it . Though 2010 is out now and is much better . This one still rocks my socks off .
 I was still using Word 95 and this version is a whole diff world . No probs with setup . Appreciate new features such as inserting whold files into a MS. Recently took advantage of the upgrade to Office 2010 but that one has nt arrived and i 'm starting to wonder about it .
 produce was easy to install . I have had no problems using any of the programs thus far .
 It takes a while to learn where everything is , but it is usable and I think I am going to enjoy using it .
 What would we do without Office ? I shutter to think ! I ca n't wait for 2010 to come out !
 Since we started using it , things have been a little easier especially on my math homeworks . My mom and dad are excited about the features that they were hooked up for a while using it . Very user-friendly and easy-to-follow and understand . Thumbs up !
 This is very good if someone just needs the just exel , powerpoint , and word . Also comes with Onenote that is great for keeping notes for daily life .
 Expensive but had to have it since I 'm in school . Glad for free upgrade to 2010 version - took the sting out of paying a high price for a product code key !
 I love Word 2007 . I can do so much with it . It has made the documents that I have to create for work so easy and really professional looking . I was asked the other day , if one of the documents that I created was done in indesign , which is a professional graphic program.I love this product and would buy it again in a heartbeat .
 Very pleased with the speed of the delivery of the order . It was in excellent condition . It works perfectlly - ! Great product .
 As a student who mainly needed the Office software to compose papers and maybe build an occasional Powerpoint presentation , Office worked fine for my needs . I defer to the more technologically literate reviewers for a more detailed review of the belles and whistles of the Microsoft Office software .
 Product was what I wanted , but best of all it was delivered 3 days faster than was previously scheduled !
 I had the older version and needed the 2007 . it is just what I needed , I knew if I got it from Amazon the price would be fair and the service is great .
 This is my third order with Amazon.com each time I have been very pleased . The Microsoft software package that I purchased was priced lower than any other supplier that I could find . The condition of the product was excellent , the shipping was within three days . I will continue to order from Amazon.com when a product I need is available . I recommend Amazon to all.Bill
 `` Home and Student '' version has everything I would use and more , at a bargain price .
 I purchased this for my home computer . Amazon offered a great deal and I happy to have taken them up on the offer . I have used Word , Excel and Powerpoint since installing the program . Great produce !
 Product is very easy to installl . No lengthy instruction , just load and click.The description of the product could be more complete . Seeing ` student ' version is a cause for concern , as some past Microsoft student versions of software have been woefully incomplete .
 do not like new version of word , but excel is good . Both are much better than Microsoft Works .
 This product meets all my word processing , spreadsheet , and presentation document needs . I 've recently retired and am doing volunteer work . The transition from full professional to the home suite has been seamless . The new user friendly tool bars speed up typical tasks -- tables , charts , etc. . I recommend this product to anyone that needs to prepare and share documents with others .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007Product is good no fast delivery no problems
 I bought this product to use the Exel and Word programs and it issuper .
 Great price on a product that is a necessary but usually overpriced item . The deal on this Microsoft product should not be passed up . Thank you for the savings .
 I was not happy that I would have to update Microsoft Word when I made the jump from my XP machine -LRB- still using Office 2000 -RRB- to a laptop with Vista . I have absolutely no regrets . The 2007 version is intuitive enough for my ten year old to use , and I actually like this version of Word better than the 2000 version . It was well worth the investment for the home/student version .
 This product exceeded my expectations and my entire family is using it with success . I discovered the Notes and search sections and was very pleased with their depth and ease of use.Word 2007 is very intuitive and it is making my work much more effective
 This is by far the best version of Office yet . It looks amazing , works great , is easy to use as always and has everything you need for home , school , work etc all in one package at an affordable price . Very impressive .
 The product is good for the price . Vista keeps on shutting down and restarting .
 I appreciate the good service offered by Amazon . It made the process of upgrading my computer so convenient .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 has been a good tool for my needs . I 've used earlier editions but nothing compares to this one . Easy to use and very remarkable . Makes my work more professional and presentable . Very Highly Recommended
 The software was quite an improvement over the previous version I had . The Amazon process for purchase and delivery went smooth . They delivered ahead of schedule . The only flaw was that 3 weeks later they dropped the price almost $ 20 . Who knew ?! I would have waited ! Oh well !!
 Invaluable tool for writer 's and office work . Disappointed in the deletion of some of my favorite fonts in Word though .
 I do all the letter writing for our post American Legion Post 1029 in Island Park New York . Our letters look very professional with the help of this program . I just feel it was to costly for our post .
 Microsoft Office SB 2003 WIN32 for System Builders with Office 2007 Tech Guarantee CouponIt come when you said it would and I 'm very p ; eased with it 's preformance
 The product arrived several days after I originally expected it to and many days after the release . Other than that , the product is just what I expected .
 This product gives you the bare minimum essentials you need for your home PC/laptop . If you need JUST THE BASICS like Powerpoint , Word , and Excel , then Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 suffices .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 is a very good product . I have been using it to write my dissertation and it gives me more options than Microsoft 2003 . It appears to me that the spelling check is much more accurate . For other users that need the capabilities of a word processor that would insert tables and graphics , they will find more options too.The downside of this product at this point , it is that you need to be aware that not every body is using it yet . Therefore , you have to convert your document to an earlier version before sharing it with someone else . But , this is another advantage of this product as when you click on Save as , it gives you plenty of options without you having to scroll down as before.Hope this help
 The order was delivered on-time and as described in the ad . The software was just what I needed for my university projects , plus , I saved about $ 45.00 as compared to the price I would have paid at any of the three major wholesale stores where I had expected to buy the software package .
 It 's ok for the price . Probably not as good as the Proffessional edition but you get what you pay for !
 I have always liked MS Office products , particularly Word and Excell . The new layout of Word has me searching sometimes for functions , which annoys me . It 's a bit too clever , a little less functional . Wish they had the option for `` classic '' Word .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007After struggling with Office 2000 , for which there is little support any more , Office H&S ; 2007 is like a breath of fresh air - so far anyway.Seems to be relatively easy to figure out , and the price on Amazon was the best anywhere .
 I love the MS Office 2007 ; I just wish MS would stop changing location of Icons with every new version . MS just make it more complicated to use then ever before , they are trying to get the non-computer intellects an easier way to use their products , but it just makes it harder for the users that have to use it everyday .
 Loaded out and works just fine on my system that had only MS Works on it .
 Totally converted to this newest version - easy to use . Spend a little time with a tutorial and it 'll make all the difference .
 i purchased this product expecting it to arrive at my home in about a week or two but it arrived two days later ! and that was with the free standard shipping ! i will most definately be ordering more products from amazon.com ! the price was very affordable and much cheaper than it would have been if i bought it directly from microsoft .
 After using Microsoft Word professionally for many years , I had just purchased a home computer with Microsoft Vista 64 installed and figured I would try Microsoft Office Home Edition.This 2007 edition is totally different than the other releases . The menus are completely different , having to train myself where everything is . However , I was delighted to see the many Save and Print Options , such as saving to a previous release or to a PDF file . As I stumble through the new form of navigation , I see many more convenient features . I can hardly wait to start using Excel and Powerpoint .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007I 'm very satisfied receiving a new one that works .
 We needed this for a small municipal organization and are very pleased with the pricing and how easy it was to download . We 're still noodling around with it , but it has all the stuff we want
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007Very easy to install , excellent price and super fast shipping.Very easy to use . I have windows xp , so I needed to update somethings , word is a bit different but very easy to navigate . The rest is just a matter of playing around and learning it.Highly recommend it if you are going to school and do somethings around the house that need to be organized .
 Lots of new areas to find processing buttons . But once you get the hang of it , it 's smooth !
 My daughter is a Junior in High School and truly needed this and loves it . I however need her to show me how to use it !!!
 Great product with everything you need for the complete home office . I mainly use the microsoft word feature but eventually will be using Excel and PowerPoint . Not that difficult to use since it comes with help button . I will most likely keep this edition for years to come so in that respect I feel it is well worth the money .
 Navigating through this version of Word takes a lot of practice . Although I eventually found the common bullets and margin functions , I still get lost trying to find less commonly used features .
 Really fast shipping , love the discount . The format of 2007 is obviously very different from the previous one , but I think people should just get used to it if this is how it 's going to be from now on . All in all , it 's exactly what I expected and the shipping was really fast even though it was free !
 A + ! Love the upgrade features from previous versions . Easy install and easy to use !
 My first exposure to Word 2007 , have not used it much at this point but it was very easy to setup and the new additions are good and easy to use .
 Great price if you are a student ! The bundle is great and I like the new version of Word , after spending a few minutes figuring out where everything is now : P
 Erica Asahan Windows Review : I love all Microsoft software , but , the student2007 version was a mistake . Ofcourse I ca n't return it anymore .
 BEING A NOVICE , IT IS A LITTLE DIFFICULT TO USE , THIS IS MY FAULT THOUGH BECAUSE , I 'M JUST NOT A COMPUTER WIZ !
 Product was delivered as promised and at a considerable cost LESS than my local retailer . Thanks Amazon for great products at great prices !
 My order came very promptly and in perfect conditions . I was able to install my Microsoft Office Home and Student immediately and is working perfectly since then.I am very pleased with this purchase .
 I have the 2002 Microsoft Office set and wanted to upgrade to the 2007 set , especially the powerpoint resource . But I did n't want to pay too much for the 2007 set . Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 matched my requirements exactly . I expect to be giving Powerpoint lectures in the near future utilizing mini-hardware -LRB- computer and projector -RRB- , and wanted the latest available presentation software.I consider Microsoft Office the gold stansard for Office software for two main reasons :1 -RRB- It fufills about 60 % of all my office needs . The other 40 % is covered by other software .2 -RRB- It is the preferred destination of preliminary data manipulation software . For instance my OCR software directs its output to no other word processor but Microdoft Word .
 I received it in timely fashion . The price was reasonably cheap . The product works well . Highly recommended for such a level . If one 's budget allows for a higher version , this sight would most likely have a price tag that fits one 's budget .
 WOW the quick delivery on this package was remarkable . I was worried I 'd be home all day waiting for delivery . So very pleased . Quick and easy and package safely . So far so good . Will come back to write a review on the product itself . C u soon
 this is just what i needed ! i can now practice working in excel and powerpoint
 You can not beat the prices at Amazon . The software and Free delivery options for software is outstanding ! Items at stores are MUCH higher and Amazon beat them all .
 A great new update on the old one with all of the essential programs needed for school , college , or university success . A little different to the old one and be carefule to save files in both the old and the new format . The old format WILL NOT READ ? OPEN DOCS MADE IN THIS ONE !!!!!! Also the schools have yet to fully update either with a patch or the new version , so they can not read the new files either .
 I just got a new computer so I got the trial version of Office 2007 . I do n't like how I have to buy it but I guess that 's how it alway was.Initially I did n't even know how to approach this version of Office . I used Excel and Word -LRB- have n't played around with Powerpoint or Onenote much yet -RRB- and everything is so different . I had to use the help option to locate many things . But now that I 'm pretty used to Word , I 'm not sure how I can go back ... I 'm a college student and I write a lot of research papers that require references . So far , I feel the biggest advantage with Word O7 is the built-in citation , bibliography , and references option . Way back in high school I used to do everything myself , indenting , looking at guides for the format and that was an exhausting process . Then in college I used an online tool that does n't always fit , with a different font size and I still had to reformat everything . I really wish I had Word 07 back when I was a freshmen , because that 's tons of time I would have saved . For this reason alone , I do not want to go back.I 've never been too much of an Excel user since I do n't do a whole of graphing or calculating . However I recently had to create a comprehensive table that could calculat averages and other statistics . Before on other versions of Excel , I think you would need to know certain formulas -LRB- I may be mistaken because of lack of use -RRB- . However , Excel 07 is so user friendly , it has an entire tab dedicated to that , and calculations are just one click away . Also , creating nice looking graphs and tables are much easier , there is n't a need to mess around , because everything looks so professional right away.I think this is a classic case of the technology catching up with the idea . Office 07 is a great software but documents saved in this format can not be opened in older software models . This makes transfer , exchanging , and turning in my papers much more of a hassle . I have to remember to save everything in the . doc format , and I never do , so I two of every document in two different formats . It was n't a problem with the previous versions as I used Office 2000 for years without upgrading and opened 03 documents just fine . However , I believe once the rest of the world adjusts and uses this version , they would all grow to love it and just like me , ca n't go back . Once the technology catches up , there would n't be a compatibility issue -LRB- which I understand can be solved already abeit a bit of a hassle -RRB- . My trial is running low so I 'm going to pay Amazon 's cheaper price for it , and it is worth it .
 Mirosoft Office Home and Student 2007 is perfect for students of any age . It 's easy to use and has lots of extras .
 Very good and aseay to easy . Many upgrade compare to the older version . I got this in a no time waiting . Super fast shipppper ... Thank Amazon
 The new Word is great ; it 's been long over due . The new PowerPoint also has some nice features .
 I found the 2007 edition to be very well designed . I like the color schemes , much better distributed than previous versions and controls are also easier to use . Great product for home use .
 The product came as promised and was in a new box and worked very well .
 This was a smart software package purchase that allows the flexibility necessary to function in today 's world .
 I have been enjoying this product a great deal and look forward to learning more about its use .
 Great product , just what I needed . It only took about 5 minutes to load into my laptop .
 Microsoft Home and Student 2007 is so much easier to use than 2003 . It does take a while to get used to with using the ribbon and all but once you catch on , it 's a breeze . Lots of new features that make life easier and One Note is a great tool to use for taking notes and this and that .
 I am attending college now , our books and mattearls are produceds in word 2007 . My computer had only 2003 on it , so I ordered one . I receved it the next day and am to this time , very happy . It was also much cheaper than at the college bookstore . I no longer have resivations about on-line orders .
 There are a lot of handy shortcuts in this new version . It does take a little getting used to finding where all the menu items have been moved to . But once I find them , it really is easier.I have had one bug so far which is annoying . Everytime I close a microsoft word file , I get an error message , then it opens a new , blank page for me.Besides that , it 's great .
 This is the Microsoft suite that best fits my needs - at exactly the price I wanted to pay , considering the price `` big box '' stores wanted for the same product . I am extremely satisfied *****
 I upgraded from Office 2002 and there are many changes that will take time to get used to . They moved a bunch of stuff to new places so it will take time to find them .
 Needed this for my new HP laptop with Vista and I 've had no issues ! Great product !
 it is really a genuine software , no tricks & no troubles at all after i downloaded it ... & also i got it cheap compare to wal-mart . thanks for the amazon.com website ... you help people a lot to save money . . that is the most important facts that people would know ...
 Been playing with Home and Student 07 and I 'm finding it very nice to use . Had to find some new ways to do things , but they are easier and laid out better than the old way . Word was been a little challenging at first , but as I used it , I liked it more and more . Picked up the Office 2007 for dummies and have been learning more and enjoying it !
 I purchased this product because it was required for a college course I am taking . It was easily installed and has worked great . I really only needed the Excel portion but have learned to really appreciate the Word program as well .
 I find this a very adequate platform for my uses at home , though I would have enjoyed more this is quite useful and I would recommmend.The service and delivery from this store at Amazon was terrific.Enjoy CB
 Not only was this $ 150 + less than buying it in the store , but it arrived early and in excellent condition . This is not the only time I 've purchased from Amazon and it wo n't be the last .
 This is an excellent seller . I received my purchase within 3 days and it was just what I wanted . I would not hesitate to buy from this seller again and highly recommend anyone doing business with him .
 This is the best update so far of the Microsoft Office programs , especially Word . This software is a must-have for any student and anyone who creates memos , letters , spreadsheets , or slideshow presentations . I highly recommend it , even to those folks who do not consider themselves to be a genius at the computer . These updated programs are easy to use and worth the money !
 I 'm a fiction writer and after years of having the small business version of Microsoft Office 2003 , when I upgraded I realized I did n't really need all the things that came with the full set . All I need , really , is the word processor , and this inexpensive version has the complete Word version available on the more expensive sets . Mission Accomplished !
 I was skeptical about this new system . Heard how hard it was to use . I found it to be just the opposite . It is user friendly and I love it . I received a trial version with a new laptop I purchased . It gave me time to use it , get comfortable with it and I would definitely buy it again .
 The product was shipped to me in a timely manner and I am very pleased with its performance . The reason I chose to buy Microsoft Office from Amazon.com was because they offer the best price around , especially since it qualified for free shipping !
 When I received Microsoft office home and student it was very easy to install . Everything opened up and it was installed within minutes . It 's much easier for me to do reports , editing , and saving my documents in all types of files . The powerpoints are easier to make also . Its a great product when you 're doing your projects .
 I really like the new `` OneNote '' software that is included in this package . It 's great for students or researchers ! It 's like Word and Excel combined into one ! I 'm still getting used to the bubbles and ribbons in the new software and finding stuff .
 I waited and waited to upgrade . Mircosoft on line is fabulous for overcoming the learning curve . Tutorials and help are great . I am enjoying this product and glad that I finally took the step .
 I know how to use the older full versions . This has changed a lot , so you will have to learn how to use it . Its worth the money .
 The product was exactly what I expected ; however , I ended up purchasing a new computer which already had this installed so I ended up not needing it afterall . I do appreciate your assistance in allowing me to return said item . As always , I am truly happy with the service I receive from your organization . Keep up the good work .
 I have been using Office 2000 and 2003 for a long time and finally decided I needed to try 2007 . Purchasing this through Amazon.com saved me around $ 50.00 and made trying it a lot better . I am very satisfied with the product so far and all of my purchases through Amazon.com
 For anby serious user of software for personal or professional use , an office suite is a necessity in my opinion .
 I only wanted the Word processor of this product , but this was the only way I could purchase it . I do n't really need the other programs that come with it . However , I am very pleased with the product . It does everything I need . I received exactly what I was expecting , and the price was the best I could find . The delivery on this item was quite prompt . I am extremely satisfied .
 Had to get a progam so I could work on resumes and save them in a format that would work to get to prospective employers . This program was all I needed and fits me to a t. No problems . . yet . . have had for about 1 month . Excel and Powerpoint are good . . if you need something inexpensive and basic ... this is good . local stores had for 150.00 ... so this was an awesome deal .
 For less than half the retail price , I received all of the Microsoft software I required .
 I was very pleased with the product . It was exactly what I ordered and works great . But I was most impressed with the fast delivery . I could n't believe how fast I got it . Thanks for the great service .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 - complete packageI had office 2007 on my new computer , but the trial had expired . I did not really need every feature so I chose the home and student version . It arrived several days before the projected ship date and it was easy to install !
 I got the product for a great price , no problems whatsoever . I recommend getting this product versus going to best buy or walmart and spending more .
 I am always happy with the service I get from Amazon and its sellers . The products are good and I get them without too much of a wait .
 This unfortunatly will be brief . I purchased this program for my kids at the beginning of the school year . My oldest son -LRB- 12 -RRB- says it is really user friendly ! Really simple to use . We had another similer microsoft program which my wife enjoyed because it had `` publisher '' included . Shes not crazy about MOHS 2007 , she says you just got to get used to the new format . But it was purchased for the `` kids '' so if they think its better to use , good enough !
 I was looking for an office for my home computer -LRB- I 'm not into pirating -RRB- and was surprised to find I could buy the 2007 version for cheaper than the 2003 version . I was hesistant to use the new version as I heard it was confusing to use . I am running Windows XP and I use MS Office 2003 at work.First off I could n't find the save or print button in Excel . This was a little embarrasing but I quickly discovered these general functions where all under a single menu brought up by clicking an Office Icon . The menus are not pulldown types . Once you click on them it leaves the entire header with options from that particular menu . For example in Excel you can choose the Formulas menu and the header changes to include a bunch of formula categories and other related options . I found this quite handy . I also enjoy the new look.Although I ca n't list them all , there are several options that Office has improved upon , including the sort function . They are better an easier to use . It 's not enough improvement to run out and buy if you already have Office 2003 , but if you do n't have anything , or are using Works or Open Office -LRB- I love open source but Open Office has a lot of catching up to do -RRB- , this is well worth the investment .
 First I have to say ... good luck getting to the software because the case is very difficult to open.The product is very different for experienced Microsoft Office users who have been used to Office 2003 . It will take a few weeks to get used to it , so if you have classes that need the use any of the Office 2007 program , keep your 2003 software until you feel comfortable using the 2007 software . Some features are off the wall when trying to find what you need.Otherwise , the product is very nicely setup .
 It was easy to load and easy to use . New edition is slightly different than old and takes a little getting use to .
 I got this on sale for 90 $ new . A great deal when comparing to the high cost of the other versions of office 07 . Personally , I do n't mind the lack of outlook as I use a -LRB- more secure -RRB- web-based service to handle my email needs anyway . I like the hard case packaging also . I think MS did a good job w / Office 2007 and the home/student version has everything a typical person will need for home use .
 This product does what it says . There was a greater learning curve between using this MS Word edition and the last one I used . I did have to call Microsoft to help get it functioning properly because my old version of Word did n't erase completely . They were helpful and I loved that you get a couple months free tech support . That 's the best thing about it because that 's when you 'll most likely have installation issues , etc. . I honestly have n't used anything but Word from this package yet .
 I recently upgraded to Office 2007 and it was money well spent . The new tabbed `` Ribbons '' logically organize similar commands together making navigation easy . There is a bit of a learning curve but I found the help menu to actually be helpful . It did n't take too long to learn how to use the new features and from a productivity stand point , it was well worth the time . I have to hand it to Microsoft - they got this one right .
 I keep our family medical and budget in Excel ; we use MS Word for documents and family history . I use Powerpoint for my quilt patterns which I scan into Paint and copy to Powerpoint . So far we have been able to do everything with this software as with the older version we had on an older computer . This product is great ! We would highly recommend it . Also , I ca n't see any limitations on this software when I compare it to what I had at work before I retired .
 Ordering/Delivery/etc was flawless ... good job Amazon.New interface is nice looking across the board . The floating formating tools are nice to have right there . Some nice customization capabilities . Some nice new features in Office 2007 -LRB- most notably in Excel -RRB- . PDF export is great.Stuff is not much easier to find than before ... and the stuff that I had gotten used to in the old products is now hard to find too ! It may get better after months of use but I am still searching for where stuff is after 3 weeks of using Excel , PowerPoint and Word.I also use OneNote ... and like that . Very nice and the fact that I can link it to my PDA is useful .
 The product arrived in a box sealed and brand new condition as advertised . Delivery took a few days longer than I expected but it was worth the wait . I saved over 50 bux !!!
 Timberline Outfitter 6This product was a good buy it was about 70.00 cheaper on amazon.com.It was delivered on the date they said it would be too .
 Microsoft seems to be the company a lot of folks love to hate . However , I think they did an exceptional job with the Office 2007 upgrade and its a fine improvement over the 2003 version . The big benefits are the expanded toolbar -LRB- ribbon -RRB- and the real time previews . Both features save a lot of time and make for a nice work environment ... especially if you have a good size monitor .
 I was working on Windows 2003 . I guess I was used to that version and this one looks a bit different . Knowing commands certainly helped since I never found the print button . But you cant beat the price either !
 2007 version is different than the earlier versions with which I was familiar and comfortable but as I use the 2007 I find it fairly easy and well layed out . Got the best price on Amazon and recieved it in 3 days in perpect condition . I am a very happy camper .
 I decided to get Microsoft home and office because I needed an upgrade for my pc . I currently had WordPerfect . -LRB- Which I could not stand ! -RRB- This program helped me with my paper assignments , powerpoint and excel sheets that I needed for both school and work . Another benefit was that this program also spell checks in other languages , which is a big plus for me since I write papers in Spanish . -LRB- the spell checker picks up the accents that some words require -RRB- . This program is very user friendly and has many tools to help make charts and graphs , even if it is your first time doing them on a computer . I would definetly recommend to others !
 The new ribbons are fabulous.Takes a while to get the intuitive feel for the thinking behind the new interface , as with any new release of software . However , when you do , it really speeds up your work.Word changes are fabulous , and Excel is even better - the biggest upgrade of the three . Outlook -LRB- I got the Standard edition -RRB- is also full of several new nice features.Well worth the cost to upgrade .
 The previous reviews accurately describe the product , so I 'll just add my two cents . The ribbon is more efficient , and I 'm not opposed to new technology . I just wish they did n't choose this time to cram it down our throats . It would be nice if the product allowed a person to use the classic tool bar while becoming familiar with the ribbon . You can avoid it at home , but your office is probably going to buy it and leave you little choice but to get used to it.Fortunately , Amazon ships this product to the APO because an attempt to purchase from MicroSoft through their Digital River distributor leads to nothing but frustration . Their application for entering a billing address thoughtfully includes AE and such in the drop down list for the state , but it keeps deleting APO or DPO from the field where a person would enter those letters for the city . It expects a city 's name that you would find on a map . They make it impossible to sell to a person who has an APO -LRB- or DPO -RRB- billing address . You have to get the run-around from them , though , to learn this lesson.The price today -LRB- $ 60 -RRB- is the same as the `` Ultimate Steal '' -LRB- google it -RRB- , so you could save yourself the trouble and just buy it through Amazon .
 I will admit , I was a bit nervous about using Office 2007 as it was released at the same time as the whole Vista debacle . Fear not . I bought Office 2007 Home and Student edition for my wife who is going to school online . I have been using Office since Office 95 and I think this is the most significant upgrade since Office 97 . Previously I had been using Office XP , but after I bought a new laptop with Vista 2 years ago , which I subsequently upgraded to Windows 7 I thought it was time for a change . Office XP seemed to have a few glitches on the newer versions of Windows , namely Outlook not saving passwords and while this is n't Windows specific , it also had issues with the new daylight saving time rules . While this edition does not include Outlook , it is not a big deal for me since I can simply use Windows Mail or Thunderbird.The new interface is an improvement . Yes it does take some time to get used to especially if you have spent significant amounts of time learning/using older versions of Office . It took me about a half hour to get used to it . Plus the help system is excellent for those hard to find features.Clippy has finally been banished ! I ca n't tell you how much I hated that stupid animated paper clip.I would have to say that while the whole suite has been significantly upgraded that Excel and PowerPoint have been improved the most . I used to be in charge of putting the lyrics to songs in a presentation each week for my church group using PowerPoint and I seriously could do it in half the the time now . I took an `` expert level '' Excel class written for Excel 2002 and had 2007 been out at the time , again it would have been a huge time saver.The only drawback I can see to this suite is that if you are using Windows XP , speech recognition has been removed from Office and become a feature of Vista or later . I do n't use that feature and I run Windows 7 so it does n't affect me . Also be aware that the new file formats that Office uses by default now are only readable by Office 2007 . So if you need to share files with people using Office 2003 or earlier , just make sure to save using the * . doc format , not * . docx.Some people have complained about the speed on even high end hardware . I do n't find Office 2007 to be any slower than Office XP , in fact I find the opposite to be the case . I guess as long as you keep Windows and Office up to date through Windows Update you will be fine.I would highly recommend you download the free 60 day trial version -LRB- which is full featured , not `` crippled '' -RRB- to see how it works for you , then you can buy it at a later date . That is what we did . Also , the Home edition can be installed on up to 3 computers , another selling point for me as Office XP was locked down to my machine.I should probably make it known that I am neither a Microsoft employee or a shareholder so I have no agenda behind my positive review of this product .
 I 've tried . I really have . But , I hate the `` ribbon '' . It 's telling that Microsoft places a `` Hide the Ribbon '' command prominently
 I like the license for this product -LRB- you can install this on up to 3 machines , which is great now that my kids `` need '' office software for school projects -RRB- . I am still not a big fan of the `` Ribbons '' , which are the user interface tools that Microsoft Office now uses instead of menus and toolbars . If you were proficient at a previous version of Office , the Ribbons are NOT as intuitive as they would have you believe -LRB- it is a strange feeling , to be sitting there thinking I know exactly what I want to do , but I ca n't find the command -RRB- . The ribbons are not as customizable as the old menus and toolbars were in previous versions . I believe that I will get use to them and I would guess that a new user would have no problem with them.Aside from the Ribbon bars , the rest of the suite seems very similar to previous versions that I am familiar with . I do n't think that I would purchase this as an upgrade , but this was good for me because I did not previously have a personal version of Office -LRB- only had it on my work machine -RRB- .
 I first downloaded the 2007 version about 2 years ago and at first I HATED it ! But I continued to use it because the Microsoft Office Online page -LRB- where you can donload templates -RRB- had pretty much zero 2003 templates left , all was 2007 . So I stuck with it , sat there and played with it , learning all the new features . It really did take some time to get used to , and it is sometimes really aggravating because where one tool was located in the menu on 2003 and now placed somewhere else completely . Also , make sure you either save you document as . doc unless you know that the person receiveing the document has microsoft 2007 , otherwise they will not be able to open the document because just clicking on save , you save the document as . docx and only 2007 users can open this document . BUT you can save the document in other formats easy.I see a lot of people do not like the 2007 version , I personally love it and would NEVER go back to 2003 . My computer crashed and I lost the 2007 version that was on there , the guy that restored my computer only had 2003 , I quickly went out and bought 2007 all over again because I just could not navigate through 2003 anymore , couldnt stand it ! It grows on you , it takes some getting used to , especially when it comes to microsoft word , but you will love it ! Promise !
 I am new to using any word software and this is my first and it is really fun and easy to manage and use . thanks
 I purchased this primarily for the new versions of Word and Excel.Microsoft did an excellent job in transforming the Office interface into something truly attractive and intuitive.Things I like : The tabbed menus on the Ribbon make navigating a snap . Some of the more obscure menus and commands are context-smart , staying out of sight until they are needed . So you can do anything you want pretty quick , but the interface stays clean , clear and uncluttered . Nice.In many cases , you can hover your mouse over a formatting option and see the effect it would have on your content before you commit.When you install the applications you can add a Get Started tab that hooks you up to lots of helpful information on the Microsoft website.From what I 've read , aside from the aesthetic changes , there have also been major improvements `` under the hood '' , but honestly , these programs have always done far more than anything the typical user will probably ever need.The 2007 edition now makes the work a pleasure .
 I do n't know if I like this version . I have used it for some time now and I still have trouble finding things I want to implement or use . I think it is too complicated .
 I needed to replace software on my laptop and found this on Amazon . Good price , shipped when they said and arrived in good condition.I 'm a satisfied customer
 This item without `` outlook '' , but with `` OneNote '' . It is okay for general purposes at home , we do n't have any choice nowadays.The price is still acceptable.If MS produces another version between MS Office -LRB- pay-version -RRB- & MS Works -LRB- free-version -RRB- with more cheaper price , it will be much better .
 This product was well worth what I paid for it , because it was really expensive compared to every where I looked . I love it because I use microsoft word a lot . I have not had any problems with this product so if you looking to purchase at a great price this is the one you should get .
 This item is awesome . I recieved the package , looked for the activation and did n't need to insert the CD . Since I had a trail version installed on my laptop , all I needed was the activation key . If anything I 'll use the CD for my desktop computer . It worked and I now have all Microsoft Office Suites for my laptop . Could n't ask for more . Product was as described .
 These are your standard microsoft office utitlities , except updated . I still havent decide whether I like the previous version or this newer version better , but as far as keeping up with technology and what is expected these versions are great . This product is necessary for schooling for anyone going to college and for most in high school .
 This may not be the correct forum . But I had trouble installing this software , like so many others . error code 1311 . I finally put in the old office CD & the new software finally finished . Drove me nuts for a while . Hope this helps.I agree with others that MS changed too much of the UI . It 's like a temporary road block to your production , till the learning curve is finished . I gave it 4 stars because I like what I have relearned so far . Should be alright in the end . If you like 2003 , why bother tho . I read the reviews and did it anyway .
 good it works great condition , great for students , good for homework , works for up to 3 computers , cant go wrong with old .
 With over 20 years using computer applications , I have logged time on the best , and some of the worst . MS Office is a good suite , but it is definitely not the only kid on the block . I was a longtime user ofCorel WordPerfect Suite 8because WordPerfect was the ORIGINAL WYSIWYG word processor back in the old days -LRB- before mice , when most of the desk was consumed by monitor -RRB- . To date , I have not worked with presentations . A requirement for submitting my work necessitated the change to the MS product.MS Word translated my old WordPerfect files quite well , with only minor problems interpreting WP 's Widow/Orphan page breaks as MS Word section breaks . When several of those translated files were brought together into one large file , however , I found that Word dropped all my italics , and I had to go back through the whole file and re-italicize . Otherwise , Word seems to do everything WordPerfect did , and has some other nice features.Excel , on the other hand , made no attempt whatever to translate my Quattro Pro files , including those whose cell contents were only text . This meant re-creating all my spreadsheets . The upside ? It gave me the opportunity to add some improvements . Excel has all the functionality of Quattro Pro , even if there is a learning curve in finding where those are located on the toolbars . The toolbar layout is fairly intuitive , so after using those functions a few times , life is good once more . I particularly like the ease of performing one operation on several sheets at once -LRB- a budget workbook , for instance , with one annual sheet and 12 monthly sheets -RRB- . Also , after pasting from one sheet to another , pasting column widths is a blessing undreamed of.All in all , MS Office Home and Student 2007 is a good product for the money , and I would recommend it for anyone who must follow the rest of the flock using MS products ... they still are n't the ONLY kid on the block .
 WE recieved the product in short time and it was all that the reviews said it was . We only needed certain parts of the office and that is what we are using . Will order from you again . Al at EDH Solar Electric
 First of all -LRB- and most importantly -RRB- I could n't believe the price ! It is almost HALF of what it is currently offered anywhere else -LRB- WalMart , Best Buy , Microsoft.com all offer it for approx $ 150 and amazon.com has it for approx $ 85 ! -RRB- . I was a little skeptical about buying it at such a reduced price . I was afraid that it did n't include something that the other `` full price '' version had . I should n't have even worried . It is EXACTLY the same product as others are selling ! It 's amazing ! I do n't think you 'll find a lower price anywhere else for this product!OK . Enough of that . About the software . It is definitely an upgrade and Excel especially has a different look and feel to it , although I ca n't see where there 's a whole lot of difference in the functionality . The formulas for Excel are all organized alot more neatly although the other buttons at the top seem to be more scattered . Word and PowerPoint are basically the same as the previous versions except they have been given the same `` tabbed menu interface '' that Excel is now sporting . The tabs are going to take some getting used to but I know that once I get used to it , I will like it alot better because when you click on the tabs , the options are more spread out and even give you word and picture descriptions of what task each button performs.I have never used OneNote before , but it gives a very nice introduction once you open it up for the first time . It tells you all about what it does and even gives you some interactive examples on how to use it . I am currently going back to college to get another degree so this may help me with my notetaking -LRB- or help me with my lack of notetaking ability -RRB- . Here is a brief statement that comes up when you open up the program for the first time : OneNote is a place for gathering , organizing , searching , and sharing notes , clippings , thoughts , reference materials , and other information . All your notes will be visible here -- organized by notebooks , sections , and pages.Overall I like the look and feel of the 2007 Office version as compared to previous versions . I think the addition of the Microsoft OneNote is definitely a good one since this is the Office Home and Student Edition and most likely if you are looking to purchase this , you are a student .
 I had been using a 2003 version of this program and was hesitant to upgrade . Because of the price of the 2007 version , however , I could n't refuse the offer and I am glad that I made that decision.I 'm 70 years old I use my computer daily and previously had used it in my business as a Realtor.The 2007 version was easy to install and once in place , I have found it easy to navigate the program to accomplish what I need.I give it a five-star rating and highly recommend it to others.A happy user , Chino Hills CA
 This product is wonderful . I have used office for years and each time they update it they do a wonderful job . It is the ideal poduct to use for home and school .
 Great service ! Product was received in good condition , sans the original box but had the code on the CD itself . Works well ! Definitely worth the money I spent , and thankfully at a reduced price ! Thanks !
 I am still learning all the areas this application offers but so far so good .
 I priced this at Sam 's Club for $ 30.00 more . Plus elsewhere for up to $ 299.99 through the company on my laptop.Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007I am so glad I saw the ad on AOL . Amazon.com is great . I have order a lot of stuff through them books , DVD 's , programs , etc. . You name it , they have , I have ordered it . They have always had it and shipped it right away . THEY ARE GREAT !!
 The children needed it for school and it does what is says on the box so now they do n't have file format issues from using 2003 .
 Definitely a change from 2003 ! I am taking an online Microsoft Word class for a degree requirement and I have learned all the new tricks to 2007 and I like the way it is set up and the way it runs . Have patience with it to learn it , and you will too !
 I got the product I wanted at a price far less than I would have paid locally . No problems with installation on my XP or my Vista loaded pc 's .
 I 've been using Office 2000 until my purchase of this one . I never knew all the inprovements I was missing.I was able to catch it on sale and am very happy with the price as well as the product .
 I like my new Office student package . It is very useful for my school work .
 Product arrived quickly as described . Purchased for my college daughter 's laptop . It was easy to install and is very user friendly .
 great response from vendor . purchased item less expensive than would have been from Microsoft even on sale with new laptop discount . thx , Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007
 Received item as described.I really like the OneNote application . It 's new for me but after I read its intro and functions , I think it would be very useful for me .
 Recieved it promptly , had no trouble installing it and so far it 's doing great . The price was much better at Amazon , than anywhere else . I am somewhat a computer novice and would enjoy more information about your products , other than just the bare bones . Still do not understand where , when and with whom I can share my licenses . Boy , Microsoft does not like the fact that I did not buy from them . They will not help in with problems or licenses . Thanks , EAW
 Fair purchase . CD has 3 licenses and i used it to repair my trial installation of Word . Works fine now .
 This product was everything that I had expected it to be . Service was great . No problems at all .
 Office 2007 makes many office tasks easier and more intuitive . It is also full of many visualy pleasing tools for photos etc. . . Best version of office yet !
 i thought it took a little longer than I thought to get the product ... but over all . It was intact and in great condition !
 I had no doubt about MS Ofice , I have used several upgraded versions for years . Amazons 's handlingof the order was without a flaw , and the price was the best I had gotten from legitimate sources , some prices were very slightly better but looked questionable , or even shady .
 Product was delivered fast . You will find some improvements over the old version , overall pretty good .
 At first I did not like how different this was , but after I became familiar with it I like it . However , it is difficult to figure out some advanced options that I knew of before Office 2007 .
 The Microsoft office home and student 2007 program has been very helpful , it has all the necessary tools to create documents , spreadsheets , etc.My wife and I are using the product almost every day .
 I ordered this product thru Amazon ... is easy , fast and very convenient . I was able to track my package and it actually arrived on time . I love It !! the service is great and I did not experience any problems with the product . I 'm very satisfied with the whole process .
 I did not want to move to Office 2007 , the ability to sort based on cell color is what drove me to it . After a month or so of struggling with it , I began to get use to the interface at the top and now find it fairly intuitive .
 For previous office uses it will take little time to learn how to use and you may really like the new menu tabs.New users should be able to use it quickly as well.Some things are not as easily customizable -LRB- ribbon menu -RRB- . If you do n't need the new features or expanted capabilities you may not want to upgrade . But the new featuures and capabilities are nice -LRB- million row limit in excel is nice -RRB- .
 The product arrived quickly but it did n't seem `` LIKE NEW '' . The product key worked just fine , and the CD looked OK , but for a NEW product the plastic case was cracked , scratched and looked like it had packing tape all over it and was removed . The case is very sticky and is scuffed up . The important thing is the software and it is fine and I am able to use the product .
 The MS Office suite upgrade is a required package in order to provide access to previously created files . To date I have had no problems with the upgrade.Amazon.com has always given me excellent service and quality products .
 I received the product in a timely fashion and it was brand new and sealed in it 's orignal packaging . This transaction was smooth .
 This Microsoft product met all my expectations . It was easy to install , everything worked , and it is user friendly .
 I absolutely love the new Office 2007 . It has improved greatly from the previous versions . Although it takes a short time to adjust to the new format , it is worth it .
 I had gotten this product to update my old Office XP program . This program is much easier to use and does n't lock up my system like the old one did . I especially love the OneNote program . It is very handy for taking notes and saving snap shots off the Internet when doing research of any kind .
 This version has all the functionality of the previous Office suites , but it adds things a student will love , like an automatic bibliography for papers and OneNote which is perfect for studying .
 I did not get the right version as I really wanted Standard that includes Outlook . I doubt I will use notes . Oh well , my bad .
 This product is well worth the price tag . It is a must for college bound students .
 This product is a very easy product to adjust to . Adjustment however is what you will have to do because the basic functions are not under the standard menu as previous versions . It can be a little fustrating in the beginning but overall is a good product .
 I update from Office XP , and it has help me a lot making my way easier . I would recommend it big time .
 This is a very good product , I love the tutorial that comes with the product . There are soooo many features with Microsoft Home & Student , that will keep any student prepared for school and any person working from home very organized.My only drawback is the disappointment after paying $ 150 for the software that there are no upgrades to the 2007 Home and Student software .
 I absolutely love this product . It makes it easy to create documents and the templates are great . You should really try out this product . It 's worth it .
 A good product at a good price and it arrived a couple days ahead of schedule .
 I love the multiple PC pricing - but at this point it feels like microsoft has once again gone backward in terms of ` ease of use ' .
 This Vista version of microsoft office -LRB- 2007 -RRB- has lots of new bells and whistles that take some time to get used to . In particular , saving files as docx and emailing to friends w/o word 2007 can cause havoc . Otherwise it seems OK and I am getting used to it
 This is a decent product . It runs smoothly . The new interface took some time to get used to , but I like the change from Office 2003 . The equation input in 2007 is much better and allows for more complex equations . This is a good deal for math and physics students .
 You can load this on 3 machines . The new Office has a learning curve but it 's a good program .
 What can you say . You have to own these overpriced software titles to do anything on your new computers . Today 's new machines come with a trial version but not the full suite . What is a computer without the basic software tools to run on it ? Nothing spectacular about this version over previous versions . I give it five stars only because it is a good product for what it does . But it only does Word , Excel , Powerpoint , and Onenote . Nothing spectacular for 150 bucks . Get it on sale like I did and you 'd still be paying 120 dollars . OVERPRICED !!
 I received the product as expected . It was very easy to install -LRB- I 'm not very tech savy -RRB- . It worked great for my notebook since I did n't purchase it with a CD drive . Highly recommend it to anyone working with documents .
 MIcrosoft Office is an outstanding resource that is delivered to most new computers and notebooks , but the software is only a temp . application and will be terminated after a trial period . I chose to continue using the software .
 Finally `` upgraded '' from office 2000 . Feels more like a new product given the differences from 2000 , had to go through a bit of learning curve . Not a very heavy word user but do use powerpoint and excel -LRB- particularly graphing feature -RRB- . Tried other free services such as openoffice and googledocs , which will work for light use , but found that presentation and spreadsheet features are fairly limited , less user-friendly and/or not powerful enough . The sale price finally sealed the deal for MS office - always thought office products were a bit over-priced .
 Very pleased with the product . We were using the trial version , delighted when this great deal came across Amazon just in time for Christmas . All products are easy to use and very helpful in home or business functions .
 This program is taking a little time to navigate through . The toolbars are not the same as the old and take a while to get familiar with .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student works great in my new windows 7 laptop and the software is a great valve .
 Excellent software for a very fair price ... did n't break my bank . I needed that great price , especially at the HOLIDAY season . Now I can handle some very needed work !
 This is a very nice disc . The problem was getting the spell check to work properly .
 I changed computers and had Office Pro on my old system . This did n't skip a beat and did everything that I needed it to .
 It 's office . It 's good . Everything you need for a home pc and the price is lower than other sources I checked .
 I already had Office 2002 and needed an upgrade badly . I am so glad that I did -- as I like Office 2007 's layout . I also got a great deal from Amazon on this product .
 It is great for students to use and to learn but it lacks some of the things needed for a small bussiness office and office work . Some of the programs are a shorter verion than the regular office product . Other than that as I said it is a great tool for students to learn what Office is and how it works
 Needed this next day due to a class I was taking , received next day as promised . Works great .
 I got this when it was $ 69.99 . At that price , being it 's a Microsoft product and it 's three copies of said product , you pretty much have to consider it as ` free ' . There 's not much from MS that you can buy three of for $ 69 . I actually do like this 2007 version . The interface is definitely easier than previous versions . There 's just a slight learning curve of where things are .
 The product was easy to install and works as advertised . One word to Microsoft . Please reduce the plastic packaging . There is tremendous waste in all the plastic you used to surround one little disk . Try being more Green and responsible for our planet .
 The program I received was brand new and in perfect condition . Amazon had it at a fraction of the cost of other retailers . Perfect in these tough times !
 I really like the 3-computer license . I also used the `` no CD '' option during the installation on one of my computers . You can download the files directly from Microsoft .
 I mostly bought the package for Microsoft Word , though I 'm sure that Excel and PowerPoint will become handy for me down the road , and OneNote looks interesting . This is my first time using this newer version of the software , and there are certainly some changes , but mostly just with how you access various functions -LRB- easier , I 'd say -RRB- . I did have a little bit of grief with it doing some auto-formatting for me that I did not want , but eventually got it to go my way . I 'm sure with just a bit more use I 'll figure out how to control that better .
 The product was received immediately and works without any issues . I am very pleased with the result .
 Product came on time and is exactly what I wanted , needed and more . Recomend to everyone .
 So far I have enjoyed this product very much . I have had no problems at all .
 This is the perfect basic Office suite for the PRICE . Times are obviously tough , so knowing these programs and having a good resume -LRB- which you can creat with MS Word -RRB- is a huge advantage . I do not see ANY reason for a less than perfect review . OneNote is an interesting program which is new to me but it 's pretty cool.Everyones PC is different in some way so a good performing PC should be able to utilize the full experience smoothly .
 I 'm very happy with the product ... which I knew I would be ... I 'm very please with getting the product which I did n't know if I would . Our street address is hard to find and after getting the product back I got a phone call and it was sent to my mailing address which is what I get done as often as I can . Thank you for working with me to get what I wanted !!!
 The word program works great , thats all I wanted , and once I got used to the new concept of the layout -- still trying to figure out how to do stuff -- it 's more like rifling thru a tabbed file drawer than digging in a box . Once you learn where everything is ... I 'm sure there were instructions but who reads those?I like that everything is out where you can see it and it 's a fast shift from one action to another ihnstead of opening and closing a series of windows . I love it .
 Needed to upgrade from older versions of Office and this worked out just right . For the price , you can install this on 3 computers , which was just what I needed.Using 2007 is a little bit different than Office 2003 but was not hard to adjust.Also , I like being able to add the function for creating PDF files for no extra cost .
 The product was delivered in a timely manner . It was just as I expected . Great experience .
 I received my order in the time that I was supposed to and found it to be what I ordered . I was very surprised when I received an email that told me I could up grade to the same program in the 2010 from Amazon through Microsoft . Very happy . Thanks for the great service .
 I like this product . I had it before and lost it when I needed to do a system restore back to factory a few months ago . I 'm glad I have it back now .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student is perfect for my needs because I just wanted a program that has great features and tools to create some basic to advanced documents without having overkill . I really did n't want or need any of the other features some of the other versions contain but all wanted was Word , Excel and PowerPoint and I actually got a Bonus of it having OneNote . I would highly recommend this product , a plus is that the price is right !!! Thanks Microsoft for having a basic product that has quality . Thanks Amazon for carrying this product at a great price.Donna
 I chose to purchase the Home & Student version of this software because it was much more affordable than the entire office suite and had the applications that I needed . Why pay more for applications that I 'm not going to use ??
 Takes a little bit to get used to the `` ribbon '' toolbars . Helpful in writing papers . Lots of good features for all . Note
 I have been waiting to up-grade to see how Vista went . I had my doubts . I decided to upgrade to Windows 7 and Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 to complement it . I have a new computer !
 Shipping was fast and customer service was excellent . I would definately buy from this shipper again .
 To be frank , I am enjoying the MS Office Home & Student 2007 . This version is so sophisticated that I sometimes find it difficult to use . As for the Onenote , to be honest I do n't known it yet properly . I found it very useful for higer eduction student .
 I PURCHASED THE FOR MY NIECE WHOSE BIRTHDAY WAS JUST LAST WEEK SO I HAD TO WAIT TO SEE HOW IT WOULD BE FOR HER TO USE FOR SCHOOLWORK . SHE SAID SHE LOVED IT AND THE PROCSS OF BUYING IT WAS SO EASY AND CHEAPER THAN ANY OTHER PLACE I CHECKED . THANKS FOR SUCH GREAT SERVICE ...
 Everyone pretty much knows what this product is and does . Nothing new to report there . However , normally it is ridiculously expensive . I really appreciate the more reasonable price I got it for .
 I purchased Microsoft Office Home and Student for my college classes online . It has been a true Godsend . The programs are easy to use and make writing papers and doing citations a breeze . I have used older versions of this product , but nothing compares to the ease of use of this product . Thank you so much for making my classes much easier .
 This was the home office student version and worked perfectly with the vista os on my desktop . Shipping was perfect . Great vendor / will use again .
 I really like the updated look of MS Word , although it took a little to get used to . Unfortunately , Vista and MS Office '07 have issues . Everytime I close out of Word , the Vista error window pops-up saying that there is a problem with the program and that it stopped working . Well , no there is no problem , because I closed down the program myself . I tried running the updates and the troubleshooting , but it still does it - everytime . It 's just annoying , otherwise the program works fine .
 Office 2007 lets you do so much more so much easier then other office applications . A truly great application .
 The program installed quickly and included word , powerpoint , excel , and onenote which allow me to complete my program of study efficiently . This version has a different menu style that takes time to get use to .
 Office 07 Student Edition is perfect for someone just looking to write word documents , or keep track of their email . This student edition is made up of Word , Excel , PowerPoint and OneNote . I just graduated from College and am in Graduate school now , and this software is perfect for what I need to do .
 Bought to put on a laptop we were giving our 12-year-old granddaughter for Christmas . Seems to be everything she will need for school , etc. .
 This product was a great upgrade to my computer . It is still compatable with the old version , so I can still use old document .
 A wonderful product to have . easy to use the cost is half the price here . and I will use this source again .
 Everyone needs this product when you buy a new computer . It is worth every penny and can be put on 3 computers . The price ca n't be beat by any other store !! AWESOME ...
 Wow what an upgrade ... been using the old version for well over a decade and very happy with the new version ... It took a little while to figure out how all the bells and whistles worked but well worth the investment !
 We initially bought this product so we could use Power Point -LRB- our kids use it at school -RRB- . But after getting into it and using some of the other sections of it , I really like this software .
 This product is exactly what I needed . It allowed me to create my resumes through MS Office Word 2007 which is required by all recruiters and perespective employers . It also allowed me to work with numerous MS Office Excel documents that I needed in keeping track of my job hunting progress .
 I was very thankful to find this software on Amazon for this price when I had just received an e-mail from the manufacturer for the same software but for $ 50 more which made me hesitant to purchase at that time . Thank you Amazon for being a lifesave !
 I recently purchased the Microsoft Office & Student 2007 for my laptop and it has worked perfectly . It was a new one and it was listed here for about half price compaired to other places that I looked . I am very pleased !
 I ordered this item and got in the mail in no time at all ! I have installed the product and it was so easy to do . I also saved $ $ on buying this item from Amazon !! Thank you AmazonPaulette
 I have only had the opportunity to use some of the features in this product , but what I have used is top notch . It saves a lot of typing time when you can type a heading and then just roll your mouse pointer over the style you want without having to highlight or retype your words . It 's everything I thought it could be and more . I ca n't wait to explore all the other features that will save me time and make me more productive .
 It provided what I needed for an office program.The price was great .
 I ordered it , but have n't received it , yet . I have 2000 , 2002 , 2003 on various computers , and like them all .
 I needed to update from Office 2003 and wanted to take advantage of many new features . I also like the fact that I can upgrade to Office 2010 when it comes out .
 I had to upgrade because I bought a new computer and my 2003 license was expired . This is a GREAT replacement for the 2003 Microsoft Office ! I ca n't say more about it . It was shipped to me as described when I purchased it and within minutes of receiving it I had it installed and running flawlessly !!! A MUST BUY !!!!
 The product worked I liked the ease of the downloading . Only did know that the clip art was not preloaded in product . Generally , there should have been pre clip art , this process was slow and painful , all in all the disc itself was great .
 Did not need to know anything about the product because I already had one installed in my personal computer and needed the installation for my laptop . Works really well and I am waiting for 2010 hoping it works as well as they say .
 I like the new design . This is a non-commercial version which can only be used at home by students and your own home office . It is not licensed to be used commercially . I wish that they would bundle the Home and Student edition with Outlook Express 2007 . I need some of the functions in Outlook Express 2007 that is not available in Windows Mail .
 While it took some time to get acquainted with the new look of MS Office Home and Student , I am pleased with the new toolbars ' ease of use . I do not have to hunt for what I need . The only drawback I see is not having Outlook for my emails .
 Good for the price . Licenses for 3 PCs . Good start for the new version of Office .
 GREAT IMPROVEMENT OVER OLDER VERSIONS PLUS , I HAVE POWERPOINT AS A BONU . I MISSED A LOT OF GOOD EMAILS BEFORE I GOT THAT . THIS PACKAGE SHOULD BE A BENEFIT FOR ANYONE WHO SPENDS A LOT OF TIME ON THE COMPUTER . THE SERVICE FROM AMAZON WAS EXCELLENT . PROMPT , COURTIOUS AND TIMELY.Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007
 Product in `` new '' condition . Decent ship time . Quality seller . Would do business with this seller again .
 I made this purchase to put on the laptop that my kids use for schoolwork . Excellent product , exactly what we needed , and installation was a breeze !
 now that it is installed on my computer , everytime I go to an Adobe PDF file it tries to open in word . Not good . I have asked for help , and it is like asking for someone to put their pants on upside down .
 It 's a very good price compared with any other local sales.It 's convenient just give people -LRB- Out of town students -RRB- the Product Key to activate.Delivery is not fast unless you pay extra .
 Well , I love all things Microsoft and I 've been wanting this edition since I found out it was out there . I really do love all the bells and whistles . I 'm an Office `` nerd '' . Amazon had it at a price I could n't ignore and I just had to buy it - well worth it !
 I could not wait until I received my copy of Word 2007 ! I have been taking classes in using 2007 , and I am having a ball with each new feature I can use .
 the product was easy to use and to install . We are very happy with it .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 - Bought because it was a good price . Installed and all is well . Would recommend this seller .
 Was pleseantly surprised with the ease in which i was able to adjust from Office 2003 to Office 2007 . Not only that but Office 2007 is able to change the spell check from English to Spanish , which is great for doing my spanish projects !
 I run a Mac with dual platforms -LRB- Boot Camp -RRB- and it its working great for me . I can bring home work from the office and work at home . The office is a PC platform . Recommend it for any of you Mac users running dual platforms .
 Very Happy with this product , received in little time . The price was great , I saved a good chunk of change !
 I think the microsoft office is great I ordered it for my daughter . She is using it for an online college cource . And I also use it in my business .
 I really enjoyed this program . It is what I use in my classroom at school and needed the same version for when I brought things home -LRB- not that teachers do that every night -RRB- . I especially like the One Note to help organize my files and papers .
 This program provides me with all that I need for home use . So far it has been working without interruption and is easy to load on my laptop .
 Product was easy to install . Had all features import to me . The price from Amazon was very good .
 After what seems like forever using Office , 2007 has an entirely new look . It takes a little while to get used to finding everything one 's used to , but it is an over-all good upgrade from 2003 .
 I am very satisfied with the product . It was easy to install and the price was right - about $ 50.00 less than purchasing it directly from microsoft . It was more economical than buying a new computer system .
 This is an awesome product . It is easily backward compatible with previous versions of Office . It is much more user friendly and much easier to personalize buttons and toolbars to how one person uses word . I highly recommend it .
 It was the most refreshing purchase experience I had in a few months . It was a good price . It was delivered fast and it was not damaged .
 Product was received quickly and in great condition . Packaged just as the seller described . I would buy from this seller again .
 Due to confusioon on my part we got Office -LRB- windows -RRB- , wanted one for the MAC . We felt your Consumer support group was very helpful and did a great job getting the unit we wanted , as yet still not received.The windows version of Office was given to UPS for delivery to J&R ; today , following their instructions for return material.As you may also be aware you ordered a book from `` BookFinders '' for us -LRB- author was Boronoski -RRB- ... I suspect you will credit my charge card for the failure to furnish it ... but I have to wonder if Amazon might not have had another source available from whom it might have been ordered instead of just canceling the order ? The book `` the Ascent of Man '' would be welcome , should you find a reasonable source .
 thanksit 's a must for my ibm systemnext time MACi messed up getting vista and should have known betteri wo n't make that mistake again
 BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY COLLEGE/HIGH SCHOOL CHILDREN . PRICE WAS THE DECIDING FACTOR FOR THIS EDITION . IT HAS ALL THE FEATURES THEY NEED FOR SCHOOL PROJECTS AND IS ALSO A HANDY TOOL FOR HOME USE . BOUGHT FROM AMAZON DUE TO BEST DEAL
 This arrived on time and worked perfectlyMy only complaint is that it was suppose to be new and had been opened , but like I said it worked perfectly like new .
 Yes , i like office 2007 its more easier to find things you need ... i think ill upgrade to full programs soon , i only have the student edition ... -LRB- power point , word , excel and one note -RRB-
 Microsoft Word , and Power Point have always been my favorite , and most used programs . These programs used to come with your computer when you bought it . Now the prices of computers has came down somewhat , but you only get a trial of 60 days for the most used programs . Everyone needs a word program . So , now you have to buy it , or steal it somewhere . Bummer !! The programs work fine , but I like the 2003 version of Word better for what I need . Oh yeah ! No Publisher with this one . Double B !!
 No instructions on how to use such as graphs I couldnt figure it out for a report , No instructions or clear help .
 I just went back to school now that my kids are grown . Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 is very easy to use and there is a lot of support and help with learning to use it . It is well laid out , even for beginners like me :--RRB- I would definitely recommend it !
 I needed this for an online class I was taking ASAP . It arrived quickly and was priced well . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that I had to go online and search for information on how to use some of the formatting in the new WORD . I wish the product had a manual included with it !
 I 'm pleased with Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 . It is exactly what I wanted at a price that I could afford . It arrived quickly .
 software came quickly and was easy to load on my system . It has all the templates and other attributes I need for everyday life .
 With a house full of people going to school this is the perfect product . Word is easier than ever and powerpoint is a breeze . It took a minute to learn one note , but it was worth it . This is the best value for your money , the price was excellent . With 2 college students and 2 high schoolers we truly needed this it 's on all the laptops and both the desk tops I am beyond happy with this purchase .
 Overall , this version of MS Office has a nice look and feel to it.Some of the changes in MS Word took me some time to get used to . For example the replacement of the file menu with the circular icon in the top left corner , and the strange organization of the Greek symbols caught me by surprise .
 I bought this product last week . Saw an error message during the installation process : '' Error 1311
 Bit of a steep learning curve if you are upgrading from Office XP or 2003 , but well worth the effort for all the extra goodies.Microsoft should have bundled Outlook with it , though . I had to buy that separately.Amazon was quick on delivery and the price was the best around .
 Buying this suite is actually cheaper than just getting Excel software on its own -- and , I have to say , it made it much easier for me to finally get Excel . I agree with other Excel reviewers -- the 2007 software is not as intuitive as earlier versions , but , if you 're like me -- practically a newbie , it wo n't bother you at all . My biggest challenge was actually finding the `` Save As '' function -LRB- simple to find once you realize you have to click on the circular windows icon to find it -LRB- the brand new icon that does n't look much like the old windows icon at all -RRB- -- so that was a time consuming minor pain , but other than that , it 's pretty easy to use , looks lovely , and was nice and affordable . Yay ! I 'm glad I got it .
 The software was delivered in a timely manner and loaded on my computer with no problems . It would be nice if the Word documents were saved with the old . doc extension and compatible with previous versions of MS Word . It is difficult for users with older versions of MS Word to read the . docx files . They can download a reader , put still a pain . One can force files to be saved in . doc format but the file looses the new features of Word 2007 . I registered copies of this software on three different computers with no problem . Only knew this was allowed by reading someone else 's review of this product on Amazon .
 I liked the packaged . Just a little disappointed with the price with Microsoft . Amazon was the best place to get it for the money . Ebay 's sellers were terrible . They must think buyers are a bunch of suckers . Before you purchase anything anywhere do your homework .
 I have nothing bad to say about this product . I received it 2 days earlier than it should have came and it was in perfect condition .
 I am used to the professional edition . I bought this for my home laptop so it 's easier to open and edit documents from work . It works fine but for Professional Users out there , it 's quite a downgrade .
 After using MS Office 2003 for about 5 years now I thought it would be harder to switch to the 2007 version . I actually found it quite easy to navigate through the features.There are some great features that the previous version does not have and the interface is well designed.It takes a while to get used to where everything is but once you get familiar with it there is no turning back ... literally !!
 The products is wonderful , works as indicated however a bit tasking to find Microsoft student on my computer after installation .
 I ordered this product for about $ 80 while in retail stores , it is between $ 100 and $ 200 . My product came in within a few days after ordered and the product has really helped me with school work and other projects . I wiould definitley order from Amazon again because of their low prices and fast service .
 Great package deal for a great price . Well worth getting it here on Amazon .
 Once used to the `` ribbon '' at the top of the screen , its fairly easy to navigate !
 I ordered this software to update from my 2003 version . So far I have mostly used Word for schoolwork . I find the top menu to be confusing , but I am also learning my way around it . I enjoy the flexibility to write and edit in other languagaes , something my old version never could successfully do -LRB- I think becuase of a glitch , but who knows -RRB- . I have n't spent a ton of time in the other programs yet , but so far I am pleased with the product .
 This is inexpensive way to obtain Word and the included Notes is promising as well . Unless you need Outlook , this is all you 'll need for most document management on your computer . It seems far more functional than Apple 's `` Pages '' .
 Product does what I need it to at the right price point . Do n't necessarily like having to save in the . docx format , but I do n't share documents with other people , so it is n't a huge problem . The interface overhaul does take a little bit of getting used to if you have used previous versions of MS Word , but I think most people 's complaints about it are overblown simply because people do n't like change . New users would probably find the new interface much more user friendly than the old interface ever was .
 I am one of those that feels learning should be enjoyable . What I have found , is that yes , you can enjoy learning , and with any of the `` Office '' Suites , you will find `` repetition '' will win the day . Sad but true , I can attest to that fact.All 4 sections of this software -LRB- Word , Excel , Powerpoint , and OneNote -RRB- are well laid out and manageble . But I offer you this . Amazon couples this particular software along with a book -LRB- also published by Microsoft -RRB- will alleviate the learning curve . I highly recommend it , titled `` Office and Home Student 2007 - Step by Step '' . It , along with an enclosed CD , which has practice files you use as you progress through the software . It keeps you from retyping.Lastly , this software will help as you find out the intracacies of the program , as you get ready for probably another `` Office '' program on the drawing board !
 I needed Microsoft Word and Excel for school and this was the best price on it I could find . Amazingly older versions cost more than what I spent on this . The only problem I 've had is with my HP Photosmart Printer which causes error messages , but to work around it you have to set your default printer as a different printer and then choose your printer every time you print . My understanding is that it is a problem with HP 's software , not Microsoft 's . As always Microsoft Office is a staple you have to have for almost any school or work environment and the new version works well .
 The product was exactly what I ordered , and it came in a timely fashion . I had a little trouble installing it while my Trial programs were still working , but after they expired , I had no problems at all .
 I still have done a lot with this as I am taking a course to teach us about it . The little I have done I am pleased with the product .
 Maybe because I 'm a casual user and really did n't use the previous version all that much but this version is wonderful . I love the ribbons . The help section is great also . My 14 year old son is impressed also . He spent a few minutes working with excel and powerpoint and declared both much better and easier to navigate than the older versions .
 What I wanted was Word 2007 , but when comparing price Word alone was more than what you get with Office 2007 . Home and Student does limit you to only 3 installs but that should be enough for 1 household . Well worth the price .
 I have had full MS Office . It was much more than I needed and was quite expensive -LRB- Around $ 500 -RRB- . MS Office Home And Student works fine , is of course a truncated version , but it is affordable -LRB- neighborhood of $ 100 -RRB- , and it meets my needs without burdening my hard drive with programs I do not need . Five stars .
 For some one who has used powerpoint and work extensively in the past and very comfortable with 2003 , I had a tough time adjusting to the new features in the beginning . Give it a week and you get used to the new changes . I still find some features of 2003 more convenient . For example I liked the fact that the tool bar was always present on top . With the 07 , I have n't figured out how to get the tool bar to stay up there . There has to be away . I just have n't had the time to figure it out .
 This is a very significant upgrade . Why ? I 'll give you a few examples . I 'm writing a research paper in Word , and Word 2007 has so many `` themes '' which give you integrated color/heading schemes . Then , it can take your headings and create a table of contents from them . Very cool , and saves a ton of time . Also very intuitive to use.Speaking of intuitive , Microsoft has made the process for grabbing data from the web and importing into a spreadsheet very intuitive . It took no time at all for me to click the `` get data from web '' button , navigate to a particular stock quote , and then pull it into my spreadsheet I use to track my stock trades . This was so intuitive and graphical , I did n't even have to look up anything in help . Very powerful.I like the new `` ribbon '' interface better than having a million icons at the top of the screen in the older versions of Word , but frankly this does take some getting used to . But I do n't miss all those icons!In summary , this is a major upgrade and worth the money .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007I am well pleased with the total package after using a generic word processor downloade from the internet.The menu system is quite different than OFFICE 97 that I use at work . As I am getting used to the menu system I find it is quite easy to use and well thought out .
 THe product did not load automatically and I had to allow a Microsoft Tech to sign on my computer to help with missing files . They corrected the problem and I love the product .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007This product is great for the home computer . It performs well and has all the necessary tools for home record keeping and correspondence . I am a 65 year old senior and find it well within my ability to use .
 I ordered Microsoft Office Aug 21 2007 and Received it on Aug 24 , 2007 in orginal package and with getting the Amozon credit card I could not beat the price anyware.Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007
 The MS Office Home and Student was exactly as described at a very decent price . Product listed New - came sealed as if off a store shelf . Came in a very timely and safe fashion . Was very pleased with this order . Would order again .
 As an IDS Major at UI-Chicago , I find the new suite smarter , visually better , and easier to use . The only problem I 've had with it at all was figuring out how to make a data table on Excel . The Student pack did n't come with instructions , so I 'm on my own regarding the matter . The new version is so much better looking/easier to use , it disappoints me that I have to save it as a 97-03 file for people who do n't yet have ' 07 . My school falls into this category , and so do most employers . Everyone should own ' 07 , and own it fast . It would be much easier for those of us who are up-to-date .
 I think this is the best product ever . You can do so much with this one and it is easy to understand .
 I did n't like paying the hefty price , but the OneNote program is more than worth it . It makes thing so much easier for me , as a writer and student . Word and Excel are nice , too , but OneNote made me happiest . I 'm easy , I know .
 When I noticed that Office had the new Powerpoint included , I knew I had to order one of the first copies . I have looked at all four applications that come with Office and think it is well worth the cost . I installed Vista Home Premium on my computer first.They both work great on my Dell Inspiron E1505 with 1 Mb of RAM with a somewhat limited 80 Gb HD .
 Coming from Office 2000 , this version is much more user friendly . I like the additional features - seeing formatting changes as you pick them , The ribbons with commands right there , the option to put your most used commands in your own toolbar and locate it where you want.Yes it takes some stumbling around to get used to where things are located . Well worth it from my stand point.Plus the new user agreement allows buying it without the requirement of having a student in the household . Also allows install on 3 PCs !! Finally a reasonable arrangement from MS!Mary Jo Gilbert
 This is the fifth version of Microsoft Office I have used and it is replacing Office XP at home . I use Office 2003 at work . Being a heavy Excel user -LRB- for analysis and reporting purposes -RRB- I must say that this version is a major improvement in user interface then previous versions I have used . While I was pleased with the 2003 versions improvements with the buffers which helped with the stability of large workbooks -LRB- only an issue with large and involved workbooks -RRB- . I find the ribbons , once used to them , to be intuitive , easier to find what you need and easier to access than pull down menus even when they are hidden.Most of all I was impressed the first time I highlighted an object and right clicked for a menu , the menu appeared along with formatting buttons which helped save a few steps when changing formatting.This is the first time I have actually been impressed with a new version of any Microsoft software . While the ribbons to take getting used to , once you do you will wonder why ribbons were not used in earlier versions . Most important is that I check around before I purchased and Amazon had the best price I could find.Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007
 I do n't know how many Microsoft Office versions I have bought over the years . I wish they had gotten cheaper . They have gotten better but also more bloated.It works well and does what I need it to do .
 I am pleased with purchasing Mircosoft office through Amazon . I received my purchase quickly and for the best price . Thank you
 The 07 user interface is very different from older -LRB- 03 -RRB- office versions it will take some getting used to . But the change is worth the effort as this version contains many new or enhanced features , making the transition a discovery and enlightening .
 I was totaly satisfied with the speed in which I received this product and the quality of the product . Great service !
 I 've used Word 2007 in an office setting before so was used to the product . The new toolbar still frustrates the heck out of me and having to save the document in an older version of Word so people who have n't upgraded can read it is a pain . But in the commercial world , it is what it is and most everyone uses microsoft word . I wonder if they test the product with real life people -LRB- not computer programmers/experts , etc. -RRB- before releasing it .
 When I ordered this from amazon.com , I though I was getting a boxed version of the MS Office Home and Student program , but what I got was only a `` copied '' Disk , not of the MS Office Home and Student but of MS Office `` Enterprise 2007 '' instead . Yes it had everything that was included in the original order and more , but the point is that this was not what I ordered and not the official `` boxed '' edition that I assumed I was to get .
 After my Notebook crashed I had to re-install the hard drive and lost my original Office Pack . Looking for a cheap alternative I found this one at the time for $ 79.99 . It 's perfect for my needs - basic Word , Excel & Notebook 2007 use . I am not a professional , just using these applications for personal data and cv/letter writing but I am very happy with this purchase . The only gripe I would have is that the new menu system is a lot more in depth and as a result it can be harder to navigate through the various menus & options.That said , easy installation on up to 3 computers and plenty of new options from the 2003 pack make this good value for money .
 Timely shipping . Arrived as advertised . New copy of 3-license version of Microsoft Office . A great deal , and the best price anywhere .
 Thank you , Amazon , i have nothing much to say other than simply
 The product does what it says it will do , easy installation . The company shipped it in a timely manner and I have been very happy with my purchase . The price was quite a bit less than at the retail stores .
 Previously we had a lot of trouble keeping the squirrels from nibbling on our tomatoes . This product did the trick .
 I did n't realize it when I bought two copies , one for each computer , but you can load this software on to three different computers ! Thanks microsoft ! I only wish they made it clear in the description . If they did I missed it !
 You have to love Microsoft . They have totally changed their suite of Office products , which means if you want to be in the game , you buy the new software . Thank you Microsoft . It 's always fun to `` hunt '' for the `` undo '' button .
 I am happy that I could buy one piece of software for the 2 netbooks I bought for my kids . I hope Microsoft will package more multi-license products ! I think a lot of the Apple software is like this , they have 5 license packages & it 's very reasonable.Menus & overall look has changed some but hope they will offer some upgrades later where you can switch back to previous look as an option .
 The Microsoft Office Home and Student Version 2007 is a great improvement over Microsoft 's past approaches to product upgrades . I have been a user of Office for many years ; however , I would not purchase the Full Version of Office 2007 because of its price . The Home and Student package fits my need for a home version of this product at a reasonable price . Plenty of upgrades are in this package and in runs great on my new laptop with Vista .
 I can not remember how much Dell wanted for this software preloaded , but I knew it was too much . Stores had it about thirdy dollars more . Loaded easily . No problems .
 Microsoft has put together a decent package in it 's office Home and student version . I bought this verizon for one note which I use extensively for work and home . Word & Excel have some nice new features and overall they are better than 2003 . I use onenote more as a database compiler than an actual note-taking program . I love it 's organization and now that web pages can be printed to onenote it makes research even easier . If you use any of the 2003 products , I would recommend this as an upgrade .
 I have been a long time user of Microsoft Office . At work I use Microsoft Office 2003 . I use Word , Excel , Outlook and Access all the time ; and occasionally PowerPoint . I am very efficient at using the old 2003 version and I was a little worried about the new Ribbon feature of this software . It will slow you down at first , but I am actually starting to like it . I find that it is pretty intuitive and I can generally find the factions I am looking for easily . The interface gives Office a new feel , which had to happen at some point.The big advantage to this Office Home and Student 2007 is that it gives you a license for 3 PCs . This is great ! I can use it on my PC , my wife 's laptop , and later on my kids PC if we decide to get them one . This version includes Word , Excel , PowerPoint and OneNote . The only downside is that it does n't package in Outlook , but you can get that separately.Overall I am very happy with this new Office .
 It 's an excellent product but if you are forwarding a Word document to someone with Office 2003 they wo n't be able to open it . But , they do offer you the option of saving your document in a 2003 format . Other then that I have no problem other then learning the new features .
 I do n't know how I ever done without the program software . Excellent product , excellent time of delivery , in first rate condition ...
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007Received as promised . Product as described .
 I had no trouble installing the program ! It is much more user friendly than its predecessor .
 My daughter needed this for college . It was a great price here at Amazon .
 I had lost the use of Word and the only way I could use it was in the modified version of ` safe mode ' and it was horrible . When I downloaded this product it cleared everything up and now I have to learn how to use this newer version . I bought `` Office 2007 for Dummies '' and I can find now where things are .
 Item arrived in a timely manner . Takes a while to get used to the new 2006 Vista format - not for the faint-hearted .
 I found the product very good . The icons are slightly different than the office version but easy to learn .
 The cool thing about this software is the ONE NOTE . It 's basically a digital scratch pad that helps you organize your random notes and thoughts . Good for brainstorming or just throwing out different ideas about any subject . - To open the packaging was extremely difficult . It 's not very obvious how to get the box open .
 I have had mixed feelings about Amazon.com at first , because I do not really trust or do online shopping , however , I tried it , and I was very much content . Packaging was neat , labels were right , products were originals without a nick on them . I love it-especially One Note , which organizes my notes in one place , this really is the best Microsoft put out there , and I am happy I got the best deal of all offers on internet . I will deffinitely be back . THANK YOU Amazon.com : -RRB- MuffinAdded on Sept. 23 , 2008I have tried Microsoft Office pack for one year now and I have to say I am very pleased . One note is a great way to keep all of your notes in one place . You can consider it one big notebook with tabs customized to your needs . You can easily find all of your notes . The program is interlinked through Microsoft Outlook , Word , and Excell . Synchronization feature enables easy sharing between other One Note notebooks your friends / colleagues have . What I like the most is the idea of keeping everything organized , unlike storing your Word/Excell documents in a folder/subfolder etc. . . I love the video/microphone feature allowing me to record short movies , or sounds . Clipping feature will easily clip/paste a part of any image on your display whether it is Internet Explorer , Picture , Document or even a Desktop . Just clip and paste . There are all the basic features Word program does as well , so you can change your fonts , colors , settings , tables , you can change the stationery , colors of the tabs , etc. . Absolutely fabulous . So far I have never seen anything like this with so many easy-to-handle features . A great advantage is the fact you do not have to read any manuals , you can easily explore on your own . The program is so easy to handle . `` Ordinary People '' friendly :-RRB- ...
 I have always been a microsoft office fan and that has n't changed . I love the upgrades .
 I am exremely happy with this product , still learning how to use all the new features . Amazon.com has been wonderful .
 I 've been using office 2000 for years now , and it has been great . After numerous `` updates '' and `` security downloads '' Excel started getting buggy , and the undo arrow ceased to function . Rather than uninstall and re-install the whole thing , I thought it was time to update . No problems as many have described after install . A lot of problems people seem to be having is not understanding `` save as '' where you can choose to save the file as Office 97 - 2003 or the new version file extension . Myself , like every other long time user , am not so thrilled about losing the drop-down menus in favor of the tabs , just because one develops habits . After working with it for a while , it started t make sense , and is probably a lot easier to learn for new users . Same goes for Word . I pretty much never use power-point so I do n't care how they screw with that . All in all I am happy with the software and the value . The heavy landfill busting anti-green plastic box it comes in is the single most irritating and wasteful package I have ever encountered . Never let an engineer get involved in marketing !
 This version of Microsoft Word is very different from the one I 've been using . When I installed it , it automatically uninstalled the older version , so I have to learn how to use the new one . On the other hand , there 's a lot more than Word to it . I like being able to do Power Point , etc. , and the Word program does new things I like , too .
 Bought a computer with Windows 7 and my old version of Office 2003 was n't good enough anymore .
 It 's fine . Easy to install and works good . I had to get a new program because my laptop crashed and I had to get a new one . Since the program only allows it to be installed on 3 computers ; I had originally loaded it on my laptop , my daughter 's laptop , and my home computer , I could n't install the program again . It would be nice if we could have used my original program on my new laptop .
 WE received the product quickly -LRB- less than a week -RRB- . . Instuction for installation was quick , easy , and without problems .
 I bought this program specificly for Word 2007 , I write novels . Word 2007 + Imagnation = A winner .
 This product is excellent for homework assignments . My son has been completing his school assignments using my pc which created an inconvenience for both of us . But now , he can complete them on this own pc at his leisure .
 I received my item in perfect condition and much faster than I had anticipated . Great service ! Would purchase from again in the future .
 Item arrived exactly as promised and promptly . Well packaged and worked perfectly . Price was lower than any other one I 've found . Just what I needed at a great value . Would absolutely recommend this merchant .
 I got the BEST price and it is the product I wanted and needed . Has lots of cool new features .
 Lots of problem getting ti to be authentic ... otherwise appears to be the kid version of the real one .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007the product was in a good shape .
 Purchased this for a new commputer that came without this software . I use Outlook for my Calendar and to sync with my Blackberry . Like most MS software it 's over priced , however I 'm used to it and could transfer my old computer data to it easily.Have used this program for years with no problems .
 I am enjoying using the software , but wish Iknew more about the features . I know I have on-line tutorialsavailable , but there is simply nothing like a live person tohelp .
 This is a great product ! I like it a lot better than the 2003 version .
 Delivered in 3 days with standard shipping ! If this had been an Amazon-distributed product , it would have taken that long just getting to a box for mailing .
 My experience has been with MicroSoft Office on my job . Once you get the hang of how Vista works , I find I like it . I especially love the ` One Note ' which is included in the suite . It is so cool to compile data from list groups and surfing the web . I very rarely print anything anymore , closer to paperless !
 The new Microsoft Office 2007 has done it again ! The long awaited version is the best yet . Microsoft has made super changes to create a user friendly software . I would suggest using a few of the online tutorials located on the Microsoft Office website to help to adjust to the new `` ribbon '' version , but `` old '' version Office users will be well pleased with the new easy `` ribbon '' format once the initial adjustment is over . Give it a try !
 I was surprised at how easy the new office programs were to use ! Great product !
 Office Home and Student is pretty much the same as 2003 except for the following : No more Outlook-they use something called One Note-I have n't gotten used to it yet , but it seems like it will be a nice change.I found the changes in features/functions to be frustrating at times . You may not be able to find commonly used features in the same place -- the help tool is an improvement , though-thankfully-or the change in toolbars would be REALLY annoying.Overall though , despite the learning curve , I like the changes-The new , WORD , EXCEL , POWEPOINT are a lot nicer to look at -LRB- great color schemes -RRB- than 2003 .
 I needed to purchase this software to use for school . The layout is different from the old versions of word but it was very easy to get used to and after getting a feel for it I like it better than the old menus . I have not had any compatibility problems with opening old documents or saving new ones in the old format to email to professors . I did have to install the software twice because something was goofed-up with the trial edition I had downloaded previously and this software , but the second time after deleting the trial it worked fine .
 If you do n't need outlook but do need powerpoint , this is a great value . Before , you had to be a student or teacher to get a good price -LRB- full retail $ 150 now -RRB- . Office 2003 standard even on eBay is still going for $ 175 plus . This does not offer anything much beyond Office 2003 but the new ribbon format is not difficult to learn . Also , do n't worry about file formats . You can re-set the default format to prior formats so that anything you send out can be read by earlier versions of Microsoft Office .
 I like it - it works great for the kids and their school work . Easy to install also
 Finally Microsoft has done it . Outlook 2007 , Office Home and Student 2007 , Vista Home Premium FULL VERSION , and throw in Money 2007 . You wont go wrong . Everything has finally taken shape . Excellent from ease of use , better performance and security .
 I like the changes aesthetically and logically . Still learning where everything is at , though .
 Please beware of scams w / software . `` Just Launched '' stores w / no selling history will list the item as new , including a CD-Rom . Instead you will receive a letter w / a used Activation Code.Complete Scam.Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007
 I bought a new computer and needed the Office 2007 to keep all three computers with the same version of Office . This supplier had the best price on the version I was looking for.The software is the same regardless who you purchase it from so that is not an issue . This supplier was very prompt to get my purchase shipped . It arrived before the scheduled delivery date !! I am totally pleased with this supplier and would purchase from them again.Thank you for a good job and a great price !!
 I have begun writing a book and only had Works on the computer . I have had Word in the past so knew I had to get it for this project . When I read of the free update to 2010 I decided to go with the student edition . It has what I need and the 2007 edition price was right plus being able to use it on the desktop and laptop -LRB- 3 computer family -RRB- . Good value compared to elsewhere .
 I was skeptical about installing this on three machines AND getting a free Office 2010 upgrade on each installation , but it 's true ! I already have 3 laptops in my house running Office 2010 off of this one purchase . It 's not immediately obvious how to get the upgrade , although it 's quite simple - just go to -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Had to have it for two new computers to access older version of Office files , though the updates are cumbersome to wade through being used to Office 03 . Do n't really like the `` improved '' presentation of each . Tabs changed not necessarily for the better . Sometimes newer is n't better . It works for what we needed it to do . Would rather have been able to purchase the older version for less . Progress ? Not necessarily .
 Great Product . The description for the product is exactly what you get . Perfect shipping very fast . Easily and free upgrade to Microsoft Office 2010 . No problems at all . Very Nice , for the price !
 I have owned Microsoft Offices - since Word Perfect ; who can forget MS Office `` Clippy '' - the obnoxious paper clip ? It is difficult to judge in comparison between the `` Clippy '' and 2007 's `` Ribbon '' feature . -LRB- Fortunately MS Office 2010 has changed this avenue to being an optional feature - thank goodness ! -RRB- PROS : More functionalityMore securedMore advantagesMore language availabilityMore compatibility functionalityGot to love the `` Trusted Resource '' featureAdditional hidden bonus of the ability of clicking on the `` Advanced '' mode and whatever floats your boat - you can select MS Office -LRB- Any Version -RRB- to suit your needsThe Ability to select various background instead of one `` standard shade '' when starting itFunctionality of option of ability to use in colors , macros , et al.Functionality of being able to add or remove on the toolbarAbilities to configure to set according to your preference -LRB- Addendum
 I have used MS Office for years , but do n't need all the extras that come with the full edition of Office . Home and Student is perfect for most home users and students . So far I ca n't come up with any negatives .
 I purchased this product after taking a few classes in Word and Excel , and am SO impressed at the changes between 03 and 07 !! MUCH easier to navigate .
 This program had everything I needed to work well with my other documents . I did n't need anything fancy , just plain easy word , excel . Thanks .
 I 'm perfectly satisfied with my purchase . Everything was well packaged and delivered on time . My only problem is with Vista itself . It takes some getting use to
 All the old features are here - you 'll have to look for some of them - and some new ones . Once I found everything , I decided I liked it .
 The product is just great compared to previous versions . But the best part was the price . Nobody can beat Amazon for this one !
 Very good upgrade . Word and Excel have new and amazing features and options . Great price .
 Yes , I 've used Office 98 , Office 2000 , Office XP , and for the last year or two - Office 2003 . I initially thought I 'd never get Office 2007 until my computer crashed and I noticed I lost my 2003 CD Key when I re-installed Windows XP.Anyway , Office 2007 Home and Student edition arrived in the mail about two hours ago . Since installing it -LRB- very quick compared to 2003 installation -RRB- I 've been playing with it and testing all of the features.My response ? I love it ! The new menu options took a few minutes of getting used to but now I can use them very easily . Yes , I read all of the negative reviews about people complaining about the ribbon design but ... I see no problem with it - it actually makes things easier to get to -LRB- the things I need to do anyway -RRB- . One awesome feature I like -LRB- being a college student -RRB- is the auto indentation feature -LRB- 1 . asdfsadf -LRB- newline + tab -RRB- a. asdfsadf -RRB- . In 2003 to do a 2 . asdfasdf you would have to hit backspace -LRB- erasing the a. -RRB- . In 2007 you can just hit Enter at a. and it moves you to 2 . . This is a big thing for me because most of my school documents use that format.One thing I noticed was the smaller document sizes . . Docx is a heck of a lot smaller than . doc . A 25kb . doc file is about 17KB in . docx format . Even though I have over 1TB of free space - that is a plus in my mind.The startup speed of 2007 is a whole lot faster than Open Office -LRB- what I was using after my computer crashed till 2007 came -RRB- . Even on a 6 year old Dual Xeon 2.4 Ghz it is incredibly fast . I notice NO lag that other reviewers claim . Maybe it is because I have 2GB of ram?As a college student I 've pretty much just used Word 2007 so I can not comment on Powerpoint 2007 , Excel 2007 , or OneNote 2007 .
 I find it interesting to note that no one has commented on the easy Tablet PC inerface that is now coordinated with the new office . Handwriting recognition all over the place , easy access with your tablet pen . The ribbon is a time saver as it shows you the changes as you run your pen over the icon.Highly recomended for Tablet Users . Especially One Note .
 The MS Office was on sale and I had an Amazon points credit which made it even cheaper-great
 Amazon is the new Wal-Mart ! I recommed everyone shop here first for computer needs , software etc. . !
 I purchased a new PC without Mircosoft Office installed . I saved $ 50.00 by purchasing it from Amazon . It is very simple to install and I have a full working copy of the Microsoft Office that I can use in the future .
 A major step up from previous versions of office . So much easier to use . I have found options that I never even knew existed .
 This product was in great condition . It has worked very well . I was very pleased with the price .
 This does everything that I liked about Office 2000 and improves on it vastly . I 'm very satisified with the product .
 This updated Office version is a super total package for the home and school . It has been simplified so that even a beginning user can use all the included software . Love it .
 I 'm very pleased with the with the product and the time it to to get to me was fast
 I ordered this for doing schoolwork at home . It installed easy and is easy to use . I recomend it .
 Microsoft office Home and Student 2007 - I purchased this item in December and absolutely love it ! There are so many additions to the old version . I highly recommend this software package for college bound students . This software will make you look like a pro ! It 's great for personal and professional use . Thank you !
 There are other applications that are similar , but none that served me as well . The package could use some instructions as to how to open the rascal but , that aside , There is no other I would recommend . I am a user not a techie looking for another way of doing something . . and OFFICE 2007 serves me well .
 I love the new Office suite - Sure , it takes some getting use to , but it is awesome once you start to get familiar with it !
 This is a very good program . Up until now I had been using Office 97 . I was very comfortable with Office 97 having used it for many years and I was a little reluctant to change but I 'm glad I did . It only took me a very short time to get back in the swing with Office 2007 . It has a lot of new features and it is well worth the money .
 I 'd been using MS Home Office 2003 for many years , but I could n't get free support any longer because of its age . So it was a no-brainer to buy the latest version . The Amazon.com price was the best I could find online and the item was shipped free . No problems with installation on my new computer .
 I bought this for my son who went off to college and needed a new laptop . We installed it on his laptop , my home computer and my oldest son 's laptop . No problems at all .
 This was the best deal ... and I searched . It arrived very fast and instalation was easy . It also allows three computers to receive the download , which i was not aware . Great deal . Trust me
 prompt shipping , packaged great for shipping saved me $ $ $ $ $ , will try buying thru Amazon Agian ... Keep up the good work
 This product was not what I expected . It appears to be a homemade copy of the Enterprise version that companies purchase and not the original Microsoft Office Home and Student Edition . It works , but not what I thought I was purchasing .
 I was surprised to find that the program actually included three licenses , so you can purchase once and use on three different computers . This is an AMAZING price !
 This was just what i need . It arrived just when my 60 day trial was about to expire . I recommend it .
 Well , I find it interesting to see such a difference in opinions on this product . Both my husband have this newest version and it has been a challenge to learn , but when it comes to saving documents , you can change it to the older version of Word , so that helps . I have n't used all the parts of Microsoft Office 2007 , since I do n't have a need to . From what I understand , though , my husband was going crazy recently , because he had to do a powerpoint presentation all over again with the new format , and it took him a long time . So , I can see that there are drawbacks . I think that One Note will be fun to use once I really learn all about it , and since I obtained this tablet PC , and learn to use the tablet part of it , I will probably use it more.Personally , I have been able to adapt to the software pretty well . A long time ago , I learned a lot of the commands -- such as `` Control-S '' for the Save command , or `` Control-C '' for copy , then `` Control-V '' for the paste command -- rather than going up to the menu to look for them so I do n't need to look for them ; finding these commands now is not that easy . You have to look behind each tab for commands , etc. that used to be right out in the open . For anyone that 's a novice at using Microsoft Office , it will be a more of a challenge than they might want to deal with.I agree that the price was one that my husband and I could live with , considering that I needed it for a number of activities that I do on this new laptop . The software came to us in a relatively short time . And , after it came here , it did n't take long to get it installed on my new laptop , which uses Windows VISTA.I 've always been known to handle new things well , so maybe it 's just a matter of adjustment to anything new . And , from what I have seen with the Help section in this software , there are a lot of things you can learn about the software that can answer most anyone 's questions . So , my opinion is that with a little patience , you can learn to use Microsoft Office 2007 .
 Works great . It 's a learning curve because the tool bars are completely different . Spell check does not work for Outlook Express , which I think is a cheap shot by Microsoft . I guess they want me to buy MS Outlook , NOT TODAY '' that program is more work than it is worth . There is a link for a great free spell checker http://www.majorgeeks.com/download.php?det=2952 to cover the loss .
 I am pleased with the changes made to this version . Just a warning for those who use Outlook Express ... When I installed Office 2007 the dictionary converted to French instead of English . I reviewed several message boards -LRB- this is a well documented problem -RRB- and tried several steps . The fasted solution for me was to download a third party spell check program such as the one located at http://www.geocities.com/vampirefo/
 I have throughly enjoyed microsoft office home and student addition . It has been wonderful to have . Shipping was very quick , and it was recieved in a timely fashion .
 The new version of Office , specifically designed for new operating system software -LRB- Vista -RRB- , is very much worth its price . Given its official price of $ 149.99 and the features it has to offer , paying $ 109.99 here at Amazon was more than worth the bargain . I appreciate its ease-of-use and new set of tools -LRB- not to mention the visual graphics ! -RRB- and would definitely recommend it to anyone whether you are a student like myself or are just interested in the programs it has to offer . Awesome stuff ! Thanks Amazon !
 The price is great for the product , it is excellent for my Student/Home Personal Use . I am glad that I did not have to pay the $ 500 . for the professional version , as I doubt that I will be using my home computer for business purposes .
 Wonderful -- product arrived on time and in good condition.Very happy with prices too .
 works great . Took a little to get used to new icons . Converts old and new both ways . recommend it . shop around for best price
 took me a long time to figure out how to save ... click on the top left round icon ... wish they give an instruction book with the disc !
 I use MS Office at work and have been using Office for over ten years . This version , at first , seems drastically different in the way it is organized on the screen . But after a few hours of use I feel very comfortable using its features and I think it is an improvement over older versions . I was hesitant at first to upgrade due to many negative reviews of the product . But I have to say that most of the features are improved and even easier to use.So if you are a new user I would not hesitate to buy this product . If you are currently happy using an old Office version AND are the type who gets frustrated learning new tricks then save your money and hold out for the next upgrade .
 Best price I could find at the time of Purchase , fast shipping , I love the new look and enhancements that come with ms office 2007
 I had a 60 day trial of this product on my new laptop . When it ran outI purchased the software . I use some of the features for work related.Not real proficient at excel , but will be using the tutorial ...
 I 'd been shopping for this software for awhile , looking for the best price.I found it on Amazon and with free shipping . The product was received in perfect condition and installed with no problem .
 Product arrived in a couple of days and was perfect ! Very impressed with the `` quick '' delivery . No problems of any kind .
 This new version of MSOffice is pretty typical Microsoft . I have not encountered any bugs or glitches yet , but Service Pack 1 is already out . I 'm glad it has a three-computer license , so when I get rid of this computer , I can install it on another .
 I 'm not a computer whiz . The reason why I bought this product is because the laptop I bought did not come with this software . I am still getting used to using this version . I do like the ribbon . It was n't hard to open the package -LRB- after reading some reviews , I thought I would need a jackhammer -RRB- . After peeling off the sticker/tape , just pull the red tab . I like the fact that this can be installed into 3 computers and that it is compatible with both Windows XP & Vista since I have Vista on my laptop and XP on my desktop . Before purchasing , I checked around for prices and Amazon has the best deal for this software .
 The product was great ; however , I would not order software from Amazon again because of the delay in delivery time . It took two weeks to get it -LRB- which was longer than promised -RRB- . -LSB- ASIN : B000HCZ8EO Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 -RSB- -RSB-
 I was suprised how fast my order came to me . Set was simple . There are a lot of changes on this version . I have a lot of papers to do for school so I am sure this software will help . I definately suggest ordering it from Amazon.com .
 I was pleased to see amazon.com carrying this product of the Home and Student Edition of Microsoft Office and to be offering it at a substantial savings over the regular price . In any business transactions it is an eseential tool to use the suite offered in Word and Power Point etc.for communication and presentations , etc. .
 I bought this for my daughter who is in college at her request . It came in a timely manner and was just what she wanted .
 Great software!Came in just the right time , very easy to use , makes nice documents . Contrary to others saying it is not user friendly , it most definitely is . I would recommend to any student .
 My computer came with a different spreadsheet and I wanted Excel . The order came early and complete . I was very pleased with this shipment .
 I thought that this product was really great !! it has a lot of features that can be used for any type of project that a person can think of . this is a great product .
 I have used MS Office professional for many years . When I lost my job , I found that I needed an MS Office Version for my home computer and decided to save money by purchasing MS Office Home and Student . It contains MS Word and Excel which I use the most . However the format is completely different and takes some getting used to . I found I needed to purchase MS Outlook because I definitely needed the calendar and `` contacts '' address book . If you need a `` down and dirty '' version of MS Office , this will work and it will save you about $ 300 .
 This is more than a simple `` upgrade . '' This is like a new product , vastly superior to the older versions of Office and any of the other Office Suites that I 've seen . Even though very different , it is very easy to learn . I do occasionally have to hunt for the new location of this or that , but it seldom takes more than a click or two to find anything.While , the UI has gotten a lot of the glory , and it is amazingly well done . For me it is OneNote that steals the show . Fantastic program . It has literally changed how I work.On a side note , I could n't help but notice the highly prejudiced opinions that are given by many of the critics of Microsoft . If you are one of these people , could you please refrain from commenting when you have nothing constructive to say . Software is just a tool ... one that quickly becomes obsolete at that . Most people choose tools that help them accomplish what they need to do , and not because they want to make some sort of a geeky fashion statement.If you happen to favor *** OPEN *** source over Microsoft , I hope you do not miss the irony that you are attempting to suppress the fair , free and open discussion about software tools . In the future , please try to practice what you preach .
 Office 2007 is truely fantastic software . The interface is great , everything looks great , and there are so many features . But wait , what you probably do n't know is that Microsoft did n't add any new features to Office 2007 from Office 2003 , they only made the old features easy to find . So is this software worth the purchase ? If you do n't have any Office software , then yes 100 % , this software is much better than all other office software . If you have Office XP or earlier , then yes , there are lots of new features for you , and you will love the interface . If you have Office 2003 , I 'd say you can skip this purchase . Everything you can do in Office 2007 can be done in Office 2003 . Sure there are some interface improvments , but are they worth $ 150 -LRB- or $ 130 as Amazon charges -RRB- ?? I 'd say no . Also Office 2003 users will lose Outlook , which is just another reason not to upgrade . My guess is that in another two years , Microsoft will release a new Office product which will include the great interface , plus a ton of new features , so its my recommendation to wait for that . I give it five stars because it is in no way bad software , its just not worth the upgrade for most people .
 Bought this to put on my home computer . The program is very user friendly . Esay to use power point .
 I got my product as ordered in the time frame promised . I am very pleased with the service
 We used this product to put together our very first Power Point presentation - worked like a charm !
 I understand the low ratings - it does take some time to relearn the location of almost all of the functions . That said , if you were starting from scratch , the new system actually makes more sense and would be easier to learn . There are now simply too many features for 5 or so tabs of File , Edit , etc. . . to be efficient.Since I use Word and Excel for multiple hours each day , it was well worth the limited time it took to make the adjustment . The new file format can be annoying if you have friends or colleagues who do n't have the ability to open them . That said , the new format takes up half the storage space as the old , so there are advantages to it . Plus , you can always -LRB- easily -RRB- save it as an older file version .
 My purchase was what I was looking for . My product came quick . Better price than retail store
 I have been using the Microsoft products for quite some time and have always liked its ease of use . Normal use was not a task to use the products . If you had to do something special that you do maybe once in blue moon you could go the book or better yet the help menu and get your answer on how to do it .
 thought that i paid extra $ $ for super fast shipping ?? which i did not ! arrived in 2days ! and no problems with disc at all . thank you .
 This version of Microsoft Office -LRB- Home and Student 2007 -RRB- it 's just enough , do n't need other programs like access or front page , neither the outlook , just excel , word and Power Point , even the bonus program onenote I have n't use it yet . and it was a bargain $ 84.00 awesome !!!! beside I can Load it in 3 different computers !!!
 I purchased this software for my upcoming fall semester ... and I use it constantly ! A student working on their B.A. in English will live by this software . It 's familiar and easy to use . And comes in both Windows and Mac versions . Great product !
 I received the purchased item in adequate timing and in the condition described.thanksJon Ireland
 I was very please with the processing and delivery on this order.The product received was exactly what was advertised .
 Mircosoft Office Home and Student 2007 does everything it is designed to do . Received it within a couple of day 's after ordering .
 I had to have this product to take my online college classes . My only complaint is that Amazon would not ship it to a military FPO/AE address .
 Since purchased this product , I really like to use it a lot , even more than the Microsoft Office 2003 . I had to get use to the format and the new look of the programs from the previous . I like the choice of more templates and clipart to choose from .
 Best price I have seen on this product , by far . The only other way that I have ever heard of getting this cheaper was to buy it through a school , but my school does n't offer thes types of discounts . When I saw that Amazon had this at least $ 35 cheaper I was on it !! Even with tax and shipping I spent less than $ 100 which is awesome . I found the programs a bit hard to navigat at first , but I think it was just because they had the same set up for so many years . Once I figured it out , I did n't find it that difficult to find where things were located . Anway ... great price for the most necessary product on a computer ! Thanks Amazon .
 I am a college student and I purchased this product due to the overwhelming need for it the previous year I attended school . My old laptop contained word perfect products which DO NOT comply with any of the files I need for school . This product is well worth the purchase and I found it cheapest here . Although the box is very difficult to open , it is well worth the buy !
 I love the update to Office . I have had no problems with it . I really like the new setup . I bought a new laptop and it had a trial version on it , so I got to try it out before I decided to buy it . I would recommend it !
 I knew what I wanted . Like the product . The service was excellent . Never had a problem ordering anything from Amazon . The service from Amazon is great and the sellers are doing a awesome job . Thank you.-Inka
 I bought a new computer and wanted to have the right product for my needs . Microsoft office suits my needs , for word processing and spreadsheet specifically .
 This product was what I hoped it would be when I installed it . Installation was easy , and I loaded it on a new computer with Windows 7 -LRB- 64 bit -RRB- , which I was a little concerned about since this program is 32 bit . So far it works great with no hiccups . If something should eventually come up I 'll post another review , but for now it works fine .
 On the whole it is a good package . I still find Word to be sometimes an infuriating piece of S/W when you are imbedding photos into text the insertion is often anything but graceful . If you insert a photo before clicking the enter key some 20 times or so it will just overlay the photo and cover up some previously placed images -- drives me nuts as it is such a stupid mistake to have made when they wrote the S/W . Yeah , I know it takes MS about ten tries before it gets things right -LRB- e.g. , Vista -RRB- .
 Quite happy with the options the new software provides . Arrived in a timely manner . very pleased .
 Everything is as it should be . Shipping was fast . Great product . We like the fact that we could install on more than one computer .
 I do like this product as it has many `` bells and whistles '' -LRB- which I 'm still learning -RRB- . I also appreciate that by buying through Amazon I will be able to upgrade to Microsoft Office 2010 later this year at no additional charge . The only drawback so far is that several people to whom I send e-mail ca n't open the contents because their older model computers do n't have the capability to open it . They also are n't comfortable enough with their computer skills to know how to go online to download the programs to help open it .
 For individuals who are used to older Windows versions , Windows 7 takes some time to get used to . Many of the previous drop-down menus are now grouped in different places , and are initially difficult to locate . I had a lot of trouble until I learned to use the `` help '' option whenever I ca n't find something . -LRB- Click on the Question Mark icon wherever you see it . -RRB- After a few times , you 'll start to remember how to perform the same command when you need it .
 Home and Student 2007 version is everything I expected and more . I am familiar with Word 2007 and Excel 2007 . I have also used Power Point 2007 for work . I think this is a good product at an affordable price . .
 It 's worth spending every penny on Microsoft office . 2010 ver is different than 2007 but you will quickly get a grip and will know that all the changes are for the better .
 Same product being included on a trial basis on most new compuers but the price is right .
 Love this product just wish it included Access 2007 . Would buy it again , great price .
 Sorry to be so long in getting this review done ... out of town a lot.Anyway ... very happy with the service we received on getting Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 . Product is in excellent condition and being used all the time.Many thanks ... and would use this seller again .
 Good programs - does everything I need . Fairly easy to switch from the old Microsoft to the new one and all my old files still work .
 This was a fast easy purchase and I love the program . I highly recommend this seller !
 I like all of the things this program does . It doest take a little whileto understand all of the possibilities . I would recommend this toanyone .
 I have needed this software for about two years , and I would always shrug in my shoulders about buying it because of the price . Well , it came down to where I truly could n't run from it anymore , so I went to amazon , an boy was the price cheaper than it was at the store ! Thanks Amazon !
 This product was exactly as it was advertised . It was by far the cheapest price I could find to get this item .
 Had been searching for this product in stores and on the internet for a reasonable price . The price was one of the lowest I found and the quality of the product was very good . . brand new . It shipped very fast and I am quite pleased with this transaction . I would recommend that anyone who is thinking of buying this product buy it from Amazon . com . Reasonable price and excellent quality .
 Good Programs However , does not operate as fast -LRB- delay in performing various tasks , especially in Excel -RRB- in Windows XP operating system as earlier editions .
 MS Office and Student has been a real help to me . Best product I 've used in a while . Thank you Micro Soft !
 This is a must need for those in school ! So very helpful with MLA formating and such !
 I Love this product i used this very often , the shipment was fast and worked to perfection thanks
 I only purchased this because I purchased a new laptop that could n't run Office 2003 -LRB- which I loved -RRB- . I have n't had any real problems , except that it is so different it takes additional time to complete projects because everything is in a different place or does n't work the same . I 'm sure , as I become more proficient with this product , I will like it as much as Office 2003 .
 this addition of office is very different from the others i have used . i like the 2005 addition best because i know my way around it , this one is kind of the same , in context , but the layout is much different . it has one main tool bar that you can scroll over and that gets to be annoying . when i first used it i had a hard time locating where everything was because all the little details you use in your papers or whatever -LRB- like double spacing and header and footer -RRB- are right there in front of you . it 's kind of overwhelming . once you get used to it though , its pretty standard . its the same basic thing , just looks different . i hav n't noticed anything that was different besides the layout of it , but i 'm sure there are things different that i just hav n't needed to use . i guess its its okay , i still would have liked to use the 2005 addition , but i do n't have the time to reconfigure everything to work with vista ... new laps all have them . i wanted XP but the place that sold me my laptop did not have it as an option , so that ment all up to date programs that worked with vista . i hope review is helpful to someone .
 This product is great . There are many things that you can work on in it . It has powerpoints , to spreadsheets and to the basic worksheets . It 's also very easy to use by just playing with it . It would NOT take a genius to know how to work this product !
 I was basically forced to change from Office 2003 into 2007 when my computer crashed taking with it all installed programs -LRB- Microsoft actually had something to do with it ;-RRB- which I took as a sign from above -LRB- Bill Gates ? -RRB- that I should bring my software a little up to date.After several weeks with the new software I am still undecided whether this was the right move . Frankly , I have yet to find a single function which would really make a difference.The new layout is fancier but this is not what I expect - I need quick access to rather basic functions instead of dozens of functions the purpose of which I will never discover . Let 's face it , I need my computer for writing . I can create an odd table every now and then but that is the limit to my computer skills . Within this fairly limited set of needs I found the new Office to big to handle.Obviously , I am to blame to some extent , I got used to doing things `` my way '' over the years and now `` my ways '' are no longer accessible or I have to trailblaze across allegedly `` intuitive '' software . My basic problem is that the new Office knows too well what I want when I do n't want it at all -LRB- still have n't mastered the tricky art of numbering within a single Word document starting from 1 . several times -RRB- . I could n't avoid the upgrade forever as my students started sending me essays in the new Word format which I could not open any longer but if I could I would probably be happier with the old one . And this is my conclusion - if you already have an older version of Office and it works , do n't change it . It just is n't worth the money and the bother .
 Product contains more downloads than I need , but this version of Word , Excel and Powerpoint all work very well . This purchase was necessary to solve a continuous problem of Windows Office 2000 trying to reload something without my having a CD or DVD to load from -LRB- DELL loaded Word and Excel on originally without suppling Office 2000 - thanks DELL and of course , thanks to the criminals at Microsoft who imply they can help fix problems with their rotten software -RRB- .
 While Office 2003 offered a refreshed look and some improvements in functionality , the basic structure remained the same . While veteran users were able to easily navigate the familiar menus , it had become increasingly difficult to locate some features -LRB- for instance , in Word , would you find `` insert new rows '' to a table in the `` insert '' or `` table '' menu ? -RRB- . With Office 2007 , Microsoft offers the `` ribbon '' , a new and more intuitive way to access features that we used to find in the menus . While the features are basically the same , they are now grouped together according to when and how you would normally use them . These groupings are accessed by clicking on tabs , which are organized in the order you 'd use them . The best way to get a better understanding of this change is to check out the screenshots , or download a free trial version of Office from Microsoft . While Office 2007 was released at the same time as Vista , you do not need Vista in order to run it . The program ran fine on my Windows XP laptop , which only had 512 MB of RAM , and it runs even better on my Vista laptop with 2 GB of RAM.As for which version of Office to buy , this is the third time I 've opted for the Home and Student version -LRB- which has had other names in previous releases , but is still being sold for $ 149 -RRB- . I need Word , Excel , and PowerPoint , and this is the most cost-effective way to get those programs . I was disappointed that Microsoft dropped Outlook from the Home and Student version . In order to continue to use Outlook , I installed Outlook 2003 and have n't had any problems.Instead of Outlook , you get OneNote , a program that uses notebooks and tabs to save and organize all sorts of files and documents . I have n't had much time to play with OneNote yet , but the more I use it , the more impressed I am with it . It looks like one of those programs that you can personalize to meet your own needs and not have to fight with it to get it to do what you want.This is a significant upgrade and should allow all users , new and experienced , to work more efficiently and quickly .
 Well , it 's been a week now , and while I still have Office 2002 -LRB- virtually identical to 2003 -RRB- and Office 2007 on my laptop , I 've pretty much stopped using 2002 . I give '07 a thumbs up.I have used Office since 1994 for just simple letters and spreadsheets until the last year , where I started becoming a heavy user of some really odd features , like non-standard line spacing , different headers within the same document , embedded Excel sheets in a Word doc , embedding images in headers and footers , charting , tables , etc. . I was worried if all these newly discovered features that I just learned would suddenly disappear in the changing ribbon that everyone was talking about.Despite using weird features , or maybe because of it , I am a little more tolerant of looking up how to do things . But I did n't want to relearn everything , and I have n't had to . The default blank document has tabs for Home , Insert , Page Layout , References , etc , which really are not much different than the categories in the classic drop-down menus . Once clicking on these tabs , you are offered the same choices as before ... charts , insert picture , bookmarks , wordart , etc. , and a few new ones , like references , balloons and highlighting , footnotes , and more . It IS a different layout , but to this point , I do n't think it ever took me more than 10 seconds to find something.I 'm surprised no one is talking about the ability to save documents in . pdf -LRB- what was once exclusive to Adobe -RRB- . I know other software has allowed this for sometime , but the ability to make a document that will launch in Adobe Reader with all the functionality of Word or Excel is something I 've been waiting for . In 2 years , we 'll all wonder how we did without it . This is important to me because once in . pdf , the formatting is locked in , and wo n't change depending on how it 's previewed or printed.Another thing that is important is the new , modern looking charts and tables . This is n't just the ` pretty ' factor , but more effective to understanding lots of data more easily . Office 2000/2002/2003 just looked old and unimpressive . It 's true that Microsoft is just catching up to Apple , Adobe and others , but they 've at least done it . Equally important is the ability to instantly see changes to formatting before you 've committed it to the whole document . I 've probably wasted a month 's time over the course of the last year reformatting documents to do it a better way . If only I authored them in 2007 , which was available a year ago , I would have saved so much time.One reviewer said his Home/Student version `` did not have all the features as the full version '' . I 've tried to investigate this , and as far as I can tell , Home/Student 's versions of Word/Excel/Powerpoint are no different than any other version.I do n't want to get too personal here , but all the reviewers who are angry that their saved homework or important business document was saved in . docx and therefore was not readable by anyone else really are just wanting to be victims . Office 2007 makes it abundantly clear that you will be saving in . docx , and if you do n't want to , you do n't have to . It tells you how and where to save it as a compatible . doc file -LRB- or . xls , etc. -RRB- and whether you want this as your default setting . I 'm sorry , but if you 're a student and you ignore all those messages , I think you 're going to have more problems in school than using this version of Office.The Grammar check seems to be improved , catching problems that my Office 2002 did not . Hot keys like Ctrl K for hyperlinks or Ctrl C to copy all still work . I 'm not sure if they removed others as some reviewers have said , but so far it has not affected me . The concept of Add-Ins -LRB- plugins -RRB- is a little bit annoying , as to get certain features like the ability to save . pdf requires you go online and install the add-in . Then again , this gives Microsoft the ability to add features from time to time -LRB- hopefully they 'll use it that way - I think a big reason for add-ins is to give Microsoft a way of periodically checking your software to ensure it 's legal -RRB- . I also like the always-on word count , something that Amazon probably wishes I would use in my reviews.I 'm at day 7 and counting , and I do n't feel much reason to ever open my Office 2002 again .
 For those that use Outlook Express as an email program , be advised that Office 2007 will REMOVE the English spell check from OE , leaving only French as a default . -LRB- Why ? The Proofing Tools of the new Office are not compatible with the older OE . -RRB- To prevent this problem , do not remove older versions of Office from your hard drive.If you already have , here is how to fix the problem : Use the CD to reinstall , selecting the Custom option . Uncheck all options Except the `` Shared Features . '' Expand the branch and select `` Proofing Tools . '' Select `` English '' and then `` Run From My computer . '' Finish the installation . Reopen OE and the English spell check should be selected.Of note
 This student edition of Microsoft Office 07 comes with four programs
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 is good software , but be aware of the various types of licence agreements . If you buy it off the shelf -LRB- at Amazon.com , for example -RRB- then you are licensed for use on up to three computers . HOWEVER , if you purchase a computer with the software PRE-installed , you are only licensed for use on ONE computer . As a mater of fact , you are only licensed to use it on THAT specific computer . If you purchase another computer you CAN NOT transfer the license to the other computer . This type of license is caled OEM . In my case I actually paid MORE to have it Pre-installed on my new Dell , and now I can only use it on that one computer . If you are planning to purchase a new computer , you might want to consider purchasing the software separately instead of having it pre-installed . Amazon.com has the lowest price I 've found so far .
 I liked this product it was very easy to install and cheaper then at the store .
 This was purchased as a gift for my granddaughter who uses it on a daily basis to complete class assignments . Definitely a great product .
 I shopped around for this carefully . I did actually get it for 1/2 price buy buying this from `` Amazon.com '' . It was brand new and as good as one that would have been store bought . THIS WAS A TRUE DEAL ! You can bet I 'll be found shopping here for any further major purchases .
 This was fast and cheap . Other stores had similar pricing but only if you bought the laptop with it . The laptop I got did not have it . Quick and easy install . Took a few minutes to download . Great way to go if you are a student .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007Got me up to speed on the new software.Easy to learn and have no problems with it.Service from Amazon was top notch .
 Office 2007 is better than any of its prior iterations in just about every way . Fewer installation hassles and , once you get used to the new menus , easier to use . No major complaints , as long as you stay away from MS mail products , which rival the Post Office for functionality and ease of use .
 I LIKE THE FEATURES A LOT , BUT THERE 'S A BIG LEARNING CURVE BETWEEN IT AND THE PREVIOUS VERSION . BUT , ONCE I GOT PAST THAT , IT 'S OK .
 This is a software program you ca n't live without . It is easy to install and use . You can try the 90 day free trial but be prepared to purchase . This product is a number one purchase especially for school work , whether middle school , high school or university -LRB- especially online education -RRB- . Like I mentioned use the free trial but be prepared to purchase before the trial is over because you do not want to be without it for even one day .
 Aside from taking three weeks to deliver from Amazon this product works fine . Microsoft has added a . docx extension now instead of . doc and now forces you to buy the upgrade . There is a workaround , but it is a bit of a pain . Word and Excel look different but do the exact same thing the previous versions do . If you do not have to upgrade and already have Office XP or Office 2003 there really is not much of a reason to purchase this now .
 Great price . I always like a hard copy of all my programs on my computer . Saves me having to download them again if my computer crashes . Now all I need to do is learn to use the program . Mostly got it so I could read stuff sent to me by others , but now that I see what all can be done with it I am excited to learn to use it . Great product .
 Word and Excel are as I expected with a few alterations in the task bar and some graphics , as with any new version of a program there is always a learning process but it does n't take a genius to work out the new format . At first I thought that I would never use OneNote but over time it has proven to be useful and I have been pleasantly surprised by it . Finally I do not use PowerPoint so I can say no more about this program . Just be patient with the new format as you will have to find where Microsoft have moved all your favorite tools to E.G. Spell check etc. . All in all for the money not a bad package .
 I 'm usually very tough on Microsoft products but I must relent on this one . I 'm very pleased with this bundle of software , and the 2007 improvements made to my favorite application programs.I must admit that even with my previous expertise there was a learning period for me . Usually I can jump right in to new software and run with it.There have been many changes and improvements with word , excel , and power point 2007 . The screen layouts are very different but once I got familiar with them I liked it better than the old versions . The screens are set up more like ` tabbed browsing ' and make for quicker access after you get things customized the way you like them .
 For years Microsoft has released upgrades of Excel 97 that have mostly been cosmetic . The underlying computation and memory limits have led to long calculations and instability in large spreadsheets.This 2007 version dramatically expands row and column capacity . In addition , it overcomes previous memory restrictions and uses dual core processors to speed calculation . One large sheet improved calculation time from over 2 minutes to under 40 seconds using an AMD dual core processor.This version fixes fundamental limitations for users of large sheets.I was afraid that the new user interface would be daunting , but after a few hours with it , I have found all of the functions I use.I only found one bug . The program hung up when I clicked the `` error checking '' button with the cursor in a conditionally formatted cell . I would imagine bug fixes will be coming since the program has only been recently released.This program is well worth the price .
 An excellent set of software enabling me to do much of what I need to do in an efficient and professional manner . Clear and easy to understand interactive education demonstrational portions of the software explaining and `` testing '' on the changes made to Word and other programs bundled in this product .
 Office 2007 Home and Student is a great value for home users looking to work with Microsoft Office - without all the frills of the professional version . This does n't come with Outlook or Access , but many home users do n't need these features ! Vista 's mail program , thunderbird or web-based emails eliminate the need for Outlook . What 's even better is that you can install this product on 3 computers in the same household!Obviously , OpenOffice or GoogleDocs provide similar services for less money -LRB- aka , free -RRB- , but in my experience , most users find these programs limited , or different enough to be annoying . In my case , Office Home and Student is a great value for the money !
 I have a new laptop and I had already used the trial version and liked it . So I immediately went to Amazon and looked for a good deal for the replacement . After comparing new vs. used costs for the Office suite , I purchased it for under $ 95 and free shipping ! I love Amazon !!!! I always recommend the site to everyone I know to get any misc . computer supplies .
 This application takes some getting used to after using other versions of Office . However , there is a host of new items included and the learning curve is not that great . If you have used Office in the pass you will find that it will not take that long nor that much effort to get into using this application .
 This works exactly as the product lists and was easy to install as the product arrived after my son left for college . So I just texted him the product key and he was good to go .
 I finally gave up on Word 97 and snagged the 2007 . Big difference but you would never tell on final output . Much cooler interface . Some features were moved around a bit , though .
 I love this home version for Office . I teach school , so I use this program a lot . I wish it had Publisher too . Amazon 's cost can not be matched . Students should check their school 's Office Version before saving documents to use at school . My school can not open 2007 from files .
 The shipment came promptly . I should have read more about the product as I was disappointed that Outlook 2007 was not part of it But the other products that came with it are good ones - Power Point , Word & Excel .
 I like Office Home and Student 2007 . Very easy to operate and looks pretty.Just take your time , be patient and you will like it .
 This product is almost necessary especialy if you have to share documents . It takes a little effort to learn how to use all of the features but when you do it saves a lot of time .
 It was easy to order from the website ; the price was excellent ; and it arrived in less than a week in perfect condition.The hard part was getting the package open that contained the disk and product key . There were no instructions on the outside of the container , and it was not intuitive as to how to open it . The plastic was indestructible . After really pulling and working at it , I discovered that the entire inside of the case swings out to reveal the disk and key code . In other words , you need to hold onto the outside of the package , and pull the top left inside corner firmly from the outside of the package.I used the product key to unlock a pre installed trial version of the software which only took a few minutes.I am very pleased with Amazon and the product itself .
 This is third copy of this product I own . It was purchased pursuant to converting my oldest XP desktop computer to Windows 7 . Great product . I am a PC person , not a MAC guy , so this is the gold standard as far as I 'm concerned .
 Overall I like Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 because of the many different program features that makes creating new documents almost a breeze . This is especially true with Microsoft Word which is evolving as a fairly good program for desktop publishing . I like that there is a bigger collection of templates especially for brochures , flyers and other marketing materials . There is an abundance of features -- both old and new , but searching , finding and applying them often takes time which goes toward my final point -- I wish it was a little more user friendly .
 This software is exactly what I needed for my home PC because I work at home on Windows 2007 files I generate at work . Installation was a snap - no problems whatsoever . Great product .
 This product was as expected . Pretty standard when dealing with microsoft . Very good experience with Amazon .
 This product came quickly and was a cinch to install - just typed in the product code and we were set !
 I bought this because I needed the Power Point program for a game/presentation . It worked just fine . I however am not crazy about the new Word update . I find it harder and more time consuming to use than earlier versions . This , of course , is a personal opinion , and I 'm sure others love it . All in all , this was a very good purchase at Amazon as the same product costs at least twice as much elsewhere , including Costco !!
 Item was received on-time and as described . What else is there to say , it 's a Microsoft product . It works as described and I ca n't fault the seller that I dislike the new features of this product .
 i recieved it a head of schedule and it was easy to install . i bought it because my free trail of word was about to expire . I have come to love using onenote and i have used it more than any of the other products . Onenote is easy to use and i can save any info i find and file it with one click . It comes in handy for planning babyshowers , parties , or even organizing username and passwords . i like the user guide and it even showed me how to insert a hyperlink -LRB- sp -RRB- and it allowed me to put all my ideas for my daughters room make over in one place and move things around on the screen so i can visualize what it would actually look like . I highly recommend if only for onenote .
 My wife 's new computer came with a trial version of this and she liked it well . However , when it came time to buy the full version , it was less expensive to get through Amazon than to do it through the trial setup . So because of the costs saved , I went this way .
 I just finished my MBA , and I will tell you that I could not have done it without this package!No matter what your degree is in , or what your career is leading to , this is probably a worthwhile purchase . All of these programs show up in the `` what skills do you have ? '' questions on a generic application.You must be fluent in Microsoft to work any major job going forward , I hope that you decide to spend the time to understand these new programs.Good Luck !
 Product was as promised . was very pleased with the shipping time and the overall satisfaction i have with this purchase .
 My old Word crashed and nothing I did would repair it so I came to the conclusion that I just needed to upgrade it to the 2007 edition . The program was easily loaded , works perfectly , and I was happy to upgrade to this new program . I was also quite pleased to get powerpoint and excel with it because I originally had only the readers for these programs .
 I ordered Microsoft Office Home and Student 07 for our office . We are a church and only needed what was on it as opposed to the other Office versions . It was as it said it would be in the description and worked just fine . Delivery was prompt . Thanks very much !!
 This is a very good product . I like to easy to use format of Word and Power Point . I have not used the Note or Excel . I have used Word for a number of years now and really like to newer version the best . For some reason I am a real fan of Microsoft , and I would highly recommend this software .
 This is a great product for the office and it does everything I could want or need .
 I purchased the Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 disk and am most satsified with it . The biggest problem was just getting into the plastic container . It took longer than the install .
 It takes some getting used to . The commands are not in the same place . Do n't panic , you 'll catch on .
 thanks all . i got the 2007 edition because that is what my work has . when i need to update i will contact you !
 Gr&uuml; & szlig ; e Fr&auml;ulein , Sturm-Verbot-F &uuml;hrer , This is an excellent version of the Microsoft Office privilege and has few to none scorpion contents
 Did what I wanted , and the price was n't as bad as it could have been . It was required for one of my college classes . I always end up on Amazon when I need school books , they 're cheaper and generally in good repair as long as you get them from a reputable dealer .
 had to replace the home office version on my laptop and thiswas the a great investment . no problems loaded easily , runsgreat .
 This was a good buy when I bought it . I got a student discount so I saved a ton on it .
 Works great and used on three computers in my home . I would recommend for any type of user , would buy again .
 I use this product daily . It has since become outdated , but not for my use . I rarely used on-line functions . So , even without that I still have many valuable uses and definitely get my monies worth .
 This software was required by our daughter 's college and we were able to get it here for a great sale price and free shipping . Since it has three licenses included , we loaded on on to our son 's laptop and our home PC for their use too , and this really was a great savings for us . The logic behind the icon and function in Excel and Word totally continues to escape me , seems to lack logic really , but it is functional and , as noted , a great deal here .
 There was no problem in installing the Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 . Although it was already a used product it is operating perfectly and the price was reasonable .
 My daughter has this edition of Microsoft Office and convinced me to try it . I find the new features wonderfully easy to use - especially in Word and Excel which I use extensively . In my opinion , this edition is the BEST !
 If you 're a college student that simply needs a version of office this is perfect , it does n't have all the expensive programs you do n't need . OneNote is great for taking notes in class , I love it
 Microsoft finally figured out how to make these products the way they should have done years ago . Easy menus to read and understand .
 It is very different from 2003 . If you do n't like icons and ribbons , stick with the old . It just takes some getting used to and there are some nice features -LRB- compatibility mode is one of them -RRB- .
 I use Microsoft Office for both work and school . I had Office 2003 and this version -LRB- 2007 -RRB- is much simpler to navaigate through a project . I would recommend this upgrade to anyone who is considering it.The price found on Amazon.com was the least expensive I found for this program and , believe me , I looked .
 This product is great with lot of new enhncements which are very good to have for presentations . They consists of basic needs for professional presentations . I think they can be better by giving some level of customization for the user that will enable us to handle the product with more flexibility . But current version is certainly way ahead of all the previous products .
 I 've always been a fan of Microsoft Office but this new improved 2007 version is bad a ** . I love it . It took me about two weeks to get used to it and understand where everything is but it was worth it . It is so easy to use and learn . This is my first experiacne with OneNote and I have to say where has this been all my life ? I absolutely love OneNote , it is awesome !
 I was a bit worried about having to unlearn all I know about the Office applications . But this transition is proving not hard . The new version is wonderfully intuitive . My middle school kids are having no trouble either .
 Product was excellent and as advertised . It was shipped promptly and in suitable packaging . I would deal with this company again .
 I ca n't remember when I actually bought this program for our computers , but we have installed it every time we get a new one .
 The price on this product was great , especially after comparing to Best Buy . And with Amazon awards points and reasonable shipping , it was almost a steal . The new versions of Word and Excel are a must for everyone !!
 I picked up Office 2007 once my work got it . The ribbon takes a while to get used to , but it 's not bad . I had to turn off the quick ribbon that pops up every time you pause , as it was very distracting . A lot of stuff is moved around from 2003 , often with no apparant benefit . I will say that charts are much easier to create in Excel . Overall , not bad .
 I was so glad that updgraded finally . All the things I enjoyed trying to create with the older version they are there now !! YEAH !!! Can get things done a lot quicker .
 What can you say about Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 ? It is what it is and does what it advertises . My main issue is being forced to purchase this system because it is the system most people use and thus you need this system to interface with documents that are sent to you . I have other office systems that work just fine but most of the documents sent to me that I need to work on need Microsoft .
 Bought this for my daughter 's 10th b ` day . Our trial subscription had ended awhile ago and she had been wanting to extend our version . She is very much into writing and doing powerpoints . This product does everything she needs it to do and more . She is much more computer savvy than her parents , but I was able to install it with no problems . You can put it on 3 computers , so that will come in handy later I 'm sure . We got it at a great deal for less than $ 80.00 . I am not in the business world , but it sems that this would be more thab adequate for most general purposes . Overall a HIT with my daughter . Anything to help her be enthusiastic with writing and be creative is a plus in my book !
 This is a great product . I received it in brand new condition as stated by seller . Thanks !
 it 's a great product from office 97 which i am using . the new features are a necessary upgrade to keep up with technology . it always takes time to get used to new features but once you are familiar with it you will find it useful .
 This is an amazing improvement over The Office 2000 . It 's way more user-friendly and I personally like the home button . It practically runs itself , all you have to do is to follow arrows and instructions on the screen . Very satisfied !
 I am completely satisfied with purchasing this product through Amazon . The price was good and there were no delivery charges . The delivery was on time and easy to track .
 This does everything the full version Does . Paid $ 75 with free shippingEasy to install . A must for everybody . .
 MS Office is a great product and has served the public well over the years . This version is no exception . However , there are a couple concerns with this version that I 'd like to point out.First of all , the installation was smooth and easy . I encountered no problems until I ran the product for the first time . At start up it asked me to validate the product even though I entered the cd key at installation . I was given the choice to validate over the web or by phone . I chose to do so by web for the convenience . Unfortunately , it consistently told me the web site was not available and to try again later . In the meantime I would be allowed to run the product 25 times before it shut down some of the features ... Well , I never was able to validate the product . One day when I ran Word it just stopped asking me to validate . I 'm not sure why . I can only hope that it performed the validation itself in the background while I was using the product . In the meantime , no features -LRB- that I know of -RRB- have been shut down.Second , the menu system has been completely redesigned and that can cause quite some confusion for those of us who have used Office for the past several years . Everything has changed . For a while I could n't even figure out how to open a file . That is how drastic the changes are . However , given time , you get used to the new system and it does work out to be somewhat better than in previous versions of Office.In closing , I must say that I 'm happy with the purchase . I wanted an up to date ` legal ' copy of Office and I now have it .
 Great product if you need it . More intuitive than previous versions of word . Many things can be done with it , loaded with templates .
 Received the product in a timely manner . Even though after installing the software , I started having problems and the return date had expired . But I called the company which had sent me the software and I was given Microsoft Technical Support # and after almost 2 days of trying to find out what the problem was , it was discovered that the disc was defected . But now I am enjoying my software .
 This 2007 software is an excellent update ; user friendly and great for those using older versions of Excel and Word .
 I do n't even know what to say about this product . It is already well known , everyone knows about it and most people need it . You can either use free OpenOffice or just buy this cheapest version of Microsoft Office . It has the most basic and most needed programs . Some people still struggle to switch from Office 2003 to newer 2007 . That 's totally ok . You do n't miss much , the only big improvement in newer version is just design . It looks much different , much simplier , but if you used to 2003 version -- > totally fine . Only thing , in 2007 version , Word has extra letter in the end , for example
 This product is a must have simply to stay up to date and compatable with other users . It should come standard with any computer . Not so fun to buy an expensive computer then dish more dough out for software that should come standard .
 Microsoft Office Home and Student 2007 dose what it said it is going to go and dose it well . At $ 75.00 you can not beat it 5 stars .
 I will definitely shop on Amazon again . I found the best price!Thank you Amazon !
 This is a great program for creating forms and collecting data for statistical information . We 've just started using it in our agency and it works so well , we 'll convert many of our old forms to this format .
 The software we ordered -LRB- 9 sets in total -RRB- was very reasonably priced , and was delivered VERY quickly . Thanks again !
 Unlike many `` educational '' computer programs , this one is actually fun ! You need to read and think carefully to find the clues to rescue the poor citizens who have been turned into appliances by the mad Dr Dabble . Along the way you practice reading skills such as parts of speech , word association and sequencing . If only all lessons were this much fun a lot more kids would beg to go to school .
 I have used Reading Blaster for over ten years with my students , and I still love it . They have a great time learning vocabulary , grammar and all sorts of reading skills . This updated version works great with Vista .
 I remember playing this game when I was a kid and I absolutely LOVED it !!! I love the fact that it has an actual story line and it 's not just mindlessly having you figure out puzzles for no reason . I was just thinking about this game the other day and how I still wanted to play it again even though I 'm now well past the age limit ! It may not be new , but I 100 % recommend this game !
 Unfortunately most children today are over amped on video presentations and seem to crave the excess audio/video that is provided on TV and movies and have a hard time leaving the stimulation off , while quietly studying on their own . So be it ... the interactive Dvd 's makes my 9 year old granddaughter more interested in reading and solving the different games presented and I am glad of it , because she wails about having to do any homework . I like this game . Her older brother played it as well , which I find interesting that he could put down his XBOX for awhile . I recommend this game .
 This game covers most of the basics of language arts ... reading comprehension , grammar , spelling . . etc. . My son loves this game , he actually chooses this over the xbox 360 sometimes !
 My 9 year-old absolutely loves this game , she was excited about it being a mystery and kind of ghoulish . She played for over an hour and was fully immersed in the game . The bad part is that the disc has to remain in the computer for the game to run and the game will not work on Vista 64-bit windows , but it works just fine on the 32-bit version .
 I am currently a 22 year old college graduate as I write my review for this game . From my own experience , this game was not only educational , but it was highly addictive and fun . I played this game for hours upon hours when I was a kid . The reason I decided to suddenly review this game is because it recently helped me during a trivia game just a few days ago.The trivia question was actually on `` Who Wants to Be a Millionaire '' and it asked `` What parts of speech are usually classified as being in the ` active voice ' or ` passive voice ' ? '' I knew the answer immediately after a phrase from this game , that I last heard well over 10 years ago , replayed itself in my head . The phrase was
 According to my eight year old this was the best game ever ! He loved playing it and it was educational . It was great !
 I bought this game because I had it when I was a kid ! It was a very fast delivery and worked great ! I was really excited and glad I made this purchase !
 This card is great got me and wife all over england and ireland with no problems
 This product was excellent ! We flew to Geneva , plugged it in and off we went . We drop around Switzerland , then headed to Paris , with stops at French castles along the way and thank goodness we had the GPS ! If you miss a round about , it easily recalculates . I love my Nuvi and this was a great extension to an already fabulous investment . I 'd highly recommend it . We also used it in London .
 I have only used this within the city of Sao Paulo , but it works ! The only fault I 've found is that , sometimes , it will bring you to the correct point in the road , but expect you to turn left to reach your destination , which is mostly not allowed on many majors roads ... requiring a sometimes lengthy detour .
 January 2007 . We used this in Lisbon , Madrid and Barcelona in pedestrian mode , and on a 2 hour drive in Spain . It takes a lot longer to acquire satellites than it does in the US , and it had trouble getting them at all if there was not a clear view of the sky . When it does , it works well , though the maps do not include smaller streets and the maps are not up to date with some of the newer road construction . When it has a clear view of the satellites it is very accurate.Overall , it was useful and gave good directions . I would recommend it if you dont mind supporting Garmin 's bottom line to the tune of $ $ $ $ .
 I used it is Spain , and I have to admit that it is very good . The maps are very well updated , and even in the small streets of Valencia it was very accurate . However , it is not as well updated as the US maps are , so I ca n't give it 5 stars . For example , do n't expect to find all the restaurants that you will look for , or do n't expect to find all sightseeing places through Garmin . The oldest and most accurate way to get around is by asking . : -RRB-
 My wife and I , like so many others , hesitated at spending several hundred dollars for the Europe maps . But after a 4 hour drive into London , where streets swerve crazily , roundabouts are numerous , and street name signs are non-existant , we quickly realized that this was a life saver.Later in our trip , we headed to Bath , England for our bed and breakfast location . Garmin and the maps took us right to the front door with just the postal code to guide us . The owners told us that no one before had a GPS that took them to their place . The other car that was meeting us there spent 1.75 hours trying to find their way around Bath to the location ... and were so frazzled they never saw any of the city!If you go to Europe and wonder if the maps are worth it , believe me they are . Is n't arrival at your destination with you and your wife still happy worth $ 200 ??
 `` Sylvia '' as our navigator is named , loves to find some of the narrowest streets to get from point A to point B. However , she is always right and only locals know more direct ways of getting places .
 We used the Garmin City Navigator NT SD Data Card on a recent trip to Scotland and Normandy . We had no diffuculy finding any of our destinations in the very rural areas we visited in both these countries . The card had an amazing amount of information , found the smallest of country lanes and gave us information about restaurants and attractions , even in tiny country villages . We could not have traveled with as much ease and confidence without it .
 We 've had the NUVI 660 since the end of June and have used it extensively all over the U.S. I bought the Europe card to use on a recent business trip to Eastern Germany . It worked like a charm and was very accurate . I 'd still be lost in Munich wtihout it . The card was expensive -- way more than I anticipated -- but it has paid for itself already .
 Extremely helpful on our recent trip to Spain . The data base was not quite as current as I had hoped it would be .
 I just got back from Europe ... The maps worked perfectly . I so not know how I ever traveled without it.What a delight to have had along . Eased my mind .
 I am from England and travel on business and vacation in the USA . This USA map for my Garmin Sat Nav has been fantastic . It has saved me lots of time and hassle . Recomended .
 This really takes the stress out of driving in Europe . You miss a turn , it tells you how to recover , no matter what the one-way streets , etc. . Worth every penny ! Some inaccuracies with newer roads , but nothing that really interferes with its functionality . We used it very successfully in Italy and in Germany . Buy it if you 're driving in unfamiliar areas .
 Just returned from a three week trip to England where we travelled much of the time in Norfolk and Suffolk to trace ancestry . The Garmin City Navigator Detailed Maps microcard was the best purchase that we made . Easy to follow directions especially on very small back country roads giving us peace of mind in arriving safely at each destination . I highly recommend this microcard for ease of travel resulting in a more enjoyable vacation
 The software worked great and got to our destination without much difficulty . The only `` problem '' that we experienced involved the English pronunciation of Italian names , which made identifying some streets a challenge . Overall worth the cost .
 I used my Nuvi 200 with these maps in Spain , France , and Italy over the past two weeks . The maps were always accurate , and the POIs were fairly easy to search despite language barriers . I often had difficulty getting my unit to find the satellites , but I do n't fault the maps for that . Just be aware that my unit had much greater difficulty getting signal in Europe than it 's ever had here - your experience may vary .
 The Garmin City Navigator SD data card for Europe was an excellent addition to my garmin . The maps were up to date and I had no problem navigating around Germany using the Data Card . Great buy !! Jim
 Was very useful Germany . It guided us around roundabouts , and even had tiny one lane farm roads in it . Was not entirely up to date but that did n't cause any problems . Can set the Garmin to `` pedestrian '' to use in the city .
 The City Navigator worked perfectly on our recent trip to Spain . It got every road right and found all the shortcuts . There are two issues
 Worked flawlessly and simply on my Nuvi 350 on recent trip to Germany . Very little to add to reviews provided . Used both in car and as pedestrian . Devices like these are indispensable when traveling .
 I recently purchased the Garmin USA SD card maps for a trip to America . What a great product . It plugged straight into my device and worked instantly allowing me to travel exactly where I needed to go . It was so prescise with it 's directions that it lead me to the door of the addresses I had put in . I am very impressed with this product and highly recommend it to anyone .
 I JUST GOT BACK FROM SPAIN AND WE WOULD NOT HAVE ABLE TO SEE WHAT WE DID WITHOUT THE GPS HELP . WE WOULD NOT EVEN HAVE FOUND THE RESORT THAT WE WERE AT WITHOUT IT . I WAS THANKFUL TO HAVE THE INFORMATION THAT THE CARD PROVIDED . IT MADE LIVE MUCH EASIER .
 We went to Spain and had used this product . It was very helpful in keeping us in our direction and schedule as well ...
 Brought my Garmin Nuvi to Austria with a Europe card in it . Honestly , it made my trip so much better . First , I did n't have to keep referring to maps or stopping for directions . And ... I never got lost ! Well , once , but for a 2 week trip ... that 's pretty good.Also , because the Nuvi goes into pedestrian mode , when I parked our car , I was able to save it in Favorites and easily find my way back when the time came . But as for having the Europe card , it was so much more productive to know exactly where to walk to see different sites.Also , the sights and restaurant suggestions were pretty good and up to date.One criticism is that sometimes when I put in a smaller town to drive to , there were several towns with the same name and while I could logically figure out which one I wanted by the distance , some of the regions and countries were mentioned in foreign languages which made it confusing . In other words , all of a sudden , when they would name the country the town was in , they would use the Austrian word for `` Austria '' for no apparent reason at all . A minor disturbance forA product that really helped me travel.Myles
 The product worked great - I jumped from country to country - it took the Satellites a bit to catch up , but the product worked well . I had preprogrammed my locations before arrival and had no problem navigating Germany , France & remote areas of Scotland .
 The chip came fast as promised -LRB- even over the xmas rush -RRB- . I had to get Garmin Tech Support to get me up and running -LRB- said it was plug and plug -RRB- , but due to the fact you could dupe/copy this card , you have to call Garmin to unlock it . If you are Canada , you have to pay the `` LD '' , but tell the Receptionist at Garmin and she will put you to the front of the Cue . We are going to Europe this summer , that is when I really want/need the City Navigator to work .
 Perfeito pra quem mora no Brasil e traz o GPS de fora.Funciona muito bem , pode comprar sem medo .
 This is why you really need a portable GPS Navigator.Going on vacation in europe and this will make my life so much easier!I have used it before and knowing you will never get lost when you are away from home , makes vacation so relaxing and stress free !
 Simply the best Garmin City nav ever it found everything we asked for everytime , in the US and Canada , city or one-horse town . It even showed loging roads in the Algonquin that had n't been used in years and were completely overgrown - and it would navigate you there . You can use this SD card on any number of hand units , having used it on my Oregon and my eTrex . Outstanding !!!
 The maps work well in my Garmin Nuvi 350 . This was a nice transaction .
 Works perrfect in Brazil . In Recife , where I live , its poor regarding restaurants/POI . Delivered quickly .
 `` Sylvia '' as our navigator is named , loves to find some of the narrowest streets to get from point A to point B. However , she is always right and only locals know more direct ways of getting places .
 We used the Garmin City Navigator NT SD Data Card on a recent trip to Scotland and Normandy . We had no diffuculy finding any of our destinations in the very rural areas we visited in both these countries . The card had an amazing amount of information , found the smallest of country lanes and gave us information about restaurants and attractions , even in tiny country villages . We could not have traveled with as much ease and confidence without it .
 We are on the Italian Rivera right now ; we just did a whirlwind tour of Tuscany ; yesteray we went to Pienza ; with the chip and a Nuvi 350 we drove right to it ; with a map , you 'd never find it ; this thing is amazing ; set to pedestrian mode it walked us to the AMEX office in Florence , up on way streets the wrong way as it knew we were on foot . Typical
 The card arrived in 2 days ! When I arrived in Europe , I just plugged it in and was navigating within 2 minutes . It worked perfect .
 This map along with the NUVI 200 saves our lives every day in Sao Paulo , and also our marriage.We realy on it to go almost anywhere , just type in the address and it takes us right where we want to go . Only led us astray once in 6 months -LRB- two roads with the same name -RRB- . Sao Paulo is a huge jumble of streets and can be impossible to find an address for kids birthday parties , other events.Doesn ' t alway take us the fastest way throught the city , but we get there with very few wrong turns . Almost all of the one way streets are correctly identified as well.Outside of SP it is useless . Hopefully Version 4 will be even better !
 Could not be simpler . Plug the SD card in and it works ! Shipping was fast . Garmin advised me that new maps were coming out next month -LRB- should be out by the time you 're reading this -RRB- but these are very current ... at least for Raleigh and NC.I have a Tomtom Rider and tried to get maps for Europe before we left on vacation . After 3 weeks I still did not have my maps so we bought the Garmin Nuvi in Rome . It 's awesome ! Ordered these North American maps when we got home and got them in two days .
 Used the expansion memory card in Gdansk , Poland ; Frankfurt , Germany ; Paris , France ; Birmingham , Luton , and Brighton , UK.Excellent for walking around each city , especially when lost and trying to return to a hotel in central Paris . It does take a little longer to acquire the satellites after changing countries , but once the location is set , the GPS was flawless.I discussed some of the Parisian restaurants that were displayed in the POI list with various hotel and brasserie staff , and the lists were current and spot on.I will never travel abroad without the Garmin - reliable and very convenient .
 I bought it for someone traveling to the UK and they were very pleased with the map . . it was used in a Garmin Nuvi 680 .
 We used this card in our Garmin during a recent 10 day trip to Ireland . We drove over 1400 miles and it kept us from getting lost numerous times . Our only criticisms are that , as tourists , it would have been nice to have directions to more attractions and that it tended to take us on very narrow roads when there was sometimes a much better road going to the same destination . After a few days , we routinely checked its directions against the map . It was , however , invaluable driving through cities and towns and I would definitely use it again .
 I bought this SD Card for one of my friends in Brazil . He is right now very happy while using it with a Garmin nuvi 1300 . It makes really a great pair . Very good value for money .
 The operation is perfect for some Brazilian cities , especially So Paulo , with identification of radar , and many other points of interest . Installation is simple , just put it in and out using GPS . Very good ! Thanks !
 The Garmin Citz Navigator Data Card that I ordered for my nuvi760 is working perfectly . I am presently in Germany and it has shown me the correct way wherever I have wanted to go . I can say it is idiot proof .
 The data card worked flawlessly from Farnkfurt to Bramberg and throught out the city and the to Austria.Thanks
 We have just returned from 2 weeks of driving in France . The European SD card with the Europe maps for our Nuvi 260 was the best travel investment we made . I was able to drive with the confidence that if lost I could count on the GPS -LRB- we nicknamed the voice Molly -RRB- to get us to our hotel or our goal that day . Also it made driving in Paris to return our car far less stressful . If you are driving in Europe I would strongly recommend one . They were offered with our rental car for an extra $ 20 a day so the investment in our own was worth it.Monte Montana
 Very useful product throughout the southern German countyside . Showed amazing detail and saved quite a bit of time getting around . A must have if you are directionally challenged .
 There were times where it was difficult to get the satellite reception near tall buildings but it made it nice to walk around the town -LRB- London -RRB- when we had the reception .
 This chip was absolutely worth it 's weight in gold . Actually , more than that . We would have been hopelessly lost on numerous occasions without the GPS , and the European chip was phenominal . If you put in shortest distance for a route , this guy will take you over hill and dale and on roads only barely wide enough for a small car , so it 's best to use fastest route or , as we did , put in towns that are near to your present location and a road that you wish to travel . We also used the GPS while walking , and it worked flawlessly . I will never travel again without the GPS . Friends that we visited in Germany were awed by the accuracy of the GPS and are going to buy one .
 I purchased the Garmin City Navigator Europe for a trip to Ireland . It was definitely a good investment . Driving without it would have been a nerve wracking experience . It quickly recalculated a missed turn , and had all the little lanes and roads on the map . My only complaint is that when I loaded it after purchase -LRB- 9/2009 -RRB- , it said that it was not the most current version , and that I should update on the Garmin website . I did n't bother to do that , and on the trip I found myself on some new roads that were n't on the map . It did n't cause me any trouble , but I would recommend updating for anyone who buys this product .
 The Euro version of the Garmin worked well for us in France - with the same caveats as US - GPS can put you in major cities when you should be avoiding them , particularly during rush hour.After a confusing issue returning to US , my wife called and found out how to re-boot the Garmin and we got it to work back home again .
 We purchased the Garmin Nuvi 660 fourteen months prior to our current trip and felt that it has become an essential tool for American travels . So , we had no hesitation to purchase the City Navigator Europe NT . During fifteen days usage , we spent approximately 80 % of the time in rural areas of France , Switzerland , and Germany . In rural roundabouts , the next village or town is noted on the sign posts , but the Garmin referenced the landmarks as street names or route numbers . For this reason , I reduced the rating from five to four stars ; otherwise , we were very satisfied . The detour feature was valuable , and the traffic delay warnings saved us several times .
 I bought this US/Canada card for our Garmin Nuvi that was purchased in Hong Kong and it worked perfectly ! What a lifesaver when driving in a new area .
 Bought this Europe card as a present for my son for use on his trip to Ireland . He stated that he plugged it in and drove all over Ireland with no problems . Hee said it was great .
 The card is truly `` plug and play . '' But a few directions would have helped . Neither the card , no the owner 's manual with the GPS gave any instructions as to what had to be done to install the card.But literally , once you figured it out , it was really `` plug and Play . ''
 works very fine in Brazil . But to search is better know the name of the places you want to go .
 I have a Garmin LMT 1450 . Unfortunately there is not enough memory built into the GPS to hold these maps and the US , so I got the SD card . I installed it before I went on my trip to the UK/Ireland and the maps came up , no problemo . However , I ran into problems when I tested it again in London prior to driving the following week in Scotland . It would not synch with the satellites . I check for a solution online and found that I needed a clear view of the sky . I walked to a park and waited until the battery ran out without any luck.I then called Garmin UK support and was told that I had to clear all user data if I wanted the unit to work in Europe . And I would have to do that again when I went back to the US . This would cause the Garmin to find the local satellites . Unfortunately your home address and recently found locations are erased as well . This information is not sent with the maps and should be!Here is the procedure on my unit , look at your manual under Erase User Data to find out your secret way to reset the Garmin to the local satellites :1 . Turn off your Nuvi .2 . Hold your finger on the lower right corner of the Nuvi screen while turning on the Nuvi . Keep your screen finger pressed until the pop up window appears . May take 30 seconds , so be patient with that finger . You will be prompted whether do you really want to erase all user data , or asked if do you really want to start up in maintenance mode .3 . Press `` Yes '' to clear all user data.I did that and when the unit came back on it synched up in about 10 minutes or so . After that it behaved as it did in the US , usually ready almost immediately.So how was the map experience ? Very , very good . Literally all roads but one came up and that was a fairly new 20 mile section of expressway in Ireland . It almost always took us the fast way . The arrival time estimates were always too optimistic as the posted speeds on those small roads in Scotland and Ireland were begging for a head on accident . Often the speed limit was 60 mph on a two way road with blind turns , overgrown stone walls on both sides and farm tractors zipping your way.Roundabout directions were very good with a lot of advance notice . `` Roundabout in one half mile . '' Sometimes a roundabout had a blocked road that had never been finished and you had to guess whether to count it when it told you to , `` Enter roundabout and take third exit . `` A couple of tips for roundabouts .1 . Most large roundabouts have two lanes going in . If the unit tells you to take the second or third exit , it is usually better to be in the right lane , because the left lane is often dedicated to the first exit .2 . It is pretty reliable to count the exits to get the right one using the Garmin . But a good double check is to glance at your unit -LRB- or ask your copilot -RRB- and see what road you should be taking next as you exit the roundabout . The roundabouts are incredibly well signed with very clear arrows . Just look for the arrow going towards the road the Garmin tells you to be on , count the exits and take the one leading to your next road . Piece of cake even in large cities.We drove in Edinburg , Dublin , Galway , etc. and felt comfortable that the unit worked well and the maps were almost 100 % correct.We found one major error as the unit could not find Bunratty , a popular little town in Ireland . -LRB- Best Irish coffee ever at the Bunratty Hotel ! and try the Lamb Stew at Durty Nelly 's pub across the street from the Castle . -RRB- Also , I did not find how to enter latitude/longitude coordinates into our system . I suggest you figure that out because many small hotels or B&B s ; do n't have addresses you can enter . Often they use a nearby town and perhaps a road . Or their websites will list the lat/long . Overall these maps greatly reduced our stress level about driving in the UK .
 This worked great all over Ireland including all the small back roads.And all I had to do was push it in and it started working . No real installation required .
 This little chip saved us so much money and so much stress on our Europe vacation . If we would not have survived driving in Europe or walking around the towns without this . We always marked our starting destination and then went walking around the cities . We always were able to find what we were looking for and get back to where we needed to be . I would recommend this to anyone going to Europe . Also , it is almost $ 20 a day to rent a garmin in Europe , so this was a way cheaper option .
 I purchased this card for an upcoming trip to Norway . I installed the card in my Garmin GPS and it immediately became available - viewed several placed in Europe and typed in several addresses for reserved hotels . The addresses were located immediately . I marked these and will use on the trip . I expect the map to work well .
 We are going to the United Kingdom for a week and was renting a car . I got the detailed map for my Garmin and for less then the price of renting a GPS from the rental company , I have my own . It loaded easily and recognized the addresses that I imputed . Hope driving on the left side of the road is a easy as this is !
 Great price for all you get ! It 's even better than the one my friend purchased for $ 100 . I definitely recommend !
 The card worked great with my Garmin Nuvi . I simply inserted it in the SD slot and that 's all you need to do . I was concerned initially the Nuvi did n't recognize the card so I e mailed and then called the garmin technical support staff . Turns out I was n't zooming in enough on my screen to have all the road detail appear.The card worked just as well in Europe as it does in the US . I love my Nuvi .
 I seriously debated whether purchasing this card was justified for a trip to London , especially when the Nuvi would only be used in pedestrian mode . It was money well spent . Time is valuable when you are trying to see as much as you can , and countless times I used my Nuvi with this card to navigate the streets . The card contained some of the markers for the monuments in Hyde Park . You could zoom out and see the side streets to navigate to the closest tube station . Nuvi never lost a signal on the downtown streets either . The four star rating is only because I can not vouch for its directions while driving , as I only used it in pedestrian mode .
 I just returned from a trip to the Alps , and this Europe street map card proved an invaluable asset . Essentially , it makes the Nuvi as useful in Europe as it is in the U.S. Aside from some laughably bad pronunciation -LRB- which was quite entertaining in its own right -RRB- , this add-on is spot-on accurate - from big crowded cities to remote alpine roads . Highly recommended .
 I have only used the European maps once for a week in Koln on business . The card was `` plug & play '' - worked flawless . It has the same features as the North American maps . I used it for driving , walking and also in a taxi . The later was probably the best feature ; I speak little German and fortunately most German 's are gracious enough to help me along in English . One taxi driver spoke as much English as I spoke German , so we looked at each other for a few helpless seconds . I pulled out the Nuvi360 put my destination in , changed the language to Deutsch . The taxi driver laughed , then smiled and we were off .
 The card worked great in my NUVI 350 all over Italy . I could not have made it without this item because the streets of Tuscany are quite unique . There are few maps detailed enough to be of use . This saved me a lot of time and frustration on vacation .
 Just returned from 10 days in Italy and the maps on the Data Card were great . A few mis-turns based on a bad route , but I could count on getting to my destination.I recommend this for anyone that wants to navigate europe easily without concerns .
 My title is really a reflection of the NUVI , not the card . The card provided detailed map and location information for the 10 European countries I visited in July . I could find museums , pubs , art galleries and theaters with details on how to get there with , of course , voice instructions . So the card was good . One needs to recognize that the Nuzi is designed to be used while moving and in particularly moving in a car . My use as a foot tourist caused it not to work super good . When one is standing still the unit ca n't really know where north is and hence figuring our a direction is a little tough . On the narrow streets of London , Bruges , etc sometimes it put you on the wrong street ... this is to be expected with GPS accuracy . We ended up using it in conjuction with a hand held map and it was a good adjunct . It was a lot of fun on our cruise boat as we could see our speed , direction and identify the nearby land . Just remember that for 300 bucks it is an expensive toy unless you are driving , in which case it will be great . After reading this maybe I should change to title to great .
 Bought this SD software for a recent trip to central Tuscany , Italy . Operated right from the start at home and was able to pre-plan various treks even before leaving the U.S. I have a nuvi 350 , and the combination of CN Europe and the nuvi enabled perfect driving to and from my various visit points . It does show all the roads , big and small , and even when I thought it was wrong , it was right !! With a little research and the Garmin system , I was able to navigate from Rome to Tuscany to a small town , my accomodations and various sights . I heartily recommend the Garmin system of GPS and software to all travelers !!!
 The Garmin Navigator SD Data Card for all of Europe is great - we travelled through Great Britain -LRB- Wales and England -RRB- , Northern France -LRB- Calais to Cahmapagne region -RRB- , Belgium and South of France -LRB- Cote D'Azur -RRB- without a problem . It kept us straight for ONE WAY STREETS , ROUNDABOUTS , ETC. . The only problem we had was getting the time set correct for the different time zones.For taking the headaches out of driving in Europe - this is a GREAT addition to any GARMIN GPS if travelling in Europe .
 We recently drove through the northern lakes area of Italy and found the gps an invaluable tool for us particularly because street names are not always detectable in Europe . It not only helped with finding our location but was also helpful in planning how long to allow for us to get to our destination . An essential if one plans to drive on their own on a European vacation !
 This map set is fine but as others have pointed out , you get either too little detail from the basemap and then suddenly when you go in beyond 5 miles you get too much detail from the mapset . On a car navigation unit like the excellent Nuvi 760 -LRB- Hertz NeverLost system -RRB- this is not an issue , but if you are using a handheld personal hiking unit it is very irritating , for example the Garmin CSx 60 . It limits the usefulness as a map.Also I noticed that on the N13 in Normandy some of the interchanges had been redesigned and the map was out of date . And the POI was really out of date . Otherwise though , you have be touched in the head not to travel with a NAV unit in Europe as you will waste time and money not finding locations . Also , navigating around road closures is much easier and this happens in France all the time . Money well spent !
 This data card made it easy to get back on course after going through construction areas and detours , etc. . If you miss your planned turn , the unit recalculates and you do n't need to worry . We did get on one brand new section of road that has n't been added to the map yet , but it was n't a problem , since the card let us readjust when we got back to the old roads .
 GARMIN 010-10887-00 City Navigator Europe NTI would have wanted to be sure before the purchase , that it will work on my Garmin N&uuml;vi 660 . -LRB- Discontinued Model -RRB- . As it turned out it seems to work.Once I come back from Europe this Summer I will have a more detailed Opinion.Thank you ,
 I purchased this sd card for a trip I had planned to Scotland . This little SD card was the best thing I bought for this trip . We spent 3 weeks driving around Scotland and it always got us to our chosen destination . If it hadnt been for this little card we would have never been able to see as much as we did . Having the GPS took allot of stress out of driving in a foreign country . I also used it in pedestrian mode while we were in edinburgh to get to places there . My husband and I would have never survived our trip still speaking to each other without this wonderful tool . If you are planning a trip and you will be driving just spend the money and enjoy your trip . It is the best money you will ever spend .
 We just used our Garmin Streetpilot C340 with the Europe maps fortwo weeks . Our tour included the cities of Amsterdam , Brussels , Paris and Geneva . I would have been lost without our GPS . The major roadsand highways are generally well marked from city to city . Once yougo into the cities or looking for specific address this is the way to go.I would never travel without a GPS . The maps were about as accurate asthe US maps and POI was good . The real joy is not to worry about lookingfor street names or where to turn . Our only issue was in the city with narrow streets and loss of signal , but this happens in anywhere . Cost vs. peace of mind -- It 's not cheap driving in Europe . Just program your locations and have fun touring Europe .
 VERY GOOD PRODUCT , BEST WAY TO NAVIGATE EUROPE , SAVES TIME AND MANY VERY USEFUL FEATURES . MUST HAVE
 Used this on a week long trip to France in October 07 . Went to Normandy , Mont St. Michel , Chinon , Chambord , and back through Paris . Was very useful , and saved us the nightmare that we encountered using paper maps through Ireland.The female voice that we use on the Garmin did struggle some with the pronunciation of the street names , although I use the visual turns on the unit more , especially on the roundabouts . Had no issues getting anywhere with this card.I do n't know what I would have done without it while driving through France . It saved me some serious stress time in driving .
 I 'm currently in Schwienfurt , Germany and I wanted to put the card and the Garmin NUVI 350 to the test . I would drive to various towns in an `` attempt '' to get lost -LRB- thats `` guy speak '' for I 'm really lost , but wo n't admit it -RRB- and find my way back to the town and the place that I was staying . So , I would hook up the system and after a few errors -LRB- I made wrong turns just so I could get it to recalculate ... right ! -RRB- it got me out of the town and home . I would just add destinations , but had no real address and it got me there . I tried the other features and they worked to some degree . Reasturants were lacking . I think its best to ask people where to eat and rely on additional resources to identify attractions/sights to see , but over all this is a great addition . I didnn ' t have to do anything but slide the card in and I was ready to go . Worth what I paid.One suggestion is to practice going short distances initially to get the feel of how it gives direction .
 I used this on a recent trip to southern France . I thought it was fantastic and it completely won over my skeptical husband.We travel a lot and normally rent a car . It has often taken us many hours -LRB- and many arguments ! -RRB- to find our hotel . -LRB- One time in Rome , we gave up , turned in the rental car and took a taxi to the hotel ! -RRB- On this trip , the Garmin found every hotel on the first try -LRB- 4 hotels -RRB- . It saved us a tremendous amount of time . Not only that , but it made us more adventurous . We had no fear about wasting time gettng lost so we visited lots of attractions we may have bypassed.It was a risk because it was an expensive purchase , but it turned out to be worth every cent . I ca n't say it was 100 % perfect , but it was darn close , so I am giving it a 5 .
 For a recent trip to Ireland , we purchased the SD data card , Europe for our Nuvi 660 . We had rented a car to drive around Ireland and explore . We simply typed in the destination and it took us there , and told us when we would arrive . If we took a wrong turn , it would tell us , in a nice way . There was complete coverage everywhere we went . It even knew about roundabouts ! I would never drive in Europe without it .
 First thing 's first . Garmin gets a big award for ease of use with this . I just stuck the Micro-SD Card into my Garmin Nuvi and it was ready to go . When I landed in Brazil it immediately recognized where I was . AWESOME.We visited a number of places on our trip , including Rio , Salvador and some areas way off the grid -LRB- Lencois in the Chapada Diamantina -RRB- . I have to say , the further you get out of the big cities , the less accurate this get . For instance , if I had truly followed the directions to Lencois -LRB- a tiny town 6 hours inland from Salvador -RRB- , I would not have made it . But it was able to keep me going on the major roads until I encountered signs alerting me to the correct turnoff.If you 're trying to get into Pelourinho in Salvador , this unit is a little bit of a disaster because it 's surrounded by above-ground highways but the unit assumes everything is on the same level . The beauty of the GPS units is if you keep driving it keeps recalculating and you eventually get where you want to go . The description only promised detailed maps in Rio , Belo and Sao Paulo , so I could n't fault it too much.Directions in Rio were pretty flawless as promised . I have always been incredibly stressed out driving in Rio since the roads are incredible confusing . This unit helped take 90 % of the stress away -LRB- Rio drivers kept it 10 % stressful ! -RRB- . I will never drive in Rio without it again . It gave us a lot of confidence to explore new areas of Rio we 've always been afraid to visit simply because we were worried about getting there . This paid for itself over and over again on our trip !
 I purchased this add-on a few weeks before first driving over in the UK - Scotland to be exact -LRB- I 'm from the US , never driven on the left-side of the road before -RRB- . It arrived over a week before I left . I fiddled with it before I left the US . The only harrowing issue occurred when I first got off my plane in Edinburgh - my Garmin could n't pick up a signal . Turns out that no GPS 's pick up a signal right near the airport . By the time I got to the rental car , the signal was there , as were the Scottish roads and directions to my first destination . This add-on was fantastic - really essential and alleviated the stress of driving in the UK -LRB- especially the windy Scottish countryside -RRB- for the first-time . Perfect for roundabouts if you 're not used to them -LRB- tells you ' 1st exit , second exit , ' etc -RRB- . And whenever I was in a town or village where I wanted to do some sight-seeing or walk around , I turned the Garmin to ` pedestrian ' mode and found all kinds of places to eat , shop , drink , and visit . One should n't be that excited over technology , but honestly this little add-on made my time in Scotland even more enjoyable . Highly recommend , especially for ignorant Americans like myself who are first-time UK drivers !
 The chip is a well worthwhile investment , I was able to get mine for a great price , and made my traveling so much easier , From Germany to Austria to Poland/Slovakia/Czech , also was in Switzerland , no matter where I was throughout my trip the card was such a help . With rest area places to stop and eat , hotels/motels , and most of my traveling was on the highway but in the smaller countries like Slovakia the new updated map was amazing ... I was suprised that in those small towns I was still able to get navigation help from the chip . 5 stars without any doubt at all : -RRB-
 I 've never used a GPS unit before , but with a two-week driving trip to the UK coming up , I thought it would be a useful tool . I was wrong ; it was an INDISPENSIBLE tool . We got the UK map add-on , popped it in and we were ready to go . We changed it over to the British voice for fun and was a god-send . Seriously , if I could give this thing 10 stars I would.It saved my life on numerous occasions and lowered the stress level of driving in an unfamiliar country -LRB- on the left side of the road , with roundabouts instead of intersections , driving late at night and on rural roads ! -RRB- to a minimum.One time we ran into some emergency construction work in Cardiff and we were unable to turn where it was directing us . However , it recalculated quickly and we arrived at our destination only a few minutes later.What I wanted was something to get me from A to B in one piece with a minimum of stress . This did the trick and then some . Considering that without this map we would STILL be wasting our vacation time arguing over paper maps and missed turns and trying to figure out the unfamiliar UK road system this little guy was worth twice the price I paid for it .
 This little SD card saved our vacation . Typically we tend to rely on maps and self navigation , and it makes for a tense vacation when we 're arguing over roads that are n't there , places that are impossible to find , etc. . This time , we bought the SD card for my Garmin nuvi 660 . This little gem got us to the most remote areas of southern England imaginable ! Not one of our coastal locations was a problem to find . In one case , we stayed in a `` town '' that was literally three houses amid the moors . No road signs , one-lane roads , and no problem at all with this map ! It 's worth every cent . We found another retailer who sold it for much much less , but knowing what I know now , I 'd not hesitate to pay what retailers here are asking for it !
 When traveling inItaly this summer , the Garmin European NT maps was indispensable to help get in and out of those cities with smal streets and difficult addreses . It helped us get everywhere . On occaisin , it did not pick the best route . It did however , have a great knowledge base of places to go and other items .
 Worked great during a trip to Germany ! A perfect time saving tool , esp if you need to drive solo . Wish the things where not so expensive .
 I was so impressed by the way this SD card worked . I went to Europe for a month and this SD card loaded with European Maps guided me throughout . I love when things work the way they are supposed to .
 This product is well worth the expense spent . I would have been lost without it . I highly recommend this product to anyone traveling in Europe . It will get you where you need to be !!
 THe only downside for this is the cost . As I have no idea what it costs to make -LRB- the physical pieces are very cheap -RRB- I only took it down to a 4 .
 I drove around Germany for two weeks without once having to look at a map . It delivers the same incredible Garmin experience I 've come to expect from my nuvi 350 , but with funny-sounding names.I 'd buy it again at twice the price .
 Used this SD card throughout western Europe for two weeks
 I purchased for a recent trip to Ireland . It was excellent . Sometimes would take you on some very scenic routes , but always made it to our final destination . Driving on the opposite side of the road in Ireland , this allowed me to concentrate on the road rather than messing with maps .
 This software for our Garmin autopilot GPS system was wonderful . It is very easy to install . We could not have navigated around the UK without it . I will never drive in Europe again without having a navigation system along .
 This product was great . Driving around the country roads in England , I did ' t need to worry about finding my way . can give an address or just a city and follow the directions . When returning my rental car to the airport , it found me a gas station and then back to the rental return . Only improvement is that when going into a roundabout -LRB- lots and lots of them in England -RRB- , it said exit 2 and street name but the signs were the street numbers - A24 , etc. . Not a big problem if you just listen to and follow second exit though . It also gave an idea of how long the jouney would take so that was helpful too .
 I purchased this for a road trip that I took in Scotland in late July . Installation was as simple as popping the SD card into my Garmin Nuvi GPS . The maps were accurate . The interface was exactly the same as for US maps . The only thing was that sometimes it directed me to some smaller roads instead of main highways , but that sometimes happens with the US maps , too.Overall , this was a great help on my road trip all around Scotland .
 Pros
 I purchased this just before my trip to the UK in March . I have lived in the USA for 17 years and I go back every couple of years to visit family . As the years have gone by , the roads have changed a little and my memory of how to get around has faded . My last trip , 2 years ago , I got lost so many times , it spoiled my visit . I decided this time to by the UK map for my Garmin . Best thing I could have done . I popped in the SD card and I was ready to go . This trip was so much better , not having to think about how to get to places . The price was very good too and when I called the company with a question , I got a real person on the other end who answered me right away . Very happy with this purchase .
 The maps were great just type in venue in Rome and walk directly to it . We traveled thru italy and england never got lost , worth every penny
 I have this my Garmin Nuvi 205W . It does pretty well at getting me where I want even if miss a turn and it has to recalculate . The problem is that sometimes it will take me down dead end streets -LRB- places that there was never a path ever ! -RRB- . I have been taken to the wrong place a couple times and sometimes it even waits a little to long to say turn . Overall though it does quite well and about 92 % of the time it is right on and about . Another 6 or 7 % it waits on turns a little too long . That extra 1 or 2 % it does get you in a weird predicament -LRB- I have only had it for about a month and it has done this 2 or 3 times -RRB- . Probably more on the 3.5 star side because of the price and that fact that it gets you lost sometimes where you have to turn around and that was its original path .
 SD memory card , City Navigator NT , Spain & Portugal . Detailed map coverage for Spain and Portugal containing full coverage of Spain , Andorra and Gibraltar and these cities in Portugal
 Much better than using PowerPoint to make organization charts , as we used to do . Format painter function could work better , as copying shapes and formats does not always work as desired .
 Does what I expected . The only better thing would be a Mac version . For those Mac users , it works perfectly on my Parallels installation of XP . I found no incompatibilities or issues . I often transfer my work to and from PC users without anyone realizing that it was done on a Mac .
 I purchased this out-of-date version of Visio because I have limited use for the product and it was substantially less expensive than the current version , and I was trained on an even earlier version prior to retirement . It does everything that I need it to do to describe work processes in an efficient and easy to use manner . Since I 'm retired , have older computers , and XP operating systems , this product works without difficulty . It meshes well with my other Microsoft Office software , which is the 2007 version , as well .
 Visio for Windows 7 is okay ... I use the Gantt and brainstorming to get proejcts completed in a group , , , group consensus .
 We use this software for business process redesign . The interface can be slightly challenging for newbies or peopl who are unfamiliar with MS Office . However , all of our consultants have easily mastered using Visio and can produce high quality process flows for our clients using this product .
 Installed the software on my XP laptop . Worked greated . Love the simplicity of it .
 This product arrived in new condition in a timely fashion . Very happy with purchase .
 I 'm not always a fan of Microsoft , and after reading all the terrible reviews of Word 2007 , I was dreading having to convert to it.To my complete surprise , I think it 's really pretty good . I 'd been using Word 2002 for years , but learning the new user interface was n't hard at all . Everything seems to be very logically arranged , and in some ways , the 2007 version actually seems easier to use . Moreover , they 've kept all the Alt-key sequences exactly the same . Plus , it 's got some good new features , such as the ability to save to PDF format . As far as the problem some have complained about with saving files to the new '' . docx '' format which older versions of Word ca n't read , that has n't been a problem , as I just set the default save format to the old '' . doc '' format.The only drawback I see is that the new `` ribbon '' toolbar uses up a few more lines of space at the top of the document , so there 's slightly less room to see what you 're writing . But if it really matters , you can set the ribbon to disappear unless you hover over it -LRB- like with the taskbar -RRB- , so that 's not too bad.Overall , to my great surprise , I like it fine , maybe even better than the old version . Give it a try . You may be pleasantly surprised , too .
 I had used Word 2002 for years , but my new computer did not have Word installed . I could hardly wait to install it and get back in my `` comfort zone '' . It is so easy to use and produces great documents .
 I purchased this program for one feature - the bibliography formatting tool . As a student , I 've wasted hours having to copy and rearrange footnotes into bibliographic notes for my papers . No more . The support Word gives in this area makes it a big time saver . As for the new interface look , I personally found it more helpful after I learned to customize the features which I used most often -LRB- particularly the equation editor , which was a pain to find in earlier editions -RRB- . I found the new tab system for switching between editting my writing and inserting objects very helpful and convenient . If you do n't like switching from the classic office toolbar setup , you should avoid this program , but I find it more convenient to create documents with this version . After a year and a half of use , I highly recommend this version of Word .
 This was just what I was hoping it was . Easy to use and straight forward . I do all of my letters , faxing , essays and all other word processing needs with this program .
 Microsoft has made extreme changes to the user interfaces of their Office products for 2007 , and change is good . With the new `` Ribbon '' interface , the most commonly used tools and commands are right up front and easily accessible . While the changes are extreme , the new interface is fairly simple to learn and the new `` ribbon '' toolbar actually enhances productivity once you are used to it.Several reviews below this one have railed against Office 2007 because they could not learn the new interface , but I was up and running with this software in a matter of minutes . Power users will find some of the more powerful tools and options a little harder to find , but end users will find everything they need much easier than in previous versions.All told , while I do n't think the new version is perfect , I do feel that the interface is a huge leap forward -LRB- not backward -RRB- for Microsoft . As with any software , your own experience will likely be different , but it is definitely worth going through the demos on Microsoft 's website .
 A great product but could use a used guide in the packege . Easy to install .
 I had my doubts at first that this would even work for me , but decided to give it a shot because I desperately needed Word . Installing it to my Vista/Works went through without so much as a burp . Yea !! Now I feel I have my old XP back ... well , not quite , but dang near close .
 I like the look of Word 2007 ; the screen is much cleaner and selections are quicker to find . It is faster and not difficult to apply . Easy changes were accomplished in the Quick Access options by inserting or deleting one or more of the listed menu functions that I use more , or less often . By clicking on the bar and dragging to just above my project , access was faster . This offered quick availability to my most often used tools . Seeing the word count shown as I type is a real plus . There are several other good and new offerings and updated tools not mentioned here.I definitely recommend this program and believe a beginner will find it easier to learn than earlier versions of Word .
 Microsoft Word 2007 is a complete reworking of Microsoft Word 's earlier versions . The menus are different , the look is different , and the feel is different . Having said that , the basic operation of the program is the same -- users of earlier versions of Word really can adapt to Word 2007 in a short time ; it is not like learning a whole new program . Since Microsoft World is the standard word processing program for many areas of business , these changes were not entirely welcomed by the user community . Busy professionals -LRB- as a practicing attorney , I am one -RRB- usually do not appreciate being forced to re-learn significant portions of a basic productivity tool . Familiar drop-down menus that have been mainstays of Microsoft Windows programs are relocated in Word 2007 and the immediate impression of many users , myself included , has been bafflement . I work with my word processor almost every day , for much of the day . For reasons I wo n't bother to go into , I was forced to learn Microsoft Word 2007 at once , while `` under the gun '' on a major project . This testing by fire proved a number of things.First and foremost , my experience indicates that a determined user can become proficient with the new menus in maybe two hours . I was able to get productive work done within about 20 minutes of using the new program . Initial points of frustration were
 14 MONTHS OF USE - Many of the one start reviews I see here on Amazon appear to have been written by people who were so upset with the new Word 2007 User Interface that they simply gave up on it . I 'm a technical writer by trade , and I frequently find myself using whichever version of MS Word my clients or employers decide to use , with little or no input from me . For the last 14 months , I 've been using Word 2007 . Like most Word users , I too had to make the transition from the old menu system to the new menu system , along with adjusting to a bevy of other changes with how Word commands and features are arranged . Learning where to find everything in any new system is no fun , and the transition process with Word 2007 was no different . I too hated `` the ribbon '' when I first had to use it . But you see ... I HAD to use it . I did n't have a choice.So , use it I did , for the last 14 months , and since I use it all day , every day , I 've been able to give Word 2007 a very thorough going over . I 've used it enough to have discovered where pretty much everything is located , and to get used to the way things are organized . I also use Visio , which still uses the old MS Office style interface . I think I 'm in a pretty good position to give you a well considered review of this product and what it 's like to use it , from a professional writer 's point of view.LIGHT USE - First off , I would n't bother to upgrade to MS Word 2007 if you 're not an intense word processing user . If your needs are not particularly demanding or you 're company is n't forcing you to change , do n't bother . The old version will do what you need and you wo n't have to force yourself to endure the transition process.POWER USERS - But , if you are a power user ... someone who writes a lot and uses a lot of the advanced features of word , I do n't think you 'll find , in the long run , that the new interface is especially horrible or bizarre . Once you 've had a chance to get used to it , you 'll see that it works rather well . I also think you 'll find that there WAS some real logic to the way the commands were rearranged in Word . The new interface organizes commands around tasks more than around command types . In the old menu system , EDIT commands were all together under the EDIT menu . FILE commands were all together under FILE . With the ribbon , commands are clustered together around tasks to be performed . If you 're Reviewing a document , you 'll find all the markup , proofing , and change commands grouped under REVIEW . Menu options that pertain to how the software works as a whole are grouped together in a cluster called Word Options . I create heavily formatted , illustrated documents which contain a lot of graphics and photographs and a lot of text formatting . I perform team reviews of each document , collecting markup comments and suggested changes -LRB- Change Tracking feature -RRB- from 2 to 10 people . My documents range in size from a few pages to a few hundred . Complaints ? I really do n't have any . The program does all I want and need it to do and , after 14 months , I can say that I find it very natural working with the new interface . Word 2007 does what I want it to do , I find what I 'm looking for easily ... and when I go back to the old style UI still used by MS Visio ... I feel lost.OPERATING SYSTEMS - Some users have complained about using Word 2007 with Windows 7 . I 'm afraid I ca n't help you there . We run it on Windows XP , and it 's completely fine . I do n't have any issues with it crashing or doing anything strange . OS issues are quite real , so if you 're not sure how Word 2007 will run on your system , research that issue BEFORE you buy.MAILINGS - some people have complained that Word 2007 does n't handle mailings well . I ca n't answer that either , as we do n't do a lot of paper mailing here . If this is important to you , do some further research into web reviews of Word 2007 and decide for yourself . In general , I can say that when I 've taken the time to learn how a new feature works in Word 2007 -LRB- something I 've not done before -RRB- , I 've never found it to not perform . If there was a problem , it was usually a lack of information on my part.TRAINING / REFERENCE / HELP - If I have one gripe with Word 2007 , it 's with the availability and easy access to well written help on some topics . When I use the online help , sometimes , I get great articles that are really helpful . But , at other times , it can take a LOT of hunting around for some after market help articles to work through the details of how something works . Thus far , I consistently find that , once I understand how something is supposed to work , it does work . Finding the information required to discover how it 's supposed to work ... that can , at times , be tricky.BOTTOM LINE - If you 're a power user of Word Processors , creating large and/or complex / highly formatted documents on a regular basis , you owe it to yourself to thoroughly research Word 2007 . It might be the right package for you . But do your homework first . Also , if you 're new to the Ribbon interface , invest in a good book about Word 2007 , as it will help you acclimate to the new arrangement of commands . If you can , take a class or two , which always helps get over the hump of finding things in a new interface . Instructors know where things are when you do n't . Word 2007 is not the sort of program you can buy , sight unseen , install and expect to be running like an expert with no preparation . But , with preparation and practice , you wo n't have any problem producing documents for even demanding audiences .
 The software was easy to install and I was able to use it with no problems . Delivery was quicker than promised . A great buying experience .
 This program has a lot to offer , ordered cheat sheets to help figure out the best way to use it . Hands on will be my school . Delivered quickly and installation was simple . Just what we needed
 I own Visio versions since the very first version before Microsoft bought the company.Visio is a great product for makng organization charts , floor plans , diagrams , strip maps etc.This latest version is designed to work in Vista and with the latest office product versions.One thing I noticed is that this version of Visio lacks the current office 2007 interface . So it kinda of feel like it is one version behind.I wish that microsoft would finally go ahead and just make Visio a permanent part of the office package . Also they need to just have one version . Why do they have the profession edition that comes with a few extra templates -LRB- none of which are worth the price -RRB- . I have own both versions of Visio and I find it very frustrating that if you want to do a quick electrical diagram you have to buy the professional edition . The professional edition offers very specific type templates such as electrical , electronic , architecture etc.The software shipped rather quickly . I had one minor installation problem where the upgrade would not install due to previous version I own.I had to go to the microsoft web help site . Fortunately I found why it would not install and fixed the problem . I tried upgrading from a very old version of Visio on CD ROM and the software couldnt not find the dll file to validate . I got an install error message . I went to Microsoft help and discovered I had to point the validation tool to another directory on the CD ROM . Not sure why microsoft didnt build it into the installer .
 I am not a power user of Visio , and was actually forced to upgrade to maintain compatibility with customers and other apps . GUI did not improve but has more stencils .
 Good product for constructing/designing flowcharts . As with all Microsoft programs it could be more user friendly . Lacks a true password protection for files ... anyone can remove the protection .
 I 'm a life-long fan of Mad magazine . I 've had a subscription going continuously since the mid 1980s . So when this CD-ROM set first came out in 1998 , I knew I had to have it . Back then I was running Windows 95 and upgraded soon after to 98 . Right now I 'm still running XP at home , but never had any problems.All you have to do is install the `` Totally Mad '' program from the discs , then launch it from your desktop any time you want . The rest of the discs have all the content , arranged chronologically . So you 'll have to swap discs when you want to , say , go from viewing issue # 13 to issue # 300 . Obviously this is n't a problem with the newer single-disc DVD-ROM collection , though I do n't know if that has all of the features you find here . By the way , this box set only covers issues of the MAGAZINE itself . It does NOT include any of the hundreds of Mad paperbacks released over the years . Still , there 's plenty here , including the numbered issues and the bonus pages that showed up in the seasonal `` Worst of Mad '' specials.You can tell that they REALLY put a lot of work into this CD-ROM set . One of the other reviewers here complained `` You MUST use the supplied viewer software '' , but really , the viewer is what makes this set so incredible . This is is n't like some other collections that throw all of the files together in bunch of directories you have to sift through -LRB- the Dilbert set comes to mind -RRB- . The `` search '' feature is incredible . You can search all of the past issues by author , column , or any subject . I 've used this countless times to get clip-art for my own fliers , CD covers for friends , etc. . What do you want to find some drawings of ? A certain celebrity ? A dragon ? A doughnut shop ? A hippie ? Just do a search for it ! Even if it 's just something in the background of one panel , it will come up . Then use the mouse to drag a box around the part you want to copy , click `` Copy '' , and paste it to your favorite graphics editing program . Or , save it right from the program.The interface also makes it very easy to read any issue . Aside from dragging and pulling with the mouse , you can click the left/right buttons to advance from one panel to the next . This is especially helpful when you 're reading something laid out left to right across two pages . You can also zoom in and out , and rotate any page.As far as the content goes , what can I say ? You have almost 50 years of Mad magazine here , which means 50 years of their brilliant humor , movie satires , and funny social commentaries from the past decades . I 'd go so far as to say that this is a true documentary of pop-culture and world events from those times , because quite often satire gives us a more accurate and honest picture of past Zeitgeists than editorials do . It 's very interesting to see Mad 's response to different past pop icons , subcultures , fads , politicians , etc. . At the same time , the humor is not completed dated either ; some universal humor never changes .
 Amazing salvage job of my childhood.The only problem is it was set up for older Windows and as there were a few problems on XP it may be incompatible with Vista as so many other programs and CD 's are .
 I feel in love with MAD at an early age . Actually my local Air Force base library carried it so i read every issue in the early 90 's . MAD got me interested in politics actually , hahah.Anyway , this is great CD rom . It 's got everything until 1998 which is fine with me , I reckon MAD jumped the shark shortly after.So many memories . Great buy .
 I use the &#34; Absolutely MAD &#34; DVD-ROM to quickly survey years , issues , pages . -LRB- Very navigable , but the images are MADdeningly soft , inexact , pixelated . This might be acceptable in a text-only document , but here the subtleties of the art get lost in the bad scans . -RRB- Then when I 've got a bead on something I want to take a close look at , I pop in Broderbund 's good-looking &#34; Totally MAD . &#34; They work well in tandem , though of course both advantages consolidated into a single product would be better .
 I 've had `` Totally Mad '' since it came out -LRB- they could n't give me the toilet paper , but they gave me a Mad Mousepad -RRB- . I 've used it through Win95 , 2000 , and XP , but I am having problems with Win7 -LRB- The first disk will load under Win7 but the it rejects the other disks -RRB- and yes , it 's no longer updated and supported . Yes there is now a `` Absolutely Mad '' -LRB- which has more issues -RRB- on one DVD but `` Totally Mad '' has a better search feature and bonuses of Videos , Mad Songs etc. , outside of just the issues.I 'm going to keep it anyway , maybe load it on a old laptop with XP or something .
 This set requires that you install only the basic program -LRB- contained on disc 1 -RRB- on your computer hard drive in order to use or view the rest of the set . You then must insert the disc containing the issues you want to view in your CD ROM drive as needed . This does not take up much space at all by today 's standards . I just did so on my computer equipped with windows Vista . I have not tried every feature , but for simply viewing all content , it works perfectly . The only problem I have had is that the `` help '' section is not compatible with Vista . This is a very minor inconvenience considering how easy it is to maneuver through all of the magazine covers and issues .
 This is a wonderful CDRom . The songs are mighty enjoyable , and eMedia lets you see exactly how the blues greats created the toe-tapping music that they did . But be warned
 I picked up Blues Guitar Legend because of the great songs by Stevie Ray Vaughan and BB King . When I saw the animated fretboard I was blow away . Bends , slide and vibroto make this feature very cool . The multi speed option made learning the songs very easy . I highly recomend picking this one up .
 There is simply no better way to learn these songs . You can isolate different sections of the music and loop them over and over -LRB- both the audio and the tab/notation -RRB- . You can even slow it down . The animated fretboard is also very cool . It plays the notes in time with the music . It even bends the notes . I only wish they 'd make more .
 Works as advertised , interface just a little bit tricky but not difficult once you figure it out .
 Despite some of the other reviews I love these CD-roms . They are really cool and there is so much you can do with them . -LRB- Slow the speed , get some history , loop ... -RRB- This is an awesome product for the beginning/intermediate guitarist who wants to learn some of the greatest blues songs .
 This is great . Just what I was looking for and very fast shipping . Very happy
 I bought SnagIt 8.2 from Amazon a week ago , but I 've been using it for more than a month ! Get yourself the 30-day trial version and try it for yourself . I 'm sure you 'll be ordering the full version shortly thereafter . This usefull tool allows me to caputure web screen images to document how my websites look as of specific dates . It 's really easy to use and has many options for capturing traced areas , scrolling regions , or frames . It 's also great for documenting that elusive error message that wo n't allow you to otherwise print the screen to remember the problem!When you 're ready to buy it , I found that everyone is pretty much the same price , except that amazon actually ships out the software so you have a disk . That costs $ 10 on other sites , so order it a week or so before the trial runs out and you 'll have it when it does !
 It does exactly what they say it will do - it 's great . One problem I had , though , was when I loaded it onto my PC with Windows XP . At first , the pgm did not respond well for some reason - I could not ` snag ' the items on the screen that I wanted to capture ; it seemed to default to snagging only certain portions of the screen . It straightened itself out later though .
 Snag It 8.2 is definatly worth buying if you need to grab anything from the web - from pictures to text even full web pages with all active links can be directly imported into your captured selection.Do you want to capture full webpages , but because the screen scrolls you have to capture it in sections ? Or maybe the website is ia Flash based , which wo n't allow you to capture the images you need?Well with Snag software , It will solve your problems ? Snag it will capture whole screens where the website scrolls , menaing it will capture the whole page in one sequence giving you one big image.Plus Snag It has simple editing options once you capture your images.You can add notes , text , crop , rortate your screen captures very easily.Not only can you capture web stuff but even your desk top , capture images of stuff your doing in software for refernece etc.Snag it can also do video recording , I have not used this feature yet except for a quick test and it seemed to do the job . Howevever It did n't capture sound.I am not sure if Snag it is able to do that feature because I have n't looked into it . If you need serious screen recording you might want to try Snag Its sister software called Camtasia Studio-Snag It works perfectly on my Vista OS Software both 32 & 64 bit systems
 I love this product ! I write technical documents for mechanics , and Snagit software allows me to use just the part of a picture I need in a document to get the point accross . With the upgrades in this version I can even highlight specific areas , and darken the background -LRB- or a host of other options -RRB- to make one particular item especially clear.When it 's time to train the mechanics on the documents I 've written , I can use the video functions in the software to teach , using step-by-step methods.It 's easy to use , easy to learn , easy to export captured pictures , and easy to insert finished pictures into documents and other programs . I recommend Snagit , especially for technical writers .
 I could n't use print screen on my computer and found this product . It not only prints the screen you can select portions to print and even write on it and underline . It has some amazing tools to work with . I love it . It works much better than the explorer select tools . I can put a grid over a picture and print it .
 This product is amazing . I often take screen shots and have to paste several together because of the scroll bar , etc. . . but with Snag It I literally do n't have to and it MORE than cuts my time in half ... awesome program . It does so much more too ... creating your own video tutorials , etc. . . it 's awesome ...
 SnagIt is an easy-to-use screen capture utility and is very flexible . Recent enhancements to the editing feature are significant , especially the ability to highlight and label different parts of what has been captured on the screen . SnagIt is particularly helpful for software developers , and I have used it on an almost daily basis to communicate with both business users and software developers . SnagIt illustrates well the old saying that `` A picture is worth a thousand words . ''
 You have got to have this wonderful screen capture tool.Has a wide variety of screen capture options including screen scrolling and time delay capture plus several output modes including to Word , Excel , JPG , and PDF.Also enables annotating and highlighting . A great tool for passing on comments to others .
 I love the Snag It software . It simplifies projects by minimizing or eliminating the tedious task of resizing text or graphics . The shipping and packing were on task .
 Snagit is a great tool - I have it at work and like it so much I got a copy for home . It has great functionality . Instead of capturing a whole screen shot , you can get just that part that you want from any source . I 'm sure there are many features I have n't learned yet - but a basic use of Snagit is possible immediately.SnagIt V 8.2
 I use SnagIt daily , for one thing or another , nothing special . It snags everything , ca n't be beat . A great product .
 I think the best review that you can give a product is , that it really works and it was not over-sold . This is a rarity in today 's market .
 Snagit is great . Just what I 've always wanted . Everybody should have one.SnagIt V 8.2
 I purchased this for a couple of people who create websites and instructional materials . SnagIt is EASY to use and is great for creating short clips for how to videos of desktop software , through screen capture . It is inexpensive to boot .
 I use Snag It daily at my job in creating instructional sheets for company procedures , and it is an incredible asset . Try the free demo available online and you will feel great about spending the money to own this product .
 SNAGIT does exactly what you need this program to do . It is simple to use with extra functions to complete every task
 My boss uses this tool for weekly reports that I offered to do for him . So he encouraged this purchase . What a fantastic tool ! I use it almost every day , not only for those reports but for snagging things from the web . If you do n't have it , you do n't know what you 're missing . This is a definite must have for the busy worker !
 I use an older version of SnagIt at work . I am forever sending instructional emails to individuals regarding Standards . Snagit can communicate the information that I need to share so much more clearly than plain words.Additionally , one of my favorite SnagIt features is the ` Text Capture ' function . I have worked in some large network drive folders where I have needed to copy document numbers into spreadsheets for sorting and tracking purposes -LRB- we are talking several thousand document numbers -RRB- . This activity takes minutes using the Text Capture function . I LOVE it ! Manually typing all of those numbers takes a monumental amount of time and generates errors . The Text Capture function is exactingly efficient . I highly recommend this product .
 I 've used this product for several months and all I can say is I do n't know how I got along without it . You can screen capture any part of your screen in virtually any application and save it in any variety of formats -LRB- jpg , bmp , pdf , etc -RRB- or you can just copy to the clipboard paste to another application such as Word or e-mail . I love this utility . It is well worth the money . Note that I have have only used is sparingly to capture video , and the preliminary indications are that it does n't work quite as well in this mode .
 I have had this version of Snag-it for nearly 3 years and if there is anything else on the market as useful as this I do n't yet know about it -LRB- at least not a program in this price range -RRB- . I have been able to capture photos , error windows , screenshots etc. that I would not know how to capture any other way . It does so much more that these things that it makes you wonder `` how does it do that ? `` There is one thing that REALLY does out-shine SnagIt v8 .2 and that is SnagIt 9.1 !!!
 It is a user friendly program and simple to use . Read the directions and you 'll be fine .
 Like others , I 've happily used Relocator Version 4.0 and then upgraded to 6.0 . It is tricky to use , but it is the only Relocator that will transferapplications -LRB- executables -RRB- . This function is a must have for me . It did not work the first time and you may need a few attempts . I recommend these steps :1 -RRB- First uninstall and delete as many unwanted files and programs from your old PC as you can . I.e. , if you 're old PC is filled with a lot of junk that you 've collected over the years , get rid of it first .2 -RRB- If you are transferring to a brand new PC , turn off the automatic Windows update function . I.e. , do not download and install Window updates until after the transfer .3 -RRB- Skip the PC Relocator online update step .4 -RRB- Do not manually copy files from your old PC to the new PC before using AlohaBob . -LRB- AlohaBob may mess up if it finds the same file on both PC 's -RRB- 5 -RRB- Carefully follow all the directions that come with this product , do not skip any steps .
 My son has Down Syndrome and we worked hard with letters . He learned the alphabet by age three . Sesame Street Let 's Make a Word is one of the best software programs we own ... and we own tons ! I highly recommend this for ages 3 and up . Scott is older now , but still enjoys it and especially loves the Spanish portion.This is a great investment for learning for all youngsters and those with special needs .
 This was the first CD my son used when he was about 18 - 24 months old 5 years ago . I lost his copy , but reordered it in order to use it introduce the computer to my 23 month old daughter - she absolutely loves it and asks for it by pointing to the computer and saying `` Elmo '' . The world of music game is great for the very young as all they have to do is move the mouse . There are other games that require more skills so they will find more challenging games as they get older . Great lessons in music and lots of fun .
 My daughter enjoys playing this game . It is very educational and fun . I highly recommend it .
 This product was very , very helpful . My husband and I felt it was well worth the money .
 Does anyone know what Year Version these maps are ? From the website and through contacting amazon , twice , there is no way to tell if this software is the brand new 2013 version or any year prior .
 The chip seems to do what it says . I preloaded all of our destinations , so in May we will know .
 Garmin was out of stock for this item which would have been on sale there . However it was on sale for less than half of the Garmin sale price thru Amazon , what a deal ! The SD card fit right into the slot on my Garmin and it picked up my location automatically ! The Garmin does not pick up all the &#34; safety cameras &#34; like the 2475LT model does , but it gets you where you need to go -LRB- occasionally thru some local back streets/alleys -RRB- , but you 'll get there . Great deal for the price !!!
 I bought this for a recent trip to Italy for my Garmin Nuvi 760 . We picked up our rental van in Milan at Malpensa airport and drove directly to our lodging 12K south of Siena with no missed turns and on some gravel roads This trip was about 4and 1/2 hours in duration . We toured in Tuscany to San Gimignano , Siena , Montalcino and Montepulciano . Again , we had no missed turns . We drove from our lodging south of Siena and drove to Rome 's port of Civitavecchia . Again , we had no missed turns . This card worked flawlessly for us in the areas we traveled . I had printed maps and directions for all our travels . After 30 minutes we put them on the floor for the balance of our driving . The only minor issue that was a bit entertaining was the pronunciation of the Italian streets . When in doubt , we looked at the screen depiction and it always correctly indicated our next action . Do n't leave home without it .
 We traveled all around Hungary with this . I bought the SD Card and installed it on my Garmin before we left the US . I was not sure if it installed right , but as soon as we got into our rental car , it found our location and gave excellent instructions . There is instruction available on dozens of languages . We used the English and was amused by the pronunciation of street names . One detail I wish I paid more attention to , was to set my preferences before we got on the road
 When I first installed the card in my 3-year-old Nuvi 255W it could n't tell anything was there . However , I could see folders existed when I put the card in my computer 's card reader . A very patient Garmin Tech Support person talked me through the process of downloading and installing a Nuvi firmware update -LRB- which also required downloading and updating a Microsoft program in order to proceed -RRB- , and now everything works as it should . The product is great . A warning about the possible need for a firmware upgrade would have been nice .
 OK , it IS stupid and overdone to give a name to your GPS monitor , but we did it anyway . She is Diane and we love her . Confused only rarely , she knows even the smallest , narrowest streets in France and Italy . Nearby hotels and gas stations are comprehensive and lifesavers , at times . The list of local attractions and historical points of interest and landmarks is also comprehensive and a nice addition to our `` Rick Steve '' tour book . I take -LRB- the map -RRB- loaded on my Garmin NUVI with me when I leave the car , not only to prevent theft , but to navigate the streets of Lyon and Rome by foot as easily as behind the wheel , also to mark where I left my car , etc. etc. etc. . I will never leave home without it .
 I found very little wanting in this product . The maps are incredibly accurate , even for areas far from city centers . My only complaint is that the interface does not behave the same as it does when looking at the built-in maps of North America . Many cities , for example , do not appear until the map is zoomed-in on the region , and only then does the map for that area load and zooming out is again possible . Before I discovered this trick I was under the impression that very few metropolitan areas were covered . Only after zooming in to the neighborhood level did the right panel load , and it was possible to see the full layout of that country or region.The map also seems very recent . Some streets we did not expect to find were in fact on the map , so there is little to complain in this regard . I was also happy with the price . Definitely beats buying a dedicated unit for Europe .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000BS6RDU Garmin City Navigator NT SD Data Card for Garmin GPS Units , Europe -LRB- 010-10680-00 -RRB- Having used a GPS extensively in Canada & the US we purchased this card for Europe specifically Ireland . We found it easy to use & invaluable for our trip . We found many sites that we would have missed with just a map & traveled back roads with ease knowing that we could never get lost . I highly recommend this tool for anyone driving in Europe who is not familiar with the roads .
 We recently returned from our two - week holiday in the Czech Republic . We drove from Prague to Kutna Hora , Telc , Cesky Krumlov and back to Prague . This device was GREAT because the majority of the roads have either no name at the intersection or any other indication of what it is . For example , our Nuvi told us to turn right on Road 403 and continue for 20 km . At that turn there was absolutely no road marker and it was n't until we were on Road 403 for 10 km that we finally saw a road sign . And the device was very appreciated at detours . We came to several detours and there were no arrows or any other indication of how to get through/around the road construction . The Garmin helped out a lot . In the small towns we were able to find our hotels using this device . Even though we had a very detailed Czech Republic driving map , we primarily relied upon the Nuvi . Bottom line -- do n't leave home without it .
 I bought this for my wife 's nuvi 260W as we were visiting the south of France . I 've been here many times before , but traveling here can be a challenge , lack of -LRB- easy to find -RRB- posted street names is # 1 on the list.This -LRB- micro -RRB- SD did just what it advertised , having a fantastic selection of streets in all but the tiniest of towns -LRB- it does n't have the Route des Cretes , between Cassis and Ciotat , which has been around for 2000 or so years , maybe the cartographer was scared of narrow roads without rails -RRB- but I saw parts of Marseille that I had n't seen before and getting around Nimes , Uzes , Nice , Monaco and St Tropez was a breeze.One caveat though , if you understand French -LRB- but speak English -RRB- , choose French language on your GPS . The ` translations ' to English -LRB- because they are phonetic pronunciations -RRB- are awful . You will spend a huge amount of time laughing your -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- Try Francois , Allende , La Ciotat or pretty much any street name , they 're all quite funny -RRB- Highly recommended , worth every nickle !
 We used this driving from Paris across northern France and it made the drive so much easier . Because I knew I had it , I neglected to get a proper driving map , but will get one next time . The only cons are that it took 10-15 minutes to initially figure where we were -LRB- and we had already started driving , so without a good map , we took a wrong turn or two right out of the gate - but easily back on track -RRB- and it needs to be updated , but again , easily back on track after a quick detour . -RRB- Supplement with a good map ! P.S. . If you 're going to/from CDG and not in a hurry , program it to `` avoid tolls '' to avoid a 3ish mile stretch north of the city -LRB- on A1 , I think -RRB- that cost E7 .40 and had only one toll booth operator ! We probably waited in line longer to pay the toll than it would have taken to avoid the expensive stretch altogether .
 This SD card was the absolute hit of our recent trip to Scotland . We flew into Manchester and picked up a rental car there . It took a couple of minutes for our old Garmin 330 to pick up the signal but once it did , it took us everywhere . Ca n't imagine traveling without it now .
 I purchased these maps for a trip to Italy . We flew into Rome , toured around Northern Italy for 2 weeks and flew back out of Venice . I would n't even think about doing it without the GPS . Rather than buy just the Italy map I got the full Europe for future trips .
 Used it in Baltic region and it worked well . Only two complaints are that it a -RRB- once gave a map location that was off by a quarter mile - though it corrected itself within a few minutes -LRB- too long for a pedestrian in Stockholm -RRB- and b -RRB- the map was cluttered with POIs despite the level of detail . Definitely buy it , but give it at least a minute before setting out in any direction .
 This product worked as advertised . Just plugged it in and it started working after it found the satellites in Europe . It had details for small roads and all major highways .
 The plug-in SD Card Europe maps were excellent and very easy to use . Great buy !
 Bought this to update my USA Garmin to Europe for a 3 week driving tour of Switzerland , Germany , Belgium , France , London . The Europe card simply slid into the SD slot and automatically ran when the GPS was fired up in our first attempt in Switzerland . Found little-known hotels , gas and restaurants with ease , and guided us thru Paris -LRB- have you ever driven there ? Do n't ! -RRB- without a hitch . I know it 's an expensive card , but it worked flawlessly for driving . The pedestrian-use of the Garmin with this card is poor , and makes you walk along streets rather than easily-used short cuts ... would not buy it for walking around town .
 I got this SD card when I PCS 'd to Germany and although I 've only used it a few times it 's made every trip so much easier . I 'm on my second Garmin after an unfortunate accident cracked the screen on my first . The first one was right on with everything - addresses , coordinates , speed limit changes , etc. . This one however seems to be about 300m off and it has been since I got it so I do n't think it 's the card . Still , that 's not enough to make me get another GPS , and it 's my only complaint about the system . I love everything about my Garmin and I would n't trade it for anything ; the only thing better for getting around Europe is a Navigon -LRB- European GPS -RRB- but you also have to be able to read German to use it .
 Could not have driven in Portugal without the Garmin NUVI Europe road map information . Porto to Nazere to the Algarve to Lisbon - clear driving instruction and displays . Will never drive in a foreign -LRB- or the U.S. -RRB- country without our Garmin and up-to-date maps .
 So easy to use . Just plug in the SD card in the side of so equipped Garmin and take off all over Europe . We did France , Germany and the Swiss Alps . Some confusion raised over the internal instructions as if using the chip would erase the pre programmed Garmin forever . Garmin has a correction to this on its blog stating the meaning is the erasure of the Europe chip not the pre programmed Garmin . When I got home North AMerica took precedence immediately even before I removed the Europe chip . Way to do Europe .
 got this just before my trip to England and France . Spent 2 weeks driving around without getting lost and having worry about directions . Without this SD card , I would stop driving after the 1st day . Just insert the SD cart and go .
 This is a great way to add European Maps to your Nuvi.Simply insert the SD Media Card into the Card Slot on your Garmin and thats it . Does not tie up memory space on your Garmin . A great addition for anyone who will be going to Europe.Great program with fast and relGarmin n&uuml;vi 260W 4.3-Inch Widescreen Portable GPS Navigatoriable delivery.I would give this 5 Stars *****
 My wife and I were going to Europe , and having little knowledge or the languages , we bought the Garmin City Navigator for Europe . I must say , it was a godsend !!! We never could have gotten around with maps alone . We were even able to find our rental car every time we took walking tours . It is a very worthwhile investment
 I bought this SD Card for an upcoming trip to Italy because I would be renting a car while I was there . Having this European map was a lifesaver . It gave us the ability to go off of the beaten paths . I found the map to be very accurate ... even within the complex streetscapes of Florence . If you missed a turn , it would recalculate your route accurately.Once , I was driving on a highway that had several tolls . This was an inconvenience because there was a 5-minute traffic backup at many of the toll booths . Finally , I requested that my GPS find an alternate route without tolls . Off we drove onto 2-lane roads with breathtaking views of old towns , farms , orchards , churches , and lakes . We toured the Tuscan Italian countryside like I never thought we could . Also , I used it to take me to the Leaning Tower of Pisa , Italian beachside communities and the Port Civitavecchia.I even used it while on my Mediterranean cruise . I would see land in the distance and wonder where we were . I just turned my GPS on and within a moment , I was able to see our location . I also used it in the Greek Isles ... Mykonos to be exact . It 's great if you want to rent a scooter for a few hours and not lose your way.Make sure that your GPS can accept this card . I had to do some research to see if this was compatible with my unit . I used the Garmin Nuvi 265W and it worked great .
 We just returned from a 16 day trip to Spain and Portugal and utilized the European map SD Card in our Nuvi . It worked great and I would recommend it to anyone traveling to Europe . The only problems we encountered were due to construction , new highways , street closings , etc. .
 We just came back from our vocation from central Europe . The map worked pretty good on our GPS -LRB- Nuvi 260 -RRB- . We preset all our reserved hotels and places we plan to go -LRB- into favorites -RRB- before leaving the country , so it is really convenient . We booked a B & B in a small town on a hill near Interlaken where even Google map does n't show , but it can be found on this map . We drove there without any problems -LRB- some other people we talked had to make a lots of phone calls to find the place -RRB- . In another case , the gas tank was low , but the road signs do n't show any gas stations nearby , we used the map to find a Shell station -LRB- and WC -RRB- in a small town . Some roads have complicate intersections which are hard to figure out which exit to take , especially at night . With the map , there is no need to worry about making a mistake in driving . The GPS can guide you.In all , we are pleased with the product .
 Excellent product . Worked in all cities I visited in Scandanavia except St. Petersburg , Russia . Seller went to extraordinary lengths to ensure I received item before I departed for Europe . Much appreciated .
 My wife and I used this in Spain and France , and it was terrific . For getting into airports , it was indispensable . Sometimes it took a little time to find a satellite at first , but we came to rely on it , and it never let us down . I 'd never drive in Europe without it again .
 The Garmin Europe Map was everything it promised . We used it in Germany for two weeks and never got lost -LRB- except when we disobeyed directions -RRB- .
 Just returned from a 4-day , 1500 km driving trip through the south of France and this map was invaluable in our successful navigation . From back country roads to avoid the ubiquitous toll motorways to navigating the streets of Monte Carlo in the middle of the night , this set of maps was very accurate and worked well with my Nuvi 500 . Highly recommended and an excellent value on price from Amazon . Do n't drive in Europe without it --
 I installed the Garmin software chip for Europe in my Nuvi 205 for a trip to the French mountains and countryside . It worked perfectly , showing even the smallest roads , some of which were single-lane and unpaved . Absolutely worth the purchase price .
 We have purchased several of the Europe maps and wo n't travel without them . Like another reviewer , we have named our Garmin -LRB- Emily -RRB- and find ourselves arguing with her sometimes , but she always gets us where we need to be . We used it recently to navigate the back streets of Venice . It is not quite as quick or accurate in the pedestrian mode , but it still beats trying to make sense of city maps and it is a comforting feeling that even if we are really lost , Emily will eventually help us find our way out . There are a few streets/roundabouts , that have changed - we talked to three other couples in France who , just as we had , been sent through a new housing project trying to get to one chateau . We had all followed our garmins and ended up at a dead end , but it `` recalculated '' and got us out ! It finds gas stations , historical attractions , grocery stores , etc. . . Wonderful product - now , if it would just hook up with Google Earth so you could see specific attractions along the way - that would be perfect .
 Garmin City Navigator NT Europe microSD card with European maps for your Garmin portable navigatorThis addition to our Garmin Nuvi was an excellent and dependable resource for European travel ! The best was the feature whereby coordinates of a location could be stored , named , and used for return travel to a particular location . This prooved invaluable in Greece where there is little English on the signage , if a sign existed at all . Off the main thoroughfares there were literally no signs and road names . What a stress reducer for night travel ! A definite must for the independant traveller !
 I inserted the card in my Garmin and it quickly displayed my location in Brussels . It worked just like the US version . Very accurate between cities but some issues in the extremely tangled and spaghetti like streets in most Euro cities . In any case it saved us much time and confusion . A winner .
 If you are renting a car in Europe and already own a Garmin , this card is a must-have accessory . All you do it pop it in the SD card slot right on your GPS and you 're ready to drive the narrow streets , autostradas , motorways , and autobahns of Europe . If you ever plan to drive in Europe for more than 4-5 days , this costs less than renting a unit for 15 Euro/day from the rental car agency . Additionally , you get to have the familiar interface of your personal GPS unit with the familiar voice that reminds you of home.I bought the City Navigator card for use with my Nuvi 765T on a recent trip to France , Switzerland Belgium and the Netherlands . Not only was the Nuvi able to pronounce all of the French street names , all of the extra features worked such as the ability to lookup the rental car return at CDG airport and get directions to it . It is a million times better than my first road trip in Europe with nothing but a 50 page road map of Italy .
 I had a ten day trip coming up the following week . I ordered through Amazon . The free shipping came in plenty of time . All I did was plug the chip in . The Garmin picked it up immediately . The directions were so good that the voice prompt led me through every roundabout over five hundred miles of driving free of error . And not once did it snap back with anything more than `` recalculating '' . Garmin with the plug-in was perfect in every way . Except when recharging - the Garmin would shutdown when plugged into the recharger . I was using my own USB cord rather than Garmin stock .
 `` Plug and play '' is exactly how this product works ! No registration or setup required . I used it while renting a car in Italy and it got me to every location I needed . Getting around the cities in Italy with all their crazy drivers would have been impossible without a navigation system , so I 'm very glad I got the Europe edition for my Garmin !
 I purchased this in June 2009 just before leaving for Europe for several months . I use it mainly in my Edge 705 while biking or walking , and I 've been surprised at how accurate it is -LRB- and how many little alleyways it has -RRB- . So far , I 've used it in England , Ireland , and Finland in both urban and rural areas , and it has performed very well and has kept me from getting lost .
 We stayed in the city of Treviso , north of Venice , for 21/2 weeks . Even though it is a smaller city , the City Navigator had full maps of Treviso . We also used our Garmin to drive through the Dolomites , and had no problems . I see that Garmin has some new product with more focused maps , but I am glad that we bought this one .
 This chip arrived quickly and packaged very nicely in a hard case . I inserted it in my Garmin and set the unit for US and Europe before I left ; when I got to Belgium the chip tok a few minutes to find satellites and then worked perfectly . I think I would still be driving the crazy one-way twisty streets of Ghent if I did n't have this EU chip . A great price , too !
 This is a great product that also works great . My wife and I travelled to Rome , and yes , we are still married . I used it with a Garmin Nuvi 350 . It provided detailed maps with superb vocal direction . I will never travel again without a Garmin GPS .
 I love all the reel deal slot titles . We own most of them now and all are great .
 My daughter took the SATs about a month ago , and she was panicked , so I bought this software for her . It seemed like a bargain at the time , given the cost of private tutoring and classes . I had read the information here and other places -LRB- like c | net , etc. -RRB- and liked what I saw . The reviews here were not very good , but I trusted some of the others more.The results began almost immediately . My daughter would use this about 3 times a week , and you could see that she was becoming less and less stressed about the test . The proof will of course be when she gets her scores back , but she felt confident , and that was the biggest hurdle to help her over.As for why I liked it , the paying for school and newsweek guide to colleges helped me sort through my responsibilities as a parent , what the financial aid picture will look like for us , and what the campuses she is considering are like - without having to drive to each one.If your youngster is struggling with standardized tests , and you 're not sure what to do , buy this software . You 'll be glad you did , and the panic attacks are fewer .
 wow . I ca n't believe the other reviews of this piece of software . I bought it in September , when I got back to school . My teacher had recommended this one . I found it was really good at helping me calm down , learn to take my time , understand the question behind the questions . The methods for working the math programs , the ways to read those long , dense passages - have all helped me feel totally confident that I 'll do well on the SAT . I 've been looking at the ACT disk , too . I 'm actually thinking that after seeing it , I may take that test too.My parents loved the Paying for school calculator , it helped them understand how much it 's going to cost , and how the heck to pay for it all . And I know better now why so many people have implored me to save money from summer jobs ! : -RRB- Some of the jokes were definitely corny , but overall , outstanding practice , great material , and I feel totally prepared for the big day . Thank you Kaplan !
 this was a overall good program , the jokes are corny - but it teaches you a couple of tricks for the SAT . also the songs are kinda of annoying . but its all good i got what i needed out of the program , so if u have a little patience for the graphics to eat up your RAM -LRB- i have a p4 -RRB- this is a good program .
 This product was good for me because it set goals for me according to my time constraints . The diagnostic test showed my strengths and weaknesses , and selected the items that were most appropriate for me to study . It contains flash cards , games , and a vocabulary builder on top of the lessons . The program was easy to use . I do n't like that you have to buy the complete set of LSAT , GMAT , and GRE , when most likely you will only be taking one of these tests . Overall it was a good product !
 This includes your typical dorky narrators , however , it is well worth your time . This may be the only thing you will need to study for the GRE 's with . My score on the analytical section went up hundreds of points after the work I did with Kaplan . I found the practice tests to be harder than that actual GRE . There was only one quirk with the software that I emailed Encore about with no response .
 This is a good way to review , but it is much more focused on the verbal than I would like . Face it , the verbal is going to be the easiest to program . I also had an older Kaplan GRE book -LRB- 1998 -RRB- and the problems were the same . In fact , the book came with this software , or at least a standard version . Kaplan has pretty good reviews of the GRE , but makes a lot of assumptions about your math ability . The GRE states this is high school math , I checked and for me it was 5th grade through 9th grade . No wonder I was so rusty . One can only hope that GRE will come to their collective senses and take fractions off the test , so make sure you have up to date info on the math sections before you walk in . I really liked the simulation of the CAT GRE .
 Hesitant about taking another standardized test . Only used the GRE portion and it had enough drills , section and full tests to get me ready for the exam - to comfort level of knowing the range of my final score . Worth the money ! A weird and goofy interface , but keeps it entertaining . They even applause for you ! -LRB- we all need a little encouragement sometimes ! -RRB-
 Coming back to Masters studies is hard after starting a career . The Kaplan software helped get back in the `` study mode '' and was a great aid in preparation for the GRE 's . A top notch product .
 Powerpoint finally has password protection for modifying and opening presentations . Another cool feature is that you can play your slide in any view to see how it will play out without having to go into slide show mode . Better animation control , built in image compression and enhanced slide show performance -LRB- Not sure how effective this is yet -RRB- , Multiple design templates in one presentation , It 's suppose to have a file recovery tool but have not been able to test this yet , Still no Autorun CD feature but definately worth the upgrade .
 If there is at least one application out of the Microsoft Office XP family that 's worth buying , it 's this program . The features such as animations and effects 100 % improved with great looking templates to use . The interface might look a bit surprising at first but , you will start creating awsome presentations in minutes . It 's easy to use beacuse of the familiarity with Office and the New Task Pane provides quick access to certain necessary features , eg . If you want change your design template , you can do it right their from the task pane , no digging through menus and right clicking . You are also able to give presentation slides individual template designs to make your templates show more individualty . Their are tons of new features that have not been written about , you will find each every time you use the app . This is one application out of Office Microsoft has really concentrated on , I recommend it !
 This program is very good for what it does . It has to be one of the better Microsoft products . But considering the FREE or cheaper products available for the same use . It seems like its not worth it . And really its not , but if you buy it in the suite of products -LRB- Office XP Pro -RRB- its more worth the money . And you 'll find that its a common requirement in Schools and knowledge that is more and more being required.In this case i was lucky and got it at a KILLER discount -LRB- Free from a friend who couldnt use it -RRB- but it is a good solid program .
 I think this a good program because there are n't many middle school education programs .
 this product was purchased to aid grade school special needs students with their computer skills and academic progress . it actually was so well received , that it became a game of choice for them and was used for incentive rewards . thanks fisher price , for such a colorful , helpful product .
 I purchased this along with High School Advantage 2002 and I think its great . I learned a lot of other math subjects I did n't learn in school and my teacher noticed how I participated more in class . Math Advantage covers more then what I learn at school and I think its an advantage for me . Great price especially when it comes with 9 CD 's . Ca n't beat this anywhere . I tried other softwares and was n't as good because of their teaching structure . 2 thumbs up for Math Advantage .
 I could n't find where it says edit review but I would like to state that at the time of this writting it says there are two out of four who found my last review helpful . I will add more comments after spending more time with the software but I felt I had to say at least a few things . First , one person stated that you can not find out why you answered a question incorrectly . I ca n't believe he said that . You click on solution , that 's how . Another person said that you need something else to be complete in math . Well , you have to use the random problem generator and quizzes and examinations if you want more practice -LRB- which are included in the software -RRB- . I also wanted to note that the software is very straight forward . You do n't need to click a lot to find out just how to get started . I only glanced at the ScienceDeluxe software from Studyworks and found it took a while just to see what I wanted . And then the background was white which I do n't like . And there was no voice .
 I love the graphics , animations , video , charts and the glossary complete with the symbols and formulas is very helpful . I saw only one problem and that is that the practice problems are too long and time consuming . A person who is made of less steel might drop out before they even get to Algebra . I am learning the concepts and am able to do most of the problems correctly but this is only because I use another math software program to compliment this one . If you can get math advantage at a good price by all means buy it .
 Do you believe it ? I got a good grade on math . It is easy to use and it is easy to understand . Also I can pre-studing by myself at home .
 Yes , I saw this product and the frist thing it came to my head was that might help a little cause sound has a good help for learnig math , I bet this is a great tool for someone looking to better its math skills , maybe to be prepared for a job task , or some student like me having a hard time to catch up in math at college , or someone wishing to exercice the brain a little . I have had good experience about learning from a CD rather than a book , it posible because its easier , I would never think this could be the ugly duck !! I just see a very helpfull tool when I see this software , I already have a while using it and I its worth the money.Ohh !! it will always be helpfull to have some sheet of paper and a pencil , to do some practice and to solve the math problems on the way.It might help you too .
 The only thing I find really peculiar about the program is that the so-called random problem generator is something that simply links you to their website so you can do more exercises . I 'm not fortunate enough to have seen the other math software packages but I am STUNNED at what I 've seen so far . True , at this moment I 've only gone up to chapter three but I find the software amazing and addictive . I love the mostly black background because it does n't tire out the eyes like a white background does . I like the voice in the background because I 'm sometimes too lazy to read or I have a hard time concentrating . You can even click on repeat to hear the explanation again . AND you can click on show example to see how the operations are done . The bottom line to me is whether YOU will want to use it or not . I guess it 's like a movie or a book . People have different tastes . So far I have n't thrown it out . Had I put it aside after looking at it , I would not even rate this .
 you will need other information to be complete on math .
 This is such a great software program . So easy to use ! A previous reviewer complained about it not including the 150 free checks that it refers to in the description . The way it worked was you can get your free starter pack either in the store or online . This was stated clearly on the front of my box and that feature worked fine for me . Love the templates for check designs .
 I 've been purchasing The Print Shop for about 5 years now , and this latest edition is the best one yet . I 'm having so much fun exploring and tinkering with some of the new features ! My creative projects are really going to pop after I start using this bad boy with a vengeance . : - -RRB- At the beginning , I was puzzled as to why the installer did not launch when I put in the Install DVD-ROM . But , fortunately for me , I 'm a bookworm and I actually took the time to read page 13 in the user 's manual . It told you what to do if the program did not launch . For Windows XP , simply click the Start button , click Run , and type D : \ Setup.exe . Make sure you substitute the letter for the actual drive you 're using in place of the letter `` D. '' Mine just happened to be `` E. '' The Install Wizard popped right up and ran smoothly with no problems . I had it installed in less than five minutes.Installing the Design Suite software was little tricky , but I soon figured it out . It did n't launch right away , either . For Windows XP , simply click the Start button , click Run , and type D : \ launcher.exe . Make sure you substitute the letter for the actual drive you 're using in place of the letter `` D. '' Again , mine was `` E. '' It will open up another window with about 4 files listed . Double-click the blue icon at the bottom and the blue and white Design Suite window pops up . On the right side of the screen near the bottom , you 'll see 4 blue tabs . Each one is a different component of the Design Suite . One thing to remember
 a very good way to quickly and easily manage the repainting of flight sim aircraft but the drwaing tools are not so useful - this software is great to locate the plane and textures you want to repaint , and the moving 3d views of the plane are excellent for instantly viewing the changes you makebut the drawing tools and window are just awful - they will do the job , sort of , if you are not concerned about quality and have lots of patience - fortunetly you can very easily send the plane textures to any painting program you want to use and paint there , save the new texture and it instantly shows up in the 3d view window to see your changesthis software is totally worth using as the manager for painting and works extrememly well as such - i have had no problems with it at all - i use photoshop 7 as my painting program and works without any problemdo be aware that repainting , even using this program is not easy to get quality results and requires practice and some skill/knowledge of using computer drawing tools - you can repaint and get acceptable results without any artistic ability but its not likely to look as good as the artists that did the original - as with any artistic project practice , practice , praciticei rate this software 5 stars because even though the drawing tools are not so good -LRB- you really dont need them -RRB- the drawing management capabilities are very good and easy to use
 The ringtone editing features are very good and support a variety of file formats . I like that you can download both direct to the phone and to the PC for side loads . It is missing some of the extra features such as a wireless locker and video editing . The price though is very fair for what you get .
 This is the perfect gift for the teen who keeps spending dad 's money on ringtones and games on their mobile phone . Seems to work great since every time a friend calls there is a different song . Now all i need to do is find the equivalent for games .
 I think the `` one star '' review attached to this titles is actually for one of the LOTR Games and the reviewer may be right about the game products , I do n't know . However , the IMSI product is a film companion which allows you create and print out posters , calendars , flyers , bookmarks , etc. . It also includes puzzles and quiz on the characters and the ability to create desktop and screen savers . It 's a engaging print activity studio with some nice features . I recommend it . Just do n't expect a video game experience
 Purchased for a christmas present the pre-teen is very happy with this product
 I bought this soon after the movie was released . It is excellent , as it includes a couple of scenes in the opening preview that are n't in the movie . At a teacher , my students have loved using this for a reward . A must for any LOTR fan .
 I picked this up mostly out of curiosity . I was afraid that the wallpaper and screensavers would turn out to be merely the same ones on the official movie website . However , it was n't so . There are new images . Of course , there are a disproportionate amount of Legolas images to the importance of his role in the movie , but that 's pretty much par for the course and should please the `` Orli fans . '' They also put in a few surprising images for instance the usually ignored Eomer.All in all , this is just a little toy program and nothing more than was expected . I play all my video games on consoles , so I really only buy the little PC CD-ROMs like this . I look forward to making some Hobbit stationary . : -RRB-
 I ordered this product because it said that it was a multimedia studio . When I received my order the package has a completly different cover than the one shown on the web site and states Activity Studio . I already own the activity studio and that is why I ordered this multimedia product . I feel that this is false advertising and I do n't need two of the same item . In order to send it back , I have to pay postage and I 'm not doing that . Anyway , the item itself is great . I would recommend it but if you already own the activity studio , do n't get this one because it 's the same thing .
 I have used Topo USA 4 for two years now and have found it to be a very good product for my needs . At first I found it frustrating to use but as I used my head and figured out how it works I really like it . Contrary to what some say , DeLorme always promptly responding to my inquiries on line.I think you have to be realistic about learning to use a product that is this complicated . It is amazing that you get maps covering the etire U.S. and the ability to download to a GPS for under a $ 100 . Just using the maps for information would be worth that much.I have used TOPO USA to plan and map hikes in Co -LRB- on at least six fourteeners and dozens of other hikes -RRB- , UT , CA , TX , OR , NV , AZ , MN , ME , VT , MT , FL , and have never found any significant errors . As a matter of fact I have been amazed how often the trails on the maps are extremely accurate.I have used TOPO 4 to find parts of the Oregon trail , roads in Nevada and Utah and found it very accurate . Of course it ca n't be up to date in all respects at this price.I would suggest that users realize that a product with this much information is a godsend and try their best to figure it out and they will be glad that they did . I was one of those who at first was planning to send it back and am glad that I did n't .
 I found this software to be a great buy . I had no problems with the 3D features . I was worried because I installed it on a computer that was about 2yrs old but it worked fine . I did have to read the manual that comes on the disc to get to know all the features and how to use them to full advantage . -LRB- it would have been nice if it came with a hard copy but you can print it out -RRB- . This program is very powerful for the money . For a quick example , by just clicking on the screen you can get distances or even acreage computed . Considering the cost and features of this program I would give it 5 stars . To get better software you would have to spend many times the cost of this program .
 This is very useful software for planning hikes . In addition to nice topographic maps covering the entire USA , it allows one to plot a route and see a graphical chart showing elevation gains etc. . The price is a steal , but please be aware that version 4.0 is old . The copyright is 2002 . I 've used this same software for years on my old XP computer and 32 bit windows 7 but I bought a new copy for my new 64 bit machine and it does n't work . I would only recommend this software for older operating systems .
 This is a good tool to have if you want to create your own maps , and also for ref for any adventure you want to have .
 I was somewhat surprised to read the reviews of a minority of malcontents . No , this product does not have the detail of USGS topographic maps , but it never claimed that it did ! The trade-off is that it covers the whole country . Yes you can buy detailed maps on CD-ROM from Maptech , DeLorme and NGS Topo but it would cost you a couple thousand dollars to cover the entire US . I have not had any problems with displaying maps in 3-D either , it works fine . I have been using DeLorme products for many years and I can also vouch for their product support.However this is serious software for people who like maps , cartography , GPS and navigation . It has many capabilities that require buyers to make sure that their computers meet the minimum requirements and spend some time to learn how to use it . This is definitely more capable software than Street Atlas or Streets and Trips .
 I was really surprised to find the average review of this product to be so low . I would have paid the full price of this software for just the 2-dimensional maps of the country and much more when the GPS , 3-dimensional , trip planning , printing , profiling and other features are added in.I use a Garmin 12XL GPS and have had no trouble loading routes from the computer to the GPS , or downloading from GPS to computer . Unlike another reviewer , I have not had to use third programs , text files or any computer expertise at all.The vector nature of the maps gives them far more functionality than other programs , which use scanned GIF or JPG images as the maps . The maps are seamless and virtually all features , from streets to trails , mountains to lakes etc. are clickable for more information . I found no trouble adding trails that I 've found which were not mapped and Delorme has responded to my e-mails about additions quickly and courteously.In conclusion , I 've found Topo USA to be useful , a good value and a product I will continue using well into the future .
 I tow a large travel trailer and was tremendously interested in what Topo 3.0 offered . Topo 4.0 has all the improvements I wanted and more that makes navigating a large tow rig much easier , especially in the mountainous west.Loaded on a laptop mounted between the front seats and connected to a Magellean GPS , I am able to see exactly -LRB- within 60 meters -RRB- where I am on a 2D map on one side of the screen , and an adjustable 3D screen on the other . I can choose a segment of roadway and display a cutaway profile of it , showing what hills to expect ahead of me ... good to know when towing . I can vary the levels of zoom from one side of the split screen to the other . USGS 7.5 minute topoquad maps can be displayed instead of the standard 3D map , but I 'm going to try out the Satellite imagery to get another view of the area I 'm traveling through . Place the cursor on one map on the split screen and you will see the corresponding point on the other screen , even if zoom levels are different . Monitor your location via GPS while underway and you can record the trip and play it back later.For my application -LRB- towing -RRB- , this is an awesome and fun tool . Yes , some of the maps seem to be terribly dated -LRB- according to the map I live in a boy scout camp -RRB- but the roads are mostly current and I have had no complaints with that part of this program . I use the DVD disk , which puts the whole application on one disk , plus one installation CD . Delorme did make one big mistake ... the DVD would n't zoom in when I got it but they found the bug and fixed it immediately with a download patch followed by a new installation disk.A great tool for my use . If I 'm hiking , I 'll still use paper maps .
 I used this software to help plan a recent backpacking trip with my GPS -LRB- I have a Garmin 76S which it works well with -RRB- and found it very useful . ... for the entire country is a pretty good deal in my opinion but I did not expect miracles . It has decent detail but is not a substitute for a detailed map of where you are going . I also use this software for making maps of local trails which it does a good job at.I did not have any of the problems listed by other reviewers - after I downloaded the patch from delorme.Also - Delorme will sell USGS maps and satellite pictures compatible with this software . I think the USGS was about ... / state . I downloaded free samples of both and they were pretty good -LRB- the USGS map looked a little like it had been scanned in but it was still very legible -RRB- . It does leave you a little bit on your own on how to figure out how to use it but I was able to figure most things out fairly easy on my own and the help topics covered the rest .
 I 've tried to study language before with no success . The method used by Rosetta Stone has taken me further in 3 sessions than I have gotten in any classroom setting . You can see it , hear it and become familiar with how things looks pluralized , etc. without plodding through a textbook.The visual recognition has worked for me!The only drawback -LRB- and it 's not a biggy -RRB- is that the disc must be put into the computer each time while using the program .
 I knew some italian , but needed to refresh my knowledge ! This is by far the best product ! I would absolutely recomend the Rosetta Stone !
 This is the first time I tried to learn any language ! Being Italian I had a very keen interest in this language and was scared . I started and it was helpful , interesting and I was able to go back and go forward as I felt I needed . I often want to go back and review from the beginning and I am able to do this . The pictures , the written words , and the voice is all so helpful .
 Very difficult to get started as every move offers multiple options . It is like the never ending story .
 A very good software but nothing is perfect language always takes a long time and this does not signifigantly shorten the time . But you still learn it faster
 I have had some knowledge of the Italian language so I am not a total beginner , but pretty close to it . The reason I purchased this software is that I found myself loosing the little knowledge I had . How this program works is through picture recognition along with coinciding speech . For an example they will show you a picture of a bird in different sequences such as
 I have had some knowledge of the Italian language so I am not a total beginner , but pretty close to it . The reason I purchased this software is that I found myself loosing the little knowledge I had . How this program works is through picture recognition along with coinciding speech . For an example they will show you a picture of a bird in different sequences such as
 This will not work for you as the first or only program for learning Italian . It is great as a supplement to other methods of learning Italian . The method is entirely intuitive - there is no English anywhere , so you may also want to have a dictionary and a grammar book.I have found Rosetta Stone language programs most useful for reviewing the information I have learned elsewhere , for brushing up on languages I have n't used for a while , and for expanding vocabulary.It may not be the best choice for total beginners , but you can learn a lot by associating words and expressions with the images and occasional mini videos . I do consider it definitely a worthwhile purchase .
 After trying two language programs before this and being highly disappointed in their performance I finally put out the money for this program . It is comprehensive and I have found it very valuable in it 's method of teaching the Italian language . I highly recommend it .
 Easy to use and fun . Eliminates tedious repitition and memorizing of rules . Great product to get you started . I only wish it had a dictionary included . Easier to use than most similar products . ****
 My kids , 7 and 9 years old , are addicted to learning Italian using the Rosetta Stone system . After a year of trying traditional methods -LRB- workbooks , audio tapes and videos - all for children -RRB- without much interest on their part -LRB- `` It 's too much like school ! '' my seven year old complained -RRB- I was at a loss until a friend recommended the system to me . We tried the free demo CD -LRB- available at Rosetta 's website -RRB- and I was delighted to see my kids enjoying the games AND spouting Italian words and phrases . We ordered Rosetta Stone Italian Level 1 Win/Mac Personal Edition from Amazon and now after just four weeks of daily five minute lessons -LRB- sometimes they play for a half hour -RRB- we are having mini Italian conversations . I am pleased that my kids enjoy the program and that they are learning the language without their mother nagging them . Che bello !
 It may be a little more expensive than other language software , but I think it is well worth the extra cost . The total immersion method may seem a little intimidating , but you will be surprise at how quickly you learn as opposed to a memorization technique .
 This is more like playing a game than work , and the information sticks with you ! You do n't even realize you 're learning so much with the tiered system , but you put it all together in the end and it 's easy !
 This is an excellent way to learn how to speak Italian right in the privacy of my own home ... it 's like having a language laboratory right in front of me ... I like it so much that I purchased one for my daughter ... next I would like to get the French level to review my language skills there ...
 I 've been a Docs To Go user since version # 4 , and it 's a program I would n't want to live without . I recently upgraded to the Palm Tungsten T-3 , and Docs To Go # 6 Premium looks great on the high resolution color screen - especially when viewed on the wider horizontal format when my T-3 's slide-out cover is fully extended.I originally did n't buy the Premium Edition of Docs To Go # 6 , but I upgraded as soon as I learned that it had two new features - both of which I had always longed to have!The first is SECURITY . In MS Word , one can save documents that are openable only with a password . -LRB- When saving a document , use `` save as '' and then click `` options . '' -RRB- This security feature carries over when the files are transferred via Docs To Go # 6 Premium . To activate this feature on my Palm , I need simply to tap on the `` Options '' tab in the upper menu bar on my screen , followed by `` Security , '' and then `` Hide Records . `` The second essential feature is Docs To Go # 6 's ability to save documents in NATIVE MS WORD format - which means that the file can be opened directly in MS Word ! I can now save a document on my Palm 's SD card - and then open it straight away on my PC in Word - without having to sync my Palm using Docs To Go before hand . This enables me to work remotely on my Palm -LRB- using my ultra-portable Stowaway Palm keyboard -RRB- and then open , edit and print the document on any computer that has MS Word . -LRB- To facilitate this , I carry a USB SD Card reader with me , which is plug-and-play for all Windows XP computers . -RRB- Since a Word file is much larger than a Palm Memo file , this allows me to take notes in a long meeting - which I can then edit on my PC and distribute almost immediately to my other team members via email ! -LRB- Before Docs To Go # 6 Premium , I would take notes in Memo , and then cut-and-paste the text into a Word document - after I had transferred the Memo file to my home PC by syncing . What a pain ! -RRB- Also , taking notes during a meeting using a Palm + keyboard is still kind of cool - whereas doing the same using a laptop is n't even close!As another useful tool , I 've also installed the latest version of BtPrint from ISComplete on my Palm , which allows me to print wirelessly to the infrared -LRB- IR -RRB- or Bluetooth -LRB- Bt -RRB- capable printers available to me at my home and in my office . MS Word documents printed via BtPrint look almost letter quality . For work , since my new company would n't provide me with a desktop printer , I went ahead and purchased a very used HP 990 cxi -LRB- which has IR -RRB- - along with a hardly used Bluetooth print adapter - both from eBay , which put me into business very inexpensively . -LRB- As a final pair of tips , if you search very carefully using Google , you can even find the HP website which will send you a print driver disc for $ 10 , which makes trying to bypass your company 's firewall to download the software unnecessary . I 've also installed PrintBoy 6.0 available from Bachmann software on my Palm which will print my To Do list -- by category -- which makes me look super-organized ! Hey , in times like these , it 's important to have every possible advantage , right ? -RRB- With the Security and Native MS file saving capabilities of Docs To Go # 6 Premium , my Palm is even more indispensable than ever . This is one program I definitely could n't do without ! Why should you ?
 If you want to bring your Office documents around on your you Palm or Sony handheld , this is the product for you . Sweet new user interface that gives all file info , allows for selective syncing of documents , easy SD card management .
 This is the software that I used for my school computers . It handles multiple regions from what I 've seen , which is good as I use it for Japanese movies that are n't shown in Region 1 . It also returns to the last viewing , which I have found is essential whenever I get interrupted frequently . I prefer this over WinDVD any day , though my home computer happens to run on that software . It also lets you adjust for noisy environments , and is slightly more compatible than WinDVD for troublesome drives .
 After reading all the negative reviews here at Amazon , I decided to try PowerDVD 5 myself and this is what I have to say
 I had heard good and bad about PowerDVD 5 , but since upgrading to Windows XP I had n't been able to play DVD 's on my computer so I ordered PowerDVD 5 . The price was right and I figured I really had nothing to lose ! Installation was incredibly easy , and the picture and sound qualities are great ! The controls are extremely easy to use , and the instructions are a snap to understand . I am very glad I ordered PowerDVD 5 , and I recommend it highly .
 This software is great . It works flawlessly with windows . I 've never had it crash . The picture is very sharp , and the sound is wonderful . Plus the controller can be shrunk , and is skinable . When watching widescreen dvds I use the ` mini control ' so that I can see the scene/time information and have the dvd options at hand . you can also take high res still shots of dvd images -LRB- saves as bmp -RRB- , which is nice . There is also a ` show info ' option , which gives you detailed info on the file you 're playing . You can choose video color to enhance video and a variety of audio options as well . I also like being able to keep this player onto of windows , for example , when I 'm typing . This is achieved by selecting ` video always on top . ' I recommend this software . There are lots of rebates available out for it , so look around .
 A colorful , fun program for beginning students , especially for piano students . Includes activities to practice your existing knowledge of names of the piano keys , note names on the treble and bass staff , C major and G major scales , melodic intervals , musical terms , and counting in 4/4 or 3/4 time . No music theory instruction is given - just practice what you already know . The packaging I saw recommended for ages 7 + , which seems about right ; students using this software will need to be able to read -LRB- the directions are not spoken -RRB- . Very affordable !
 This is a clever little program that will keep the attention of your young ones - I recommend for 2 + to 4 as an entertaining program , ages 5-7 as an educational `` introduction '' to music with challenges . Computer/mouse operation . The delight it brings is worth the price !
 This product is a good tool for very young children to learn the piano keyboard and note names .
 I used this program with second grade classes . The students were very engaged in the various activities of the program . I presented this on my Smartboard and the lesson was a great success and reinforced concepts that we had studied throughout the year .
 My piano students love three of the 6 games availAble on this program . For the price it is ideal .
 have used some of the receipes allready and have recommended this book to several diabetic friends .
 Great software for pop-ups , ok on spyware not great but it will work .
 I brought this on concerns of saftey online , and it did its job . It basically hides your idenity online , and has features that can delete cookies , web history , etc. . Overall it did very good .
 This is a very informative and useful program . It covers all aspects of learning to play the piano . I recomend this to anyone who wants to learn piano .
 The instructions are vague on downloading a game and then establishing a phantom drive . It is a blessing not having to run my games off a cd . The instructions could be better , thus only four stars .
 This one of many Hallmark Studio products is a great buy for getting started or adding to your collection ! Hallmark Studio makes it easy and convenient for you to create your own one-of-a-kind cards . You 'll find the perfect card with just a few simple clicks . Send it , or customize it to suit your needs . Plus , Hallmark Studio includes photo frames , blank cards , letterhead , envelopes , stickers and more - all ready for you to personalize . You 'll enjoy this software while also impressing friends and family with your creativity !
 I want to say that I think Hallmark cards shop is a good program for people who like to make their own cards and do not want a complicated program , but nice variety in the selection and categories for an affordable price . I originally purchased Hallmark Card Studio 2 for my parents who are in their 70 's and just learning how to use the computer first time in their life and love making their own cards for all their Senior friends . They have told me frequently they use this program over Create it card program . My father was never into cards and now he really enjoys making cards using his Hallmarks studio 2003 . I decided to purchase Hallmarks Card studio 2003 for them and they love the variety of cards in this selection on this program . I highly recommend this for anyone who has parents that do n't like anything complicated for them to learn . My mother has trouble with sizing images which she does not have very good mouse control . By using this program she has flexibility of using another arrow feature for sizing her graphics which is only a simple of clicking the up and down arrows and with just one click on the card you select it will zoom the card in nicely for viewing which my mother loves these two features . My father was impressed with this program having much more categories of cards to choose from since they were using Hallmark card studio 2 prior to using this program . The only thing I saw that I did not like is how the program guides you to configuring your printer for a two sided project , which does not give you many choices and my parents HP printer did not completely match the configuration in the program . Otherwise the program is easy to use and very simple for a beginner . I would not recommend this program for someone who likes to do more than selecting a different graphic for their card or make simple changes to the wording and font of the card , which is all this program really does ! I was very impressed with the features to sending a card by e-mail was very easy to use . This is a very simple program for someone who does not want all the extra features that they probably will not use . It has another nice feature of making your own labels , stationery , stickers printed envelopes . I hope this review was helpful to others that are looking into a simple card shop or more advance publisher program for card making which would not be for them .
 Saw this pop up on Amazon a few weeks ago and decided to give it a try . I was using the Microsoft Card program and was getting tired of the limited variety of cards available . Obviously , Hallmark knows how to make cards -LRB- and with the right words too -RRB- . I was a little put off initially by the limited customization available -LRB- ca n't get rid of the graphics on the back -RRB- but I 've adapted and am very comfortable with the program . It does all I need in a card marker and should make my Christmas card project a breeze .
 As of yet , the best card program I have seen . I 'll try to touch on features that other reviewers have missed . Setup is easy , however , if you have enough space on your hard drive I would highly recomend selecting a `` full install '' when given the option . This will eat up over a Gigabyte of drive space but you will avoid the hassle of constantly swithching between two CDs when browsing the 2500 + `` pre-made '' cards . In fact , you wo n't need the CDs at all after a full install . Creating custom cards is a little more involved but the possibilities are endless . Card Studio makes it effortless to import your own graphics or even incorporate your own photos into a card project . ONE thing missing that I would like to have is the ability to purchase and add on yearly upgrades . The 2500 included pre-made cards are not bottomless . For instance
 Was so glad to get an updated version , of what I have in Studio 3 . Now , I use both . 2003 has some nice features that I did n't have . I work a lot with Art Studio and love to create my own cards . There 's so much to choose from . The text is easier to work with in Studio 3 , but I 'm learning the new version . I 've gotten so many compliments on cards that I 've created , from scratch . The only cards I buy in the store are Christmas . It means so much more to personalize my own . Thanks , Hallmark !
 This product is incredibly easy to use . There are so many cards and projects to choose from and they are all organized by category . I like being able to personalize the back of the card where it says `` created just for you by me '' . I do n't understand why people want to cover up the Hallmark symbol on the back of the card . That 's one of the things I like most about this product , especially since you can print them on Hallmark paper and send them in a Hallmark envelope . They look like you bought the cards at the store -LRB- but they are personalized -RRB- . This was a great purchase .
 OK . . I know it 's almost 2009 and I 'm still using a program from 2003 . Well , that 's because this one lets you create curved text . I bought a couple others after this one and they did n't offer curved text , and they had alot of the same cards and most of the clip art in these programs is awful-they must have felt sorry for some poor artists . So I have n't bothered looking to buy another one since . But I do LOVE this one and still use it today !
 I use several different home publishing programs . Some of them you want to use whenever you are striving for something involved and creative ; some of them you choose to create a quick and lovely personal greeting . This program falls into that category . It has some lovely artwork , some beautiful messages and offers more creativity than the previous versions of the same program . Buy it . You will like it .
 When you select your card to get rid of the back page stuff just click on studio go to the back of the card and then selct and delete them . It is very easy to do . Do n't have to cut and paste or cover up - just delete .
 I just installed my Hallmark 2003 in about 20 minutes or less . It was a simple process that even a beginner could do . The computer instructs you right through it.Once installed , the program is simple to navigate and the selection of projects and cards looks like enough to keep me busy for awhile.This project was recommended to me by several people and it certainly lives up to my expectations.One needs only to follow a few simple directions and you are up and making cards .
 I love the designs in the Hallmark Card Studio . I have used the American Greeting one and found it to be dated looking , and cheap . Hallmark Card Studio Deluxe 2003 offers the same designs as the cards you see at the store . The images print great , and you can customize the text . I get really heavy , textured card stock and fool a lot of people . I just wish these card programs would print the colored backgrounds to the edges of the paper -LRB- the only giveaway of a homemade card -RRB- . Both of my sisters-in-law bought it and love it too . I am now looking to get 2004 for some new designs -LRB- between the 3 of us , we 've lost track of who has sent what : -RRB-
 Extremely easy to use and has a great selection of cards and other projects to choose from . I always wait until the last minute to send a card . I can print these onto the Hallmark paper and save myself a trip to the store to find a card . My friends love the cards and always ask me how I was able to personalize the card for them . This product is a must have , especially if you 're too busy to get to the card store every time a birthday or holiday comes up .
